--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR  
 
 
 
 
STADSHYPOTEK AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Kingdom of Sweden) 
€20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes with a minimum maturity of one year and one day 
Under this €20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme (the Programme), Stadshypotek AB (publ) (the Issuer or Stadshypotek) may from time to time 
issue covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bond Issuance Act (as defined below) (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined below). The Issuer may issue covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bond Issuance Act under other programmes than the Programme. 
Such covered bonds are in this Offering Circular, by themselves or together with the Notes, defined as Covered Bonds. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. As described herein, the Notes will have a minimum 
maturity of one year and one day. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in 
this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing 
to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. This Offering Circular has been approved 
as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central 
Bank only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Offering Circular. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II) and/or 
which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the EEA). Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) within the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Offering Circular to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market). References in this Offering Circular to Notes being listed (and all related references) on Euronext Dublin shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
This Offering Circular (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt 
Notes (as defined below)) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central 
Bank and Euronext Dublin. In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. The requirement to publish a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Offering Circular to Exempt Notes are 
to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained 
in this Offering Circular in connection with Exempt Notes. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any such Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will 
be admitted to listing on the Official List and to trading on Euronext Dublin (or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, if applicable). The 
applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of the issue of any Exempt Notes will specify whether or not such Exempt Notes will be admitted to listing or trading on any non-
EEA listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, if applicable. 
The Issuer has a senior long-term rating of AA- by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (Niederlassung Deutschland) (S&P) and AA 
by Fitch Ireland Ratings Ltd. (Fitch). The Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated Aaa by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s). Each of S&P, Fitch 
and Moody’s is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). Notes issued under the Programme may 
be rated or unrated by Moody’s. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the expected rating referred to above. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arranger 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
RBC Capital Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
The date of this Offering Circular is 30 November 2021.

--- Page 2 ---
0014350-0000212 UKO2: 2003476867.10 
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used 
in this Offering Circular, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement for each Tranche 
of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information 
contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely 
to affect the import of such information. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Offering 
Circular shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and form 
part of this Offering Circular.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering 
Circular refers does not form part of this Offering Circular. Any website referred to in this Offering 
Circular does not form part of this Offering Circular. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee have independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any 
liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering 
Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Offering 
Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee.  
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) 
should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any 
recipient of this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any 
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.  
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition

--- Page 3 ---
3 
or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of 
any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent 
that this Offering Circular may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering 
Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement 
or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into 
whose possession this Offering Circular or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale 
of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the 
offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (the EEA) (including 
Sweden, France and Belgium), the United Kingdom (the UK), Switzerland, Singapore and Japan, 
see “Subscription and Sale”.  
This Offering Circular has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an 
EEA regulated market (as defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, 
to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which 
case they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the public 
in an EEA member state pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it:  
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor’s currency;  
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and  
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Securities Act), and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”).  
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, USD, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars, to 
AUD refer to Australian dollars, to GBP and Sterling refer to the currency of the UK and to Swedish 
Kronor and to SEK refer to the currency of the Kingdom of Sweden. In addition, all references to 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers (the Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended

--- Page 6 ---
6 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may, if so specified in the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), be calculated by reference to a Reference Rate. As at the

--- Page 7 ---
7 
date of this Offering Circular, European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR), 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) and Danish Financial Benchmark 
Facility ApS (as administrator of CIBOR) are included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). 
As far as the Issuer is aware, (i) neither SONIA nor SOFR falls within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation and (ii) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
amended or modified, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise stated in the Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), all Notes shall 
be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ....................................................................................................................... 9 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................... 17 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ..................................................................................................... 32 
Form of the Notes ...................................................................................................................................... 34 
Form of Final Terms .................................................................................................................................. 36 
Form of Pricing Supplement ..................................................................................................................... 55 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ........................................................................................................... 71 
Overview of the Swedish legislation regarding Covered Bonds ............................................................. 116 
Use of Proceeds ....................................................................................................................................... 121 
Description of the Issuer .......................................................................................................................... 122 
Risk Management .................................................................................................................................... 133 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................... 136 
Subscription and Sale .............................................................................................................................. 138 
General Information ................................................................................................................................ 144

--- Page 9 ---
9 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.  
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980.  
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this overview.  
Issuer: 
Stadshypotek AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300UOX05QGUJJ5707 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors” below 
and include credit risk (the potential risk of a loss arising 
from the failure of a customer or counterparty of the Issuer 
to fulfil obligations as they fall due), market risk (which 
includes interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk), 
liquidity risk (the risk that the Issuer cannot meet its 
payment obligations when they fall due, without being 
affected by unacceptable costs or losses), operational risk 
(the risk of loss as a result of the Issuer’s operational 
systems, error on the part of the employees of the Issuer or 
external events) and regulatory risk.  
 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under 
“Risk Factors” and include certain risks relating to the 
structure of particular Series of Notes and certain market 
risks.  
Arranger: 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP Paribas  
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft  
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A.  
 
Danske Bank A/S  
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
J.P. Morgan AG

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc  
 
Natixis  
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
 
RBC Europe Limited  
 
Société Générale 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)  
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions 
or 
reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”).  
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Programme Size: 
Up to €20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Swedish Notes/Norwegian Notes/Finnish 
Notes: 
The Issuer has established an asset pool consisting of 
Swedish loans and mortgages and other assets eligible 
under the Covered Bond Issuance Act (as defined below) 
(the Swedish Cover Pool), an asset pool consisting of 
Norwegian loans and mortgages and other assets eligible 
under the Covered Bond Issuance Act (the Norwegian 
Cover Pool) and an asset pool consisting of Finnish loans 
and mortgages and other assets eligible under the Covered 
Bond Issuance Act (the Finnish Cover Pool). The Swedish 
Cover Pool, the Norwegian Cover Pool and the Finnish 
Cover Pool are together referred to as the Cover Pools. 
Notes which have a statutory preferential right over the 
Swedish Cover Pool shall be designated Swedish Notes, 
Notes which have a statutory preferential right over the 
Norwegian Cover Pool shall be designated Norwegian 
Notes and Notes which have a statutory preferential right 
over the Finnish Cover Pool shall be designated Finnish 
Notes. The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies 
whether the Notes have a statutory preferential right over 
the Swedish Cover Pool, the Norwegian Cover Pool or the 
Finnish Cover Pool (being the relevant Cover Pool and

--- Page 11 ---
11 
each a Cover Pool). The Issuer will keep a separate 
Register (as defined in “Overview of the Swedish 
legislation regarding Covered Bonds”) for each Cover 
Pool, its assets and relevant derivative contracts. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, be denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to a 
minimum maturity of one year and one day, and such other 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.  
Extended Maturity Date: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) may provide 
that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of Notes.  
 
As regards redemption of Notes to which an Extended 
Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer fails to redeem the 
relevant Notes in full on the Maturity Date (or within two 
Business Days thereafter), the maturity of the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Notes not redeemed will 
automatically extend on a monthly basis up to but, not later 
than, the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In that event 
the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Notes on an Interest Payment 
Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. The extension 
of the maturity of the nominal amount outstanding of the 
Notes from the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity 
Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders to 
accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer.  
 
As regards interest on Notes to which an Extended 
Maturity Date so applies, if the Issuer fails to redeem the 
relevant Notes in full on the Maturity Date (or within two 
Business Days thereafter), the Notes will bear interest on 
the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier 
of the Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on 
which the Notes are redeemed in full or the Extended 
Maturity Date and will be payable in respect of the Interest

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, or the Extended Maturity Date, as 
applicable, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date after 
the Maturity Date, or the Extended Maturity Date, as 
applicable, at the rate provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement.  
 
In the case of a Series of Notes to which an Extended 
Maturity Date so applies, those Notes may for the purposes 
of the Programme be:  
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero 
Coupon Notes, in respect of the period from the 
Issue Date to (and including) the Maturity Date; 
and  
 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes in respect 
of the period from (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date to (and including) the Extended Maturity 
Date,  
 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
 
In the case of Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date and for which an 
Extended Maturity Date applies, the initial outstanding 
nominal amount on the Maturity Date for the above 
purposes will be the total amount otherwise payable by the 
Issuer but unpaid on the relevant Notes on the Maturity 
Date.  
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, 
par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in 
“Form of the Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer.  
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement 
incorporating 
the 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); 
or  
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service; or 
 
(c) 
in the case of Exempt Notes, on such other basis as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as indicated in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes.  
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both.  
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer.  
If Floating Rate Notes provide for a rate of interest (or any 
component thereof) to be determined by reference to a 
reference rate and “Reference Rate Replacement” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable, upon such reference rate ceasing to exist or be 
published or the occurrence of another Benchmark Event 
in respect of such reference rate, then the Issuer shall use 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) with a view to the Issuer 
determining a successor or alternative reference rate for use 
in place of the original reference rate and in either case to 
determine an adjustment spread (in each case acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). If 
the Issuer is unable to appoint and consult an Independent 
Adviser or, following consultation with an Independent 
Adviser so appointed, it fails to determine a successor or 
alternative reference rate (as applicable), then the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) is permitted to make such determinations. See 
Condition 3.2(g) for further information.  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and will not bear interest.  
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Conditions of the Notes and this general description of the 
Programme, in which event the relevant provisions will be 
included in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate 
either that the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity or that such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the EEA or offered to the public in a member state of the 
EEA in circumstances which would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 or, where it is a Note to be 
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific 
segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have 
access, €1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amounts in such 
currency at the time of issue of such Notes).  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by any Tax Jurisdiction unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes is required by law, in which case 
such deduction will be made by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is 
required by law, the terms and conditions of the Notes do 
not require the Issuer to pay any additional amounts in 
respect of such withholding or deduction.  
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a cross default 
provision or any other events of default. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis and in 
accordance with the Swedish Covered Bond Issuance Act 
(Sw. lag (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda 
obligationer) (the Covered Bond Issuance Act). As such, 
the Notes will have the benefit of a priority right over the 
relevant Cover Pool upon bankruptcy of the Issuer.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
The Swedish Notes constitute unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. The Swedish Notes are obligations 
issued in accordance with the Covered Bond Issuance Act 
and rank pari passu in relation to the Swedish Cover Pool 
with all other obligations of the Issuer issued in accordance 
with the terms of the Covered Bond Issuance Act with the 
same priority in respect of the Swedish Cover Pool.  
 
The 
Norwegian 
Notes 
constitute 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. The Norwegian Notes are 
obligations issued in accordance with the Covered Bond 
Issuance Act and rank pari passu in relation to the 
Norwegian Cover Pool with all other obligations of the 
Issuer issued in accordance with the terms of the Covered 
Bond Issuance Act with the same priority in respect of the 
Norwegian Cover Pool.  
The Finnish Notes constitute unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. The Finnish Notes are obligations 
issued in accordance with the Covered Bond Issuance Act 
and rank pari passu in relation to the Finnish Cover Pool 
with all other obligations of the Issuer issued in accordance 
with the terms of the Covered Bond Issuance Act with the 
same priority in respect of the Finnish Cover Pool. 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether the Notes 
will have a statutory preferential right over the Swedish 
Cover Pool. the Norwegian Cover Pool or the Finnish 
Cover Pool; see also “Overview of the Swedish legislation 
regarding Covered Bonds” on pages 116 to 120.  
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
Aaa by Moody’s. Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.  
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes (other than Exempt 
Notes) issued under the Programme to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin.  
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued.  
 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement will state 
whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except 
for Condition 2, which will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Swedish law.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including, for these 
purposes, Sweden, France and Belgium), the UK, 
Switzerland, Singapore, Japan and such other restrictions 
as may be required in connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche of Notes; see “Subscription and 
Sale”.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
RISK FACTORS 
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur .  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent 
that the statements below regarding the risks of holding the Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular and reach their own 
views prior to making any investment decision.  
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme  
Economic and market risks 
Economic conditions in Sweden 
Stadshypotek is influenced by the economic conditions of the countries in which it operates, particularly 
Sweden, since, as at 30 June 2021, 86 per cent. of its lending is in Sweden.  
In recent years, several factors, including a shortage of housing and low interest rates, have led to a rapid 
increase in the volume of mortgage lending in Sweden, particularly for households. As a result, the level 
of indebtedness owed by Swedish households is at historically high levels. Households are therefore more 
sensitive to higher interest rates, loss of income and declining house prices. In June 2016, new amortisation 
requirements were introduced relating to mortgage loans as a way of reducing the risks associated with 
high household indebtedness and since 1 March 2018, households with mortgage debts exceeding 4.5 
times their gross income are subject to a further 1 per cent. amortisation requirement. However, in response 
to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (the SFSA) allowed banks and 
other providers of residential mortgages to grant a temporary moratorium on amortisation of mortgage 
loans until 31 August 2021. The temporary moratorium ceased on 1 September 2021. If new measures 
aimed at slowing or reducing the volume of mortgage lending in Sweden were introduced or if economic 
conditions in Sweden were to deteriorate, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
performance and therefore, its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Swedish real estate and mortgage market   
A significant portion of Stadshypotek’s operations are in Sweden and in the financial year ended 31 
December 2020, approximately 87 per cent. of Stadshypotek’s total income was derived from Sweden. 
The condition of the Swedish real estate mortgage market (particularly the private market) is closely 
related to the Swedish economic cycle. A decline in housing prices could result in certain mortgages being 
overvalued, which could in turn lead to increased levels of credit losses. Moreover, the financial strain 
imposed by increased household debt and increased mortgage payments could lead to higher default and 
delinquency rates. Competition in the Swedish mortgage market has increased in the last few years due to 
several new mortgage loan providers gaining a foothold in the market. This could make it difficult to 
maintain market share thereby affecting earnings, or potentially affect earnings should Stadshypotek need 
to reduce interest rates in order to maintain its market share.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
These factors as well as economic conditions more generally may adversely affect the real estate market 
in Sweden, which may in turn materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects and the Issuer’s ability to fulfill its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Global economic conditions  
The Issuer is affected by global market conditions, which can cause financial results to fluctuate from year 
to year as well as on a long-term basis. These conditions include economic cycles such as financial market 
cycles, including volatile movements in market prices and banking industry cycles, and disruptions in the 
regional and global economies or the free flow of goods and services, such as those caused by the outbreak 
and global spread of the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) discussed under “The outbreak and 
global spread of COVID-19 could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations and financial position” below. Fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates, monetary and 
fiscal policy, consumer and business spending, demographics, and competitive and other factors also 
influence the Issuer’s performance.  
Market conditions have also been, and are likely to continue to be, affected by concerns over increased 
geopolitical tensions and the effects of the outbreak and global spread of COVID-19. The global economy 
has been and is expected to continue to be adversely affected to a significant extent by COVID-19 and 
related counter-measures as discussed under “The outbreak and global spread of COVID-19 could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial position” below. 
In 2018, in preparation for the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (the Handelsbanken group) converted its UK branch structure to a subsidiary 
structure, which now operates under a license from the UK Prudential Regulation Authority. The 
Handelsbanken group had previously relied upon the EU passporting framework to operate in the UK 
under its Swedish banking license. On 31 January 2020, the UK formally withdrew from the EU (such 
withdrawal referred to herein as Brexit). Immediately following Brexit, a transition period came into effect 
which ended on 31 December 2020 (the Transition Period). On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK 
agreed on a trade and cooperation agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), which set out 
the principles of the relationship between the EU and the UK following the end of the Transition Period. 
The Trade and Cooperation Agreement, however, did not include agreements on certain areas such as 
financial services and data adequacy, although a further transitional period was agreed with respect to 
rules on the transfer of personal data between the EU and the UK until the end of June 2021. It is uncertain 
whether equivalence decisions or a trade agreement with respect to financial services between the EU and 
the UK will be reached. The impact of any such trade agreement, equivalence decisions or any other 
cooperation mechanisms on financial markets generally, the extent of legislative and regulatory 
convergence and regulatory cooperation that would be required between the UK and the EU Member 
States, as well as the level of access that may be granted to financial services firms across EU and UK 
markets is uncertain. The wider impact of Brexit on financial markets through market fragmentation, 
reduced access to finance and funding, and a lack of access to certain financial market infrastructure may 
affect the Handelsbanken group’s operations, financial condition and prospects and those of its customers 
and clients. 
While the longer term effects of Brexit are difficult to predict, there is ongoing political and economic 
uncertainty, which is likely to continue in the medium term and which could negatively affect the 
Handelsbanken group’s customers and clients and counterparties. There are also other potential longer 
term impacts resulting from Brexit which could impact the UK economy and the Handelsbanken group’s 
business such as increased calls for a second referendum on Scottish independence from the UK and 
instability in Northern Ireland if the current arrangements regarding the borders between the Republic of 
Ireland, Northern Ireland and Great Britain are called into further question. If one or more of these risks 
were to materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on the Handelsbanken group’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
The precise nature of all the risks and uncertainties the Issuer faces as a result of current economic 
conditions cannot be predicted and many of these risks are outside the control of the Issuer. However, 
market disruption and volatility may materially adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects and the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
 
The outbreak and global spread of COVID-19 could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations and financial position 
 
COVID-19, identified in China in late 2019, has spread throughout the world. On 11 March, 2020, the 
World Health Organization confirmed that its spread and severity had escalated to the point of a pandemic. 
The outbreak and global spread of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities, including those in the Nordic 
countries implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, 
curfews, lockdowns, quarantines and shutdowns of businesses and workplaces, and has led to materially 
increased volatility and declines in financial markets and significant worsening of the macroeconomic 
outlook. The duration of such restrictions is highly uncertain, but could be prolonged, and even stricter 
measures may be put in place. Such restrictions were put in place in many of the Issuer’s markets and 
some are still in place.  
 
The spread of COVID-19 has led the Handelsbanken group and Stadshypotek to modify its operational 
practices, and it may take further actions required by authorities or that it determines are in the best 
interests of its employees and customers. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to 
mitigate the risks posed by COVID-19, and the implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) 
could harm the Issuer’s ability to perform some of its critical functions and serve its customers. The 
pandemic and related counter-measures have affected and continue to affect some of the Issuer’s 
customers adversely, which in some cases may be material, which could in turn have an adverse impact 
on the Issuer (for example, through deteriorations in credit quality and higher impairments). In the 
jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates, national governments have implemented economic stimulus 
measures to provide financial support to parts of the economy most impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak.  
 
The full economic impact of COVID-19 is outside of the Issuer’s control and will depend on the continuing 
development of the virus, the response of government authorities and the global community, the efficacy 
with which vaccines are distributed and administered, and the extent to which administered vaccines are 
able to reduce the spread and impact of the virus. Although a number of vaccines are now available and 
offer the possibility of reducing the duration, and easing the scale and healthcare impact, of COVID-19, 
the degree to which COVID-19 continues to impact the Handelsbanken group’s results of operations, 
liquidity, access to funding and financial position will depend on future developments, which, as at the 
date of this Offering Circular, remain highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. These developments may 
include, but are not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, any mutations of the 
virus, actions taken to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, the extent and effectiveness of immunisation 
efforts, the extent and effectiveness of economic stimulus packages and how quickly and to what extent 
normal economic and operating conditions can resume. In the medium-to-long-term, if the spread of 
COVID-19 is prolonged further, or further diseases emerge that give rise to similar macroeconomic 
effects, macroeconomic conditions will continue to be adversely affected and could lead to further 
economic downturn in countries where the Handelsbanken group operates and the global economy more 
broadly (which could be widespread, severe and long-lasting). The ability of the Issuer’s customers to 
serve their contractual obligations, including to the Issuer, may also be materially adversely affected.  
 
The factors described above could, together or individually, have a material adverse effect on the business, 
results of operations, prospects, financial position , credit ratings and liquidity of the Issuer.   
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business 
The Issuer is exposed to a number of risks, and manages them at different organisational levels as further 
set out in the “Risk Management” section. The principal risks within such categories are described below:

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Credit risk and counterparty risk 
The Issuer has exposure to many customers as well as to Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
(Handelsbanken), its primary counterparty for derivative transactions. The credit quality of its customer 
and counterparty exposures can have a significant impact on its earnings. Since Stadshypotek makes 
secured loans to private and corporate customers and unsecured loans to state and municipal entities, its 
businesses are subject to inherent risks regarding the credit quality of, the recovery of loans to and amounts 
due from, customers and market counterparties as well as the risk that the collateral securing any such 
loans will be insufficient to cover the amount due.  
While Stadshypotek, directly or through the Handelsbanken group branch network, continuously reviews 
and analyses its loan portfolio and credit risks, uncertainties as to the economic outlook make it difficult 
to estimate Stadshypotek’s future credit losses. Accordingly, provisions for expected credit losses are 
difficult to predict.  
The inability to adequately assess the value of collateral or to reflect counterparty credit quality in interest 
rate pricing could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects and the Issuer’s ability to fulfill its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Market risk 
Interest rate risk for Stadshypotek arises when the rate adjustment periods for financial assets and liabilities 
or derivatives do not coincide. The Issuer uses interest rate swaps mainly to hedge against risks on its 
balance sheet. Long term funding may be shortened by using interest rate swaps, so that the interest rate 
adjustment period matches the short term lending at fixed and variable rates. Although derivative 
agreements entered into by the Issuer constitute a hedge against unfavourable changes in value in the 
mortgage group’s lending and borrowing portfolios, there can be no assurance that they will remain 
available or remain available at appropriate prices. 
Foreign exchange risk arises through funding being obtained by the Issuer in currencies other than Swedish 
Kronor, while lending is mainly conducted in Swedish Kronor. The Issuer has a commercial paper 
programme in the euro area (the Eurozone) and has issued bonds in various currencies under the 
Programme, bonds in U.S. dollars under the U.S. Medium Term Covered Bond Programme and bonds in 
Australian dollar under its AUD Medium Term Covered Bond Programme, the majority of which were 
converted into Swedish Kronor through cross-currency swaps and used in the Swedish operations.  
Despite the risk management measures in place, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will always be 
able to reduce interest risk and foreign exchange risk in connection with its funding by matching interest 
rate and cross currency swaps. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk resulting from a difference between the maturities of assets and liabilities, which 
may result in Stadshypotek being unable to meet its obligations in a timely manner without experiencing 
unacceptable costs or losses. Stadshypotek is dependent on the debt capital market for its funding and also 
receives funding from Handelsbanken. In addition, part of Handelsbanken’s liquidity surplus in Swedish 
Kronor is transferred daily to Stadshypotek to finance Stadshypotek’s variable rate lending.  
If conditions in the debt capital market were to deteriorate and/or if Handelsbanken should materially 
reduce its support to Stadshypotek or if it is no longer in a position to transfer its liquidity surplus to 
Stadshypotek, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects and the Issuer’s ability to fulfill its obligations under the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Operational risk 
The operational risks that the Issuer faces include the possibility of inadequate or failed internal or external 
processes or systems, human error, regulatory breaches, employee misconduct or external events, such as 
fraud. These events could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects of the Issuer and its ability to fulfill its obligations under the Covered Bonds, as 
well as harm the reputation of the Issuer. 
The business of the Issuer inherently generates operational risks. The Issuer’s business is dependent on 
processing a large number of complex transactions and is subject to a variety of legal and regulatory 
regimes. The recording and processing of these transactions are potentially exposed to the risk of human 
or technological errors or a breakdown in internal controls relating to the due authorisation of transactions.  
Responsibility for the identification, management and control of operational risk in the Handelsbanken 
group (including Stadshypotek) is an integrated part of managerial responsibility. Given the Issuer’s high 
volume of transactions, errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified 
and there can be no assurance that risk assessments made in advance will adequately estimate the costs of 
these errors. There is no guarantee that the procedures will always be effective in controlling each of the 
operational risks. 
Failure of the Issuer to manage the abovementioned risks could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, results of operations, financial condition, credit ratings and prospects of the Issuer and the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfill its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
See “The outbreak and global spread of COVID-19 could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations and financial position” above for further details.  
Reliance on Handelsbanken 
Stadshypotek relies on Handelsbanken for funding and other types of support relating to Stadshypotek’s 
financial management, credit policies and risk management, amongst others. For example, Stadshypotek 
does not have an independent distribution network and lending is carried out through the Handelsbanken 
group’s branch network. In addition, part of Handelsbanken’s liquidity surplus in Swedish Kronor is 
transferred daily to Stadshypotek to finance Stadshypotek’s variable rate lending. Moreover, 
Stadshypotek’s lending at short term fixed rates is partly funded by Handelsbanken in the international 
capital markets and is then lent on to Stadshypotek at market rates. 
If Handelsbanken should materially reduce such support to Stadshypotek or if it is no longer in a position 
to transfer its liquidity surplus to Stadshypotek, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects and the Issuer’s ability to fulfill its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Legal and Regulatory risks 
The Handelsbanken group’s business could be adversely affected by adverse changes in tax legislation 
The Handelsbanken group’s activities are subject to tax at various rates in the jurisdictions in which it 
operates and are computed in accordance with local legislation and practice. Revisions to tax legislation, 
such as a proposal by the Swedish government relating to increased taxes on banks, or to such legislation’s 
interpretation, may have an adverse effect on the Handelsbanken group’s financial condition. Future 
changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies are unpredictable and beyond the control of the 
Handelsbanken group and could materially adversely affect the Handelsbanken group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. For instance, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive (EU) 2016/1164 
(ATAD) and Directive (EU) 2017/952 amending Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (ATAD II) may require EU 
Member States to amend their tax legislation or taxation practices and to implement, among other things,

--- Page 22 ---
22 
exit tax rules, limitations on the right to deduct interest expense and controlled foreign company rules, as 
well as rules with regard to hybrid mismatches. Sweden has implemented new rules and amended its tax 
legislation to implement ATAD and ATAD II. For example, the Swedish rules on interest deduction 
limitations have been amended and a new 30 per cent. tax EBITDA rule has been implemented. In addition 
to an existing hybrid mismatch rule (which entered into force in 2016), a new hybrid mismatch rule has 
been implemented following ATAD and ATAD II. Furthermore, the Swedish government has proposed 
amendments covering reverse hybrid mismatches, which has entered into force 1 July 2021. In addition, 
in late 2020, the Swedish government proposed a “risk tax” for credit institutions applicable for fiscal 
years beginning after 31 December, 2021 (5 basis points for the fiscal years beginning during 2022 and 6 
basis points for fiscal years beginning during 2023). Institutions subject to the risk tax include credit 
institutions with total liabilities exceeding SEK 150 billion in domestic activities. The expected tax 
revenue for the Swedish state is SEK 6 billion per year (SEK 5 billion in 2022) and would in practice, if 
implemented, be split among the major Swedish banks. The final proposal for the law was published in 
October 2021; however, it is uncertain whether the proposal will be implemented. The Swedish Bankers’ 
Association has filed a complaint with the European Commission as the organisation believes the proposed 
legislation to be incompatible with the EU rules on state aid. Further amendments related to ATAD or 
ATAD II, or the implementation of the “risk tax”, could increase the Handelsbanken group’s tax burden, 
and may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of 
the Handelsbanken group or the Issuer’s ability to fulfill its obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer may be adversely affected by significant adverse regulatory developments  
The Issuer’s business is subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, including the effects 
of changes in the laws, regulations, policies and/or their respective interpretations in Sweden and the 
European Union (such changes are described in the sections entitled “Description of the Issuer – Capital 
Adequacy” and “Overview of the Swedish Legislation regarding Covered Bonds”). Such regulatory 
developments may result in enhanced liquidity requirements for the Handelsbanken group and/or 
operational and cost restrictions on the Issuer, and new legal requirements for issuing covered bonds. Laws 
and regulations and the manner in which laws and regulations are enforced or interpreted, both of which 
are unpredictable and beyond the control of the Issuer, could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
results of operations or financial condition of the Issuer or the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features:  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert that interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on the other Notes. Where the 
Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on 
those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities.  
Extendable obligations under the Notes  
The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) may provide that an 
Extended Maturity Date (as defined below) applies to a Series of Notes.  
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes from the Maturity Date to 
the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or take 
action against the Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the Noteholders in that event other than as set 
out in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” as completed by the applicable Final Terms, or as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks (such as, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, 
a Reference Rate) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on 
the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or

--- Page 24 ---
24 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level 
of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the ongoing national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, among other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such reforms may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) triggering changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of national or 
international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, 
a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)), such as EURIBOR, becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as described in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements may result in any Notes linked to 
or referencing such benchmark performing differently than they would if the relevant benchmark were to 
continue to apply in its current form. No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with 
effecting any relevant fallback arrangements. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the 
rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen 
Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor reference rates and 
alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of relevant Notes, the Issuer, following 
consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), will have discretion to adjust the 
relevant successor reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described 
above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no 
assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be 
favourable to each Noteholder. 
The market continues to develop in relation to the use of SONIA and SOFR as reference rates

--- Page 25 ---
25 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, where the Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being determined by reference to 
SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of either a compounded daily rate 
or a weighted average rate or by reference to a specific index (as further described in the Terms and 
Conditions). In either case, such rate will differ from interbank offered rates, such as EURIBOR, in a 
number of material respects, including (without limitation) that a compounded daily rate or weighted 
average rate will be determined by reference to backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rates, whereas an 
interbank offered rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element 
based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that overnight rates, such as SONIA and 
SOFR, may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the Programme 
compared to interbank offered rates, such as EURIBOR. The use of SONIA or SOFR as a reference rate 
for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the 
calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
bonds referencing such reference rates. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates in the capital markets and 
their adoption as an alternative to interbank offered rates. For example, whether backwards-looking rates 
are ultimately determined on a compounding daily basis or a weighted average basis, and whether forward-
looking ‘term’ rates derived from SONIA or SOFR will be developed and adopted by the markets, remains 
to be seen. The adoption of SONIA or SOFR may also see component inputs into swap rates or other 
composite rates transferring from LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA or SOFR, as applicable. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as applicable to Notes referencing 
a SONIA or SOFR rate that are issued under this Offering Circular. In addition, the methodology for 
determining any overnight rate index by reference to which the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes 
may be calculated could change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue 
Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous SONIA- or SOFR-referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The 
nascent development of SONIA and SOFR as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well 
as continued development of SONIA and SOFR rates for such market and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the 
market price of any SONIA- or SOFR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It may be difficult for investors in such Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will 
be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes based on an interbank offered rate, if Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR are 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in 
respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become 
due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA and SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between 
the adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal 
of Notes referencing either such rate.  
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Risks related to Notes generally  
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
No Due Diligence  
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor will they undertake, any investigations, searches 
or other actions in respect of the loans and other assets contained or to be contained in the relevant Cover 
Pool, but will instead rely on the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bond Issuance Act.  
Limited Description of the Portfolio  
Noteholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the loans and other assets 
contained or to be contained in the relevant Cover Pool, as it is expected that the constitution of such Cover 
Pool may change from time to time due to, for example, the purchase of further loans by the Issuer from 
time to time.  
Legal risks  
The Issuer’s business operations are governed by laws and regulations and are subject to supervision by 
regulatory authorities. Any changes to the current legislation, regulations or regulatory supervision might 
affect the Issuer’s business operations and its operating results.  
No gross-up  
Under the terms and conditions of the Notes, all payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes is required by law, in which case such deduction will be made by or on behalf 
of the Issuer.  
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required by law, the terms and conditions of the 
Notes do not require the Issuer to pay any additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction.  
No events of default  
The terms and conditions of the Notes do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, the 
occurrence of which would entitle Noteholders or the Trustee to accelerate the Notes, and it is envisaged 
that Noteholders will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Notes as and when they fall 
due under the terms and conditions of the Notes.  
Non-compliance with matching rules  
The Covered Bond Issuance Act contains matching rules which, inter alia, prescribe that the nominal 
value of the relevant Cover Pool must at all times exceed the total nominal value of the claims that may 
be brought against the Issuer under Covered Bonds issued by it in respect of the relevant Cover Pool.  
Should the market value of the property (for example real property) forming the security for the loans in 
a Cover Pool decline substantially, such loan shall be ascribed a new, lower value in such Cover Pool. 
Should the Issuer at such time be unable to add new assets to such Cover Pool, this may result in the 
matching rules not being fulfilled.  
In the event that the Issuer is declared bankrupt and there is non-compliance with the matching rules that 
is not merely temporary, upon the bankruptcy of the Issuer this should lead to the receiver of the Issuer 
ceasing to maintain the relevant Cover Pool intact and separated from the insolvency estate. This may, in

--- Page 27 ---
27 
turn, result in the holders of Notes ceasing to obtain payment from such Cover Pool in accordance with 
the terms of the Notes. As regards the assets comprising the relevant Cover Pool, the holders of Notes 
would, instead, be treated as creditors of the Issuer with rights of priority in respect of the assets comprising 
the relevant Cover Pool and would be entitled to receive payment in the form of dividends in the 
bankruptcy. This may result in holders of Notes not receiving payment when due and/or not receiving 
payment in full in respect of outstanding Notes from the proceeds from liquidation of the assets comprising 
the relevant Cover Pool.  
To the extent that holders of Covered Bonds are not fully paid from the proceeds from the liquidation of 
the assets comprising a Cover Pool to which their Covered Bonds related, holders of Covered Bonds will 
be entitled to prove their claims as unsecured creditors of the Issuer. They are thereby entitled to receive 
payment from the proceeds from the liquidation of the Issuer’s assets, beyond those which comprised such 
Cover Pool. In such case, holders of Covered Bonds shall rank, from a rights of priority perspective, pari 
passu with the Issuer’s other unsecured creditors.  
Conflicting interests of other creditors  
In the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, the Covered Bond Issuance Act does not give clear guidance on 
certain issues. This may lead to a conflict between the Noteholders, holders of any other Covered Bonds 
and counterparties to derivative agreements, on the one hand, and other creditors of the Issuer on the other 
hand. Examples of such issues include (a) how proceeds from a loan partly registered to a Cover Pool 
should be distributed between the portion of such loan registered to a Cover Pool and the portion of such 
loan not registered to such Cover Pool, and (b) how the proceeds of enforcement of a mortgage certificate 
should be distributed if this serves as collateral for two different loans ranking pari passu in the mortgage 
certificate where one such loan is not wholly or partly registered to a Cover Pool. The lack of clear 
guidance on these and similar issues may lead to unsecured creditors arguing that part of the proceeds 
from a loan and/or mortgage certificate should not be included in such Cover Pool or to any creditors with 
loans that rank pari passu in a mortgage certificate which also serves as collateral for a loan registered to 
a Cover Pool arguing that part of the proceeds from such mortgage certificate should not be included in a 
Cover Pool.  
The assets that are not included in a Cover Pool will be available to meet the claims of holders of Covered 
Bonds through dividends in the bankruptcy (advance and/or final) if the assets in a Cover Pool are 
insufficient to pay the claims of the holders of Covered Bonds in respect of such Cover Pool in full. 
Levy of execution on the assets in the Cover Pools  
Although the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)) (the Rights of Priority 
Act) prescribes that a special right of priority applies upon both bankruptcy and levy of execution, it has 
been argued with considerable authority that, as the Swedish Enforcement Code (Sw. utsökningsbalken 
(1981:774)) does not protect the special right of priority of a holder of Covered Bonds in competition with 
another creditor seeking execution, such a creditor may, through levy of execution, obtain a right which 
is superior to the right of priority accorded to holders of Covered Bonds under the Rights of Priority Act. 
Such preference right may be challenged by a bankruptcy administrator and be voidable if the preference 
was obtained within three months prior to the commencement of the Issuer’s bankruptcy proceedings on 
the basis that such creditor has been preferred over the covered bondholders and the Issuer’s ordinary 
creditors. If such challenge is not made this could ultimately result in a reduction in the return to the 
holders of Notes.  
Payment of advance dividends post-bankruptcy of the Issuer  
In the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, a receiver of the Issuer could, under certain circumstances, 
make payment of advance dividends to creditors other than holders of Covered Bonds and counterparties 
to derivatives agreements, using funds derived from a Cover Pool. Such a payment of advance dividends

--- Page 28 ---
28 
could result in Noteholders not being paid in accordance with the Conditions. It is however likely that a 
receiver, or ultimately a court, would only authorise such advance payments using funds derived from a 
Cover Pool if satisfied that a Cover Pool contained significantly more assets than necessary to fulfil the 
Issuer’s contractual obligations to make payment and/or dividends to Noteholders, holders of any other 
Covered Bonds and counterparties to derivatives agreements.  
Additionally, the Issuer’s estate would be entitled to have any advance dividends repaid should a Cover 
Pool subsequently prove to contain insufficient funds to make payments to Noteholders, holders of any 
other Covered Bonds and counterparties to derivatives agreements as a result of the payment of advance 
dividends. The right to recover advance dividends may also be secured through the issuance of a bank 
guarantee or equivalent security pursuant to the Swedish Insolvency Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)).  
Applicable law  
Generally, the law applicable to the assets in the relevant Cover Pool is the law of the jurisdiction where 
the relevant asset is located. Although the Notes are subject to the Covered Bond Issuance Act and the 
majority of the assets included in the Swedish Cover Pool are governed by Swedish law, other assets 
included in the Swedish Cover Pool as well as the assets included in the Norwegian Cover Pool and the 
Finnish Cover Pool used to collateralise the Notes, as applicable, may be governed by the laws and 
regulations of a number of different jurisdictions. To the extent that such laws may restrict, limit, hinder 
or even prohibit certain actions in respect of the enforcement of the eligible assets in the relevant Cover 
Pool, there is a risk that the ability of a bankruptcy administrator to realise the assets in the relevant Cover 
Pool may be delayed or may result in an increase in the costs of enforcement. This may, ultimately, result 
in a delay in the liquidation of the bankruptcy estate and a reduced return to the Noteholders.  
Modification and waivers  
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and 
without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes, in the circumstances 
described in Condition 13 of the Notes.  
Change of law and establishment of case law  
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law or, as provided in Condition 2, Swedish law, in each 
case in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of 
any possible judicial decision or change to English and/or Swedish law or administrative practice after the 
date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any 
Notes affected by it.  
The Covered Bond Issuance Act entered into force in Sweden in 2004 and there is no case law on it. It is 
thus uncertain how certain provisions of the Covered Bond Issuance Act shall be interpreted or whether 
future changes or amendments will be made to it which will affect Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes  
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more integral higher multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without 
first purchasing a principal amount of Notes sufficient to ensure that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.  
Enforceability of judgments 
The Issuer has submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England in the conditions of the Notes. A 
judgment entered against a company incorporated in Sweden in the courts of a state which is not under 
the terms of (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial 
matters (the 2012 Brussels Regulation), (ii) Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of 22 December 2000 
on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the 
2000 Brussels Regulation), or (iii) the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement 
of judgments in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano 
Convention), a Member State (as defined in the 2012 Brussels Regulation and the 2000 Brussels 
Regulation) or a Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or 
enforceable in Sweden as a matter of law without a retrial on its merits (but will, if submitted, be regarded 
as a matter of evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates before the courts of law, 
administrative tribunals or executive or other public authorities of Sweden, and a Swedish court has full 
discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio). The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 at 11 pm (UK time) and 
the EU single market on 31 December 2020. As a result, an English court judgment entered against the 
Issuer in relation to the Notes will neither be recognised nor be enforceable in Sweden (absent any 
replacement arrangements being put in place) and the Noteholders would be required to re-litigate in the 
courts of Sweden. The UK has applied to join the Lugano Convention in its own right which is still subject 
to approval from the EU. However, the European Commission has on 4 May 2021 communicated that it 
considers that the EU should not give its consent to the accession of the UK to the Lugano Convention. 
Harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework 
The EU’s directive for the harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework, Directive 2019/2162/EU 
(the Covered Bond Directive), entered into force on 8 January 2020. The national transposition period 
for implementing the directive into national law expired on 8 July 2021 and the national measures shall 
be applied starting at the latest from 8 July 2022. The aim of the Covered Bond Directive is to implement 
a harmonised framework for covered bonds across Europe, where the definition of a covered bond in all 
jurisdictions is the same. An official report of the Swedish Government (SOU 2020:61 Ändrade regler om 
säkerställda obligationer) including proposals for the necessary changes to the Swedish legislative 
framework on covered bonds was published on 4 November 2020 (the Covered Bond Report). However, 
the Covered Bond Report does not yet constitute a final proposal and therefore it remains unclear how the 
Covered Bond Directive will be implemented into Swedish legislation. Therefore, there can be no

--- Page 30 ---
30 
assurances or predictions made as to the precise effect of the new regime on the Notes (for further 
information on the contents of the Covered Bond Report, see “Overview of the Swedish legislation 
regarding Covered Bonds – A new legislative framework on Covered Bonds”). 
Risks related to the market generally  
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, foreign exchange risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:  
The secondary market generally  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in the financial markets. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the 
case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary 
market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse 
effect on the market value of Notes.  
Foreign exchange risks and exchange controls  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal.  
Interest rate risks with regard to Fixed Rate Notes  
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.  
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.   
If any credit rating agency revises, suspends, withdraws or downgrades the credit ratings of the Issuer or 
the Notes, or if such revision, suspension, withdrawal or downgrade is anticipated (or any credit rating 
agency places the credit ratings of the Issuer or, if applicable, the Notes on “credit watch” status in

--- Page 31 ---
31 
contemplation of a revision, suspension, withdrawal or downgrade), whether as a result of the factors 
described above or otherwise, such event could adversely affect the liquidity or market value of the Notes 
(whether or not the Notes had an assigned rating prior to such event).

--- Page 32 ---
32 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published, and have been filed with the Central 
Bank, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report which contains the auditors' report and audited non-consolidated 
annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 which 
can be viewed online at:  
https://vp292.alertir.com/sites/default/files/report/stadshypotek_annual_report_2020.pdf; 
(b) 
the Issuer’s 2019 Annual Report which contains the auditors' report and audited non-consolidated 
annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 which 
can be viewed online at:  
https://vp292.alertir.com/sites/default/files/report/stadshypotek_annual_report_2019.pdf; 
(c) 
the unaudited interim non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 which can be viewed online at: 
https://vp292.alertir.com/sites/default/files/report/stadshypotek_interim_report_january_june_20
21.pdf; 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 66 to 109 of the Offering Circular dated 
26 November 2020, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 64 to 103 of the 
Offering Circular dated 28 November 2019, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on 
pages 61 to 90 of the Offering Circular dated 28 November 2018, pages 56 to 80 of the Offering 
Circular dated 28 November 2017, pages 53 to 77 of the Offering Circular dated 28 November 
2016, pages 54 to 78 of the Offering Circular dated 26 November 2015, pages 38 to 57 of the 
Offering Circular dated 6 December 2013 and pages 34 to 53 of the Offering Circular dated 2 
December 2010 which can be viewed online at:  
https://vp306.alertir.com/sites/default/files/offering_circular_26_november_2020.pdf 
https://vp292.alertir.com/sites/default/files/offering_circular_28_november_2019.pdf;  
https://vp292.alertir.com/sites/default/files/offering_circular_28_november_2018_pdf.pdf;  
https://www.handelsbanken.com/shb/inet/icentsv.nsf/vlookuppics/a_spara_och_placera_offering
_circular_28_nov_2017/$file/offering_circular_28_nov_2017.pdf; 
https://www.handelsbanken.com/shb/inet/icentsv.nsf/vlookuppics/a_spara_och_placera_offering
_circular__28_november_2016/$file/offering_circular_28_nov_2016.pdf; 
http://www.handelsbanken.se/shb/inet/icentsv.nsf/vlookuppics/investor_relations_en_hs_emtcn_
offering_circular_26nov15/$file/offering_circular_stadshypotek_emtcn_26_nov_2015.pdf; 
https://vp292.alertir.com/sites/default/files/offering_circular_6_december_2013_pdf.pdf; and 
https://vp292.alertir.com/sites/default/files/offering_circular_2_december_2010_pdf.pdf. 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall,

--- Page 33 ---
33 
to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular.  
Any documents themselves incorporated by references in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular.  
Any information set out in the non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference is not 
relevant for investors in the Notes.  
Certain information incorporated by reference includes “Alternative Performance Measures”, as defined 
in the guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (Alternative Performance 
Measures). The information regarding Alternative Performance Measures is included on pages 83 to 84 
of the Issuer’s annual report and audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and on pages 7 and 32 of the unaudited interim non-
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended 30 June 2021. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a global note (a 
Global Note) which will:  
(i) 
if the Global Note is intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and  
(ii) 
if the Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Where the Global Note issued in respect of any Tranche is in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not such Global Note is intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Note is to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Global Note if the Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for 
certification.  
A Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, 
where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business 
or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (ii) the 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences, resulting from changes to Swedish 
legislation, which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Global Note in definitive form. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice 
to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall 
occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent.  
Tranches of Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be 
continuing.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated 
by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event a new Offering Circular will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [The target 
market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the 
amounts invested]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case 
the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 / EUWA]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [The target market assessment indicates 
that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are [fully risk 
averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]]. Any 
[person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) / distributor] should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and 
retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)/MiFID II]; EITHER 
[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [The target market assessment 
indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are 
[fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts 
invested]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable].] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
[EUWA / European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA)], and eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (UK 
MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [The target market assessment 
indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which are 
[fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts 
invested]]. Any [distributor / person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor)] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the classification 
of the Notes to be [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018)] [and] [Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]3 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which (1) have a denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) or more, and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated 
market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
[date] 
STADSHYPOTEK AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300UOX05QGUJJ5707 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an 
EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered 
or sold to non-qualified investors.]4 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Offering Circular dated 30 November 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [        ] [and [        ]] (the 
Offering Circular) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
                                                     
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018) and/or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
4  
Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will 
only be admitted to trading on a EEA member state regulated market, or a specific segment of a EEA member state regulated market, 
to which only qualified investors can have access.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular dated [     ], which Conditions are incorporated by reference 
in the Offering Circular dated 30 November 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) and must 
be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 30 November 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [  ] [and [    ]] (the Offering Circular) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Offering 
Circular, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other information consideration should be given as to whether such information 
constitutes “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Offering 
Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Stadshypotek AB (publ) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[       ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[       ] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series) 
(c) 
Relevant Cover Pool: 
[Swedish 
Cover 
Pool/Norwegian 
Cover 
Pool/Finnish Cover Pool] 
(d) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [the 
Issue Date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[       ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[       ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[       ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[        ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [Insert Date]] [(if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[        ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) unless they are to be 
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or 
a specific segment of a regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors have access)

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
(N.B. 
Where 
multiple 
denominations 
above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[        ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[        ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/floating rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]] [(NB: The Maturity Date should not be less 
than one year after the Issue Date)]] 
9. 
(a) 
Extended Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[        ] 
 
In accordance with the Conditions, if the Issuer fails 
to redeem the Notes in full on the Maturity Date or 
within two Business Days thereafter, the maturity of 
the principal amount outstanding of the Notes will 
automatically be extended up to one year to the 
Extended Maturity Date without constituting an 
event of default or giving holders of the Notes any 
right to accelerate payments on the Notes. In that 
event, the interest rate payable on, and the interest 
periods and Interest Payment Dates, in respect of the 
Notes, will change from those that applied up to the 
Maturity Date and the Issuer may redeem all or part 
of the principal amount outstanding of those Notes 
on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month 
after the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, all in accordance with the 
Conditions. See Conditions 3.3 and 5.6.]  
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date:] 
 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR] 
[SONIA/SOFR] +/- [        ] per cent. 
 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [15/16/18] below) 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended 
Maturity Date (if applicable): 
 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR] 
[SONIA/SOFR] +/- [        ] per cent. 
 
Floating Rate] 
 
(see paragraph 17 below)] 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 and 
16 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
13. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call 
 
(see paragraph 19 below)] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[date][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable for the period to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[        ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see 
Condition 
3.1): 
 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (in relation to 
Notes in global form see 
Condition 
3.1): 
 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [        ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable for the period to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[        ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[        ] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[        ] (the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining limbs of sub-
paragraph) 
- 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
Rate/Weighted 
Average 
Rate/Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Lock-out is only applicable where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR) 
- 
Lag 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[5/[        ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5/[        ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
- 
D: 
[365/360/[        ]] days 
 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(‘Index Determination’ should only be specified as 
‘Applicable’ if the ‘Calculation Method’ is specified 
as 
‘Compounded 
Daily 
Rate’, 
If 
‘Index 
Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number of 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the bullets under ‘Calculation 
Method’ should be specified as ‘Not Applicable’.) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete 
‘Relevant Number’) 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[[5/[ ]] [[London Business Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR) 
 
Reference Rate and 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [SONIA]/[SOFR]/[        ] month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/[   
     ]/Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Time: 
[[        ] in the Relevant Financial Centre][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[As specified in Condition 3.2(b)(ii)] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period]  
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
[       ] days prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Copenhagen business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period]] 
 
[In respect of an Interest Period, the day falling [5]/ 
[        ] Relevant Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date (or, if applicable, other due date for 
payment of interest) for such Interest Period] 
 
[     ] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Reference Rate Replacement will be not 
applicable where ARRC Fallbacks are applicable) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[        ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[        ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[        ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall

--- Page 45 ---
45 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation of [        ] 
and [        ]] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [        ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Extended Maturity Interest Provisions 
[Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date 
to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date (if 
applicable)] [Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Fixed Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[        ] in each month up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
coupons which are not on a monthly basis) 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive 
form 
(in 
relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Condition 3.1): 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form 
(in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Condition 3.1): 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [        ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration) 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(b) 
Floating Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[        ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below /, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[       ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[        ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(vi) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining limbs of sub-
paragraph) 
- 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
Rate/Weighted 
Average 
Rate/Not Applicable]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
- 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Lock-out is only applicable where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR) 
- 
Lag Look-Back 
Period: 
[5/[        ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[        ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
- 
D: 
[365/360/[        ]] days 
 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(‘Index Determination’ should only be specified as 
‘Applicable’ if the ‘Calculation Method’ is specified 
as 
‘Compounded 
Daily 
Rate’, 
If 
‘Index 
Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number of 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the bullets under ‘Calculation 
Method’ should be specified as ‘Not Applicable’.) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete 
‘Relevant Number’) 
- 
Relevant 
Number: 
[[5/[ ]] [[London Business Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR) 
 
Reference Rate 
and Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [SONIA]/[SOFR]/[        ] month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR] 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/N
ot Applicable] 
 
Specified 
Time: 
[[        ] in the Relevant Financial Centre][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[As specified in Condition 3.2(b)(ii)] 
 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period]  
 
[Second Copenhagen business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period]] 
 
[[        ] days prior to the start of each Interest 
Period]  
 
[In respect of an Interest Period, the day falling [5]/ 
[        ] Relevant Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date (or, if applicable, other due date for 
payment of interest) for such Interest Period] 
 
[        ] 
 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[        ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
Reference Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Reference Rate Replacement will be not 
applicable where ARRC Fallbacks are applicable) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate 
Option:  
[       ] 
 
Designated 
Maturity:  
[       ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[       ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation of [        ] 
and [        ]] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [        ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum  
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360  
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]  
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[        ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to late payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [        ] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraphs 16(c) and 17(b)(iii) relate)

--- Page 50 ---
50 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No]  
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market and for listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin] of the Notes described 
herein pursuant to the listing of the €20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme of 
Stadshypotek AB (publ).  
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]  
Signed on behalf of Stadshypotek AB (publ):  
 
By:  
Duly authorised

--- Page 51 ---
51 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
Application [has been/is expected to be] made for 
the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin. 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
Application [has been/is expected to be] made for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect 
from, or from around, [        ]. 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated:][The following rating[s] reflect[s] 
ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under 
the Programme generally:] 
 
[insert details] by [insert legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the [European 
Union / United Kingdom] and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
[[including] as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the [EUWA / European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]].] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to [[        ] (the Managers)/the Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes/[   ]] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Offering 
Circular – if reasons for the offer are different 
from general corporate purposes, will need to 
include those reasons here) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[       ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[       ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable] [        ] 
(iv) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[        ] 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
[(vi) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
(vii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(viii) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
2; 
TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the offer of the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the offer of the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.)

--- Page 54 ---
54 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 55 ---
55 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation (where Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II/UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – [appropriate target 
market legend to be included]]    
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the classification 
of the Notes to be [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018)] [and] [Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]3 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplements if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, 
in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplements if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018) and/or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment

--- Page 56 ---
56 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR 
THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[        ] 
STADSHYPOTEK AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300UOX05QGUJJ5707 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 30 November 2021 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [        ] [and[        ]] (the Offering Circular). Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the 
Offering Circular. Copies of the Offering Circular may be obtained from [        ]. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular dated [        ], which Conditions are incorporated by 
reference in the Offering Circular dated 30 November 2021.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Stadshypotek AB (publ) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[       ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[       ] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series) 
(c) 
Relevant Cover Pool: 
[Swedish 
Cover 
Pool/Norwegian 
Cover 
Pool/Finnish Cover Pool] 
(d) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [the 
Issue Date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[      ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[      ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[      ] 
                                                     
Products). Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the 
Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[        ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[        ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest common 
factor. Note: There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/Floating rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]] 
9. 
(a) 
Extended Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[        ] 
 
In accordance with the Conditions, if the Issuer fails 
to redeem the Notes in full on the Maturity Date or 
within two Business Days thereafter, the maturity 
of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
will automatically be extended up to one year to the 
Extended Maturity Date without constituting an 
event of default or giving holders of the Notes any 
right to accelerate payments on the Notes. In that 
event, the interest rate payable on, and the interest 
periods and Interest Payment Dates, in respect of 
the Notes, will change from those that applied up to 
the Maturity Date and the Issuer may redeem all or 
part of the principal amount outstanding of those 
Notes on an Interest Payment Date falling in any 
month after the Maturity Date up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date, all in accordance with 
the Conditions. See Conditions 3.3 and 5.6.]  
 
[Not Applicable] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date:] [[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR] 
[SONIA/SOFR] +/- [        ] per cent. 
 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [15/16/18] below) 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended 
Maturity Date (if applicable): 
 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR] 
[SONIA/SOFR] +/- [        ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
(see paragraph 17 below)] 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Notes 
into 
another 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis][Not Applicable] 
13. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call 
 
(see paragraph 19 below)] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[      ][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[      ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Condition 3.1): 
[      ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (in relation to 
Notes in global form see 
Condition 3.1): 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [       ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon]  
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[        ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify other]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[      ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining limbs of sub-
paragraph)

--- Page 60 ---
60 
- 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
Rate/Weighted 
Average 
Rate/Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Lock-out is only applicable where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR) 
- 
Lag 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[5/[        ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5/[        ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
- 
D: 
[365/360/[        ]] days 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(‘Index Determination’ should only be specified as 
‘Applicable’ if the ‘Calculation Method’ is specified 
as 
‘Compounded 
Daily 
Rate’, 
If 
‘Index 
Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number of 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the bullets under ‘Calculation 
Method’ should be specified as ‘Not Applicable’.) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete 
‘Relevant Number’) 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[[5/[ ]] [[London Business Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
ARRC Fallbacks 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR) 
 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [SONIA]/[SOFR]/[        ] month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR] 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/N
ot Applicable] 
 
Specified Time: 
[[        ] in the Relevant Financial Centre][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[As specified in Condition 3.2(b)(ii)] 
 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
[Second Copenhagen business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period]] 
 
[[        ] days prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
 
[In respect of an Interest Period, the day falling [5]/ 
[        ] Relevant Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date (or, if applicable, other due date for 
payment of interest) for such Interest Period] 
 
[        ] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Reference Rate Replacement will be not 
applicable where ARRC Fallbacks are applicable) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[        ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[        ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[        ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation of [        ] 
and [        ]] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [        ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Extended Maturity Interest Provisions 
[Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date 
to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date (if 
applicable)] [Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Fixed Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date  
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[        ] in each month up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
coupons which are not on a monthly basis) 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive 
form 
(in 
relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Condition 3.1): 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form 
(in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Condition 3.1): 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [       ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration) 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(b) 
Floating Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[        ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below /, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(ii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[        ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[        ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(vi) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining limbs of sub-
paragraph) 
- 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded 
Daily 
Rate/Weighted 
Average 
Rate/Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Lock-out is only applicable where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR) 
- 
Lag Look-Back 
Period: 
[5/[        ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[        ] Relevant Business Days][Not Applicable] 
- 
D: 
[365/360/[        ]] days 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(‘Index Determination’ should only be specified as 
‘Applicable’ if the ‘Calculation Method’ is specified 
as 
‘Compounded 
Daily 
Rate’, 
If 
‘Index 
Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number of

--- Page 64 ---
64 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the bullets under ‘Calculation 
Method’ should be specified as ‘Not Applicable’.) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete 
‘Relevant Number’) 
- 
Relevant 
Number: 
[[5/[ ]] [[London Business Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR) 
 
Reference Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [SONIA]/[SOFR]/[        ] month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR] 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen][
Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Time:  [[        ] in the Relevant Financial Centre][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[As specified in Condition 3.2(b)(ii)] 
 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
[Second Copenhagen business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period]] 
 
[[        ] days prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] [        ] 
 
[In respect of an Interest Period, the day falling [5]/ 
[        ] Relevant Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date (or, if applicable, other due date for 
payment of interest) for such Interest Period] 
 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[        ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
Reference Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(N.B. Reference Rate Replacement will be not 
applicable where ARRC Fallbacks are applicable) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[        ] 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[        ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[        ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation of [        ] 
and [        ]] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [        ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to late payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 66 ---
66 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[      ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[        ] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
only upon an Exchange Event 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in 
the “Form of the Notes” section in the Offering 
Circular and the Notes themselves.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [        ] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
subparagraphs 16(c) and 17(b)(iii) relates) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
24. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable] [        ] 
 
PURPOSE OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
The Pricing Supplement comprises the pricing supplement required for issue of the Notes described herein 
pursuant to the listing of the €20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme of 
Stadshypotek AB (publ). 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from

--- Page 67 ---
67 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]  
 
Signed on behalf of Stadshypotek AB (publ):  
 
By:  
Duly authorised

--- Page 68 ---
68 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading [[has been]/[is expected to be]] made to 
[     ]: 
 
Date from which admission is effective: [    ]] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated:][The following rating[s] 
reflect[s] ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally:]  
 
[insert details] by [insert legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency] 
 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies) (The above disclosure 
is only required if the ratings of the Notes are 
different to those stated in the Offering Circular) 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to [[   ] (the Managers)/the Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes/[   ]] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Offering 
Circular – if reasons for the offer are different 
from general corporate purposes, will need to 
include those reasons here) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[       ]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vi) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(vii) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
[(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting

--- Page 70 ---
70 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction)

--- Page 71 ---
71 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to 
any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” 
or “Applicable Pricing Supplement” for a description of the content of the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.  
The Notes are issued in accordance with the Swedish Covered Bond Issuance Act (Sw. lag (2003:1223) 
om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) (the Covered Bond Issuance Act).  
The Issuer has established an asset pool consisting of Swedish loans and mortgages and other assets 
eligible under the Covered Bond Issuance Act (the Swedish Cover Pool), an asset pool consisting of 
Norwegian loans and mortgages and other assets eligible under the Covered Bond Issuance Act (the 
Norwegian Cover Pool) and an asset pool consisting of Finnish loans and mortgages and other assets 
eligible under the Covered Bond Issuance Act (the Finnish Cover Pool). The Swedish Cover Pool, the 
Norwegian Cover Pool and the Finnish Cover Pool are together referred to as the Cover Pools, and each 
as a Cover Pool. Notes which have a statutory preferential right over the Swedish Cover Pool shall be 
designated Swedish Notes, Notes which have a statutory preferential right over the Norwegian Cover Pool 
shall be designated Norwegian Notes and Notes which have a statutory preferential right over the Finnish 
Cover Pool shall be designated Finnish Notes. The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies whether the Notes have a statutory preferential right 
over the Swedish Cover Pool, the Norwegian Cover Pool or the Finnish Cover Pool (being the relevant 
Cover Pool). The Issuer will keep a separate Register (as defined in “Overview of the Swedish legislation 
regarding Covered Bonds”) for each Cover Pool, its assets and relevant derivative contracts.This Note is 
one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Stadshypotek AB (publ) (the Issuer) constituted by 
a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Trust Deed) dated 30 November 2021 made between the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
(the Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee).  
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) 
dated 30 November 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents).

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or 
Talons attached on issue.  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, 
if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the 
Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise 
stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this 
Note. References to the applicable Pricing Supplement are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the 
Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the Noteholders, which 
expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below) 
and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.  
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection by prior appointment 
during normal business hours at the registered office for the time being of the Trustee being at 30 
November 2021 at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB and at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder requesting a copy 
upon receipt of such request, subject to the Trustee, the Agent or the Paying Agents (as relevant) being 
supplied by the Issuer with electronic copies and such Noteholder producing evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. If this Note is an Exempt 
Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more 
Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.  
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings 
where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided 
that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will 
prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement will prevail.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.  
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination.  
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.  
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Paying 
Agents and the Trustee will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note 
or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.  
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of 
the Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. In 
determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as aforesaid, 
the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute 
discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in 
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Swedish Notes constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. The Swedish Notes are obligations issued in accordance with the Covered 
Bond Issuance Act and rank pari passu in relation to the Swedish Cover Pool with all other obligations of 
the Issuer issued in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Issuance Act with the same priority in 
respect of the Swedish Cover Pool.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
The Norwegian Notes constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. The Norwegian Notes are obligations issued in accordance with the 
Covered Bond Issuance Act and rank pari passu in relation to the Norwegian Cover Pool with all other 
obligations of the Issuer issued in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Issuance Act with the 
same priority in respect of the Norwegian Cover Pool.  
The Finnish Notes constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. The Finnish Notes are obligations issued in accordance with the Covered 
Bond Issuance Act and rank pari passu in relation to the Finnish Cover Pool with all other obligations of 
the Issuer issued in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Issuance Act with the same priority in 
respect of the Finnish Cover Pool. 
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date 
will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.  
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other 
than an Interest Payment Date.  
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to:  
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or  
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the Calculation 
Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.1:  
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including)  the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and  
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and  
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.  
In the Conditions:  
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and  
sub unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.  
3.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
or  
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.  
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means:  
(1) 
the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; 
(2) 
where interest is required to be determined in respect of a period other than a full 
period under (1) above, such other period in respect of which interest is to be 
calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to 
(but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:  
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or  
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or  
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than the 
TARGET2 System (as defined below)) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is 
open; and  
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open.  
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes shall be deemed to be zero. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus the Margin (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; and

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
If the Floating Rate Option is not available (for any reason whatsoever), where 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions state that the determination of the Floating Rate 
Option will be pursuant to any requirement for the Calculation Agent to request 
quotes from Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks pursuant to the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, such requirement to make requests for quotations for 
rates from, and the provision of quotations for rates by, the requisite number of 
Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks may be effected by reference 
to and using the quotations or tradable market prices which were most recently 
published by such Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks. If the 
fallback as set out in the definition of the Floating Rate Option pursuant to the 
2006 ISDA Definitions does not produce a result, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the rate at such time and by reference to such sources or methods as 
the Issuer determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity, Reference Banks, Reference Dealers and Reset Date 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.  
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination and Term Rate are both specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either:  
(A) 
the offered quotation; or  
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at the Specified Time at 
the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus the Margin (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), all as determined by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations.  
The Agency Agreement provides that, if the Relevant Screen Page is not available 
or if in the case of Condition 3.2(b)(ii)(A) above, no such offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of Condition 3.2(b)(ii)(B) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time the Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin, all as determined by the Issuer or the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable.  
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Issuer or the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with such 
offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Issuer or the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (at the request of the Issuer) 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is STIBOR), the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) 
or the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if this Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Issuer or the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Issuer or 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks 
in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the 
Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Oslo inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Copenhagen inter-bank 
market (if this Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
Rate of Interest as determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period).  
For the purposes of these Conditions:  
Interest Determination Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
or if none is so specified:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR), the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period;  
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), 
the second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period;  
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), 
the second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), 
the first day of each Interest Period or the second Copenhagen business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period.  
Reference Banks shall mean, in the case of Condition 3.2(b)(ii)(A) above, those 
banks whose offered rates were used to determine such quotation when such 
quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page and, in the case of Condition 
3.2(b)(ii)(B) above, those banks whose offered quotations last appeared on the 
Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared.  
Reference Rate shall, for the purposes of this Condition 3.2(b)(ii), mean (i) 
EURIBOR, (ii) STIBOR, (iii) NIBOR or (iv) CIBOR, in each case for the relevant 
period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement; and  
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean (i) Brussels in the case of a determination 
of EURIBOR, (ii) Stockholm in the case of a determination of STIBOR, (iii) Oslo 
in the case of a determination of NIBOR and (iv) Copenhagen in the case of a 
determination of CIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Specified Time shall mean the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if 
none is so specified, 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, or 
Copenhagen time in the case of a determination of CIBOR) or 12:00 noon Oslo 
time, in the case of a determination of NIBOR.  
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate 
(A) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Reference Day means each Relevant Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, 
other than any Relevant Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
SOFR means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day (RBDx), a reference rate 
equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate for such RBDx as provided 
by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website or such other 
Relevant Screen Page as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, in each case at or about 3.00

--- Page 81 ---
81 
p.m. (New York City time) on the Relevant Business Day immediately following 
RBDx; 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR); 
SOFR Administrator’s Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator, 
or any successor source; 
SONIA means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day (RBDy), a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such RBDy as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) in each case 
at or about 12.00 p.m. (London time) on the Relevant Business Day immediately 
following RBDy; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(B) 
Calculation Method – Compounded Daily Rate – Non-Index 
Determination 
 Where the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, specifies: (i) Screen Rate Determination 
and Overnight Rate as being “Applicable”; (ii) the Calculation Method 
as “Compounded Daily Rate”; and (iii) Index Determination as being 
“Not Applicable”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject 
to Condition 3.2(g) or Condition 3.2(h), as applicable, and as provided 
below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) the applicable Margin, where: 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the 
Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate – being either 
SONIA or SOFR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement and further 
described below – as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as further specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in accordance with the relevant following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
Observation Shift 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement:

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
where: 
D 
is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
d 
is, for a relevant Observation Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Observation Period; 
do 
is, for a relevant Observation Period, the number of Relevant 
Business Days in such Observation Period; 
i 
is, for a relevant Observation Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to d0, each representing a Relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Relevant 
Business Day in such Observation Period; 
ni 
for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
such Relevant Business Day “i” to (but excluding) the following 
Relevant Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of a relevant Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling “p” Relevant Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date 
which is “p” Relevant Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” Relevant Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
p 
means, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of Relevant 
Business Days specified as the Observation Shift Period in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is 
specified, five Relevant Business Days); 
r 
means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day, (if “SONIA” 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate) the applicable SONIA rate in respect 
of such Relevant Business Day or (if “SOFR” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference 
Rate) the applicable SOFR rate in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day; and 
RBD means a Relevant Business Day, being: 
(a) 
if “SONIA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, any day 
on which commercial banks are open for general

--- Page 83 ---
83 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; or 
(b) 
if “SOFR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
ri 
means, for any Relevant Business Day “i”, the applicable 
SONIA rate or SOFR rate (as applicable) as set out in the 
definition of “r” above in respect of such Relevant Business 
Day.  
Lag 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement: 
 
where: 
D 
is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
d 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Interest Period;  
do 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of Relevant 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to d0, each representing a Relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Relevant 
Business Day in such Interest Period; 
ni 
for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Relevant Business Day “i” to (but excluding) the following 
Relevant Business Day; 
p 
means the number of Relevant Business Days included in the 
Lag Look-Back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five Relevant 
Business Days);  
r 
means, in respect of any Relevant Business Day, (if “SONIA” 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the 
applicable Reference Rate) the applicable SONIA rate in respect

--- Page 84 ---
84 
of such Relevant Business Day or (if “SOFR” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference 
Rate) the applicable SOFR rate in respect of such Relevant 
Business Day; and 
RBD means a Relevant Business Day, being: 
(a) 
if “SONIA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, any day 
on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; or 
(b)  
if “SOFR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
ri-pBD 
means, for any Relevant Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, the applicable SONIA rate or SOFR rate (as 
applicable) as set out in the definition of “r” above in respect of 
the Relevant Business Day falling “p” Relevant Business Days 
prior to the applicable Relevant Business Day “i”. 
Lock-out 
where (i) “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method; and (ii) 
“SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
 
where: 
D 
is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
d 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Interest Period;  
do 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, the number of Relevant 
Business Days in such Interest Period;  
i 
is, for a relevant Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to d0, each representing a Relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Relevant 
Business Day in such Interest Period; 
Lock-out Period means, with respect to an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the day following the Interest Determination Date to 
(but excluding) for such Interest Period (A) the corresponding Interest

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) the date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due, if different; 
ni 
for any Relevant Business Day “i” in a relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Relevant Business Day “i” (but excluding) the following 
Relevant Business Day; 
r 
means:  
(a) 
in respect of any Relevant Business Day “i” that is a 
Reference Day, the applicable SOFR rate in respect of 
the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and 
(b) 
in respect of any Relevant Business Day “i” that is not 
a Reference Day (being a Relevant Business Day in 
the Lock-out Period), the applicable SOFR rate in 
respect of the Relevant Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant 
Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date); and 
RBD  
means a Relevant Business Day, being a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
ri 
means the applicable SOFR rate as set out in the definition of “r” 
above for the applicable Relevant Business Day “i”.  
(C) 
Calculation Method – Weighted Average Rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specifies: (i) Screen Rate Determination 
and Overnight Rate as being “Applicable”; and (ii) the Calculation 
Method as “Weighted Average Rate”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period will, subject to Condition 3.2(g) or Condition 3.2(h), as 
applicable, and as provided below, be the Weighted Average Reference 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the applicable 
Margin, where: 
Weighted Average Reference Rate means, as calculated by the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, in accordance with the following sub-paragraphs 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the sum of the Reference Rates in 
respect of each calendar day during the relevant Observation 
Period divided by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period (and, for these purposes, the Reference Rate 
in respect of any such calendar day which is not a Relevant

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in respect 
of the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day); or 
(2) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the sum of the Reference Rates in 
respect of each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period 
divided by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period (and, for these purposes, the Reference Rate in respect of 
any such calendar day which is not a Relevant Business Day shall, 
subject to the following proviso, be deemed to be the Reference 
Rate in respect of the Relevant Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day), provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out 
Period, the relevant Reference Rate will be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Relevant Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
Observation Period means, in respect of a relevant Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling “p” Relevant Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date 
which is “p” Relevant Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” Relevant Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable). 
(D) 
Calculation Method – Compounded Daily Rate – Index Determination 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specifies: (i) Screen Rate Determination 
and Overnight Rate as being “Applicable”; (ii) the Calculation Method 
as “Compounded Daily Rate”; and (iii) Index Determination as being 
“Applicable”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 3.2(g) or Condition 3.2(h), as applicable, and as provided 
below, be the relevant Compounded Daily Reference Rate with respect 
to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) the applicable Margin. 
If “SONIA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the applicable 
Reference Rate, the Compounded Daily Reference Rate shall be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate, where: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) (expressed as a percentage and rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily 
SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA rate that is

--- Page 87 ---
87 
published or displayed by such administrator or other information service 
from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (the SONIA 
Compounded Index) and in accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) 
the day in relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London; 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is 
specified, five); 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of London Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period; and 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of London Business Days prior to (i) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (ii) such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period). 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed 
by the administrator of the SONIA rate or other information service by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after 
the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance 
with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of 
the SONIA rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Compounded Daily 
SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA 
Compounded Index is not available shall be the “Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate” determined in accordance with Condition 3.2(b)(iii)(B) 
above as if Index Determination were specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement as being “Not Applicable”, 
and for these purposes: (i) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be 
“Observation Shift” and (ii) the Observation Shift Period shall be deemed 
to be equal to the Relevant Number of London Business Days, as if those 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
If “SOFR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the applicable 
Reference Rate, the Compounded Daily Reference Rate shall be the 
Compounded Daily SOFR Rate, where: 
Compounded Daily SOFR Rate means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
dc is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in 
relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is 
specified, five); 
SOFR Index, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, means the SOFR Index published by the SOFR Administrator as 
such index appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at or around 
3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the SOFR Determination Time);  
SOFR IndexStart, with respect to an Interest Period, is the SOFR Index 
value for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd, with respect to an Interest Period, is the SOFR Index 
value for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of 
its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR 
Index is not published or displayed on the SOFR Administrator’s Website 
by the SOFR Administrator, the Compounded Daily SOFR Rate for the 
applicable Interest Period for which the relevant SOFR Index is not 
available shall be the “Compounded Daily Reference Rate” determined 
in accordance with Condition 3.2(b)(iii)(B) above as if Index

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Determination were specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement as being “Not Applicable”, and for these 
purposes: (i) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be “Observation 
Shift” and (ii) the Observation Shift Period shall be deemed to be equal 
to the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days, 
as if such alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final 
Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(E) 
Fallback provisions – SONIA 
For the purposes of Condition 3.2(b)(iii)(B), where SONIA is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate, then if, 
in respect of any Relevant Business Day on which an applicable SONIA 
rate is required to be determined, such SONIA rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page (and has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), then (unless the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, has been notified by the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser on behalf of the Issuer of any Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 3.2(g), 
if applicable) the SONIA rate in respect of such Relevant Business Day 
shall be: 
(1) 
the sum of (I) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) 
prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on such 
Relevant Business Day and (II) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five Relevant 
Business Days on which a SONIA rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, 
if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads); or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate under (1)(I) above is not available at the relevant 
time, either (x) the SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Relevant Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or (y) if this is more recent, the latest rate determined 
under (1) above, 
and, in each case, “r” shall be construed accordingly under Condition 
3.2(b)(iii)(B). 
(F) 
Fallback provisions – SOFR 
For the purposes of Condition 3.2(b)(iii)(B), subject to Condition 3.2(h), 
where SOFR is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the applicable 
Reference Rate then if, in respect of any Relevant Business Day, such 
Reference Rate is not available, then (unless the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, has been notified of any Successor Reference Rate

--- Page 90 ---
90 
or Alternative Reference Rate (and the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 3.2(h), if 
applicable) the SOFR in respect of such Relevant Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the SOFR for the first preceding Relevant Business Day on 
which the SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website, 
and “r” shall be construed accordingly under Condition 3.2(b)(iii)(B). 
(G) 
Further fallbacks – SONIA and SOFR 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with any of the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 
3.2(g) or 3.2(h) (as applicable), the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, 
applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period). 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest  
If the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.  
If the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.  
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts  
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period and, (if the Calculation Agent is a party other than the 
Agent) shall immediately notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest 
(the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or  
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 3.2:  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366;  
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
Day Count Fraction =[360× (Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)] +D2-D1) 360 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 92 ---
92 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
Day Count Fraction =[360× (Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)] +D2-D1) 360 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls:  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and  
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction =[360× (Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)] +D2-D1) 360 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30.  
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources or methods as the Issuer determines appropriate.  
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts  
(i) 
Unless Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are both specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified by the Issuer to each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(ii) 
If both Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate as specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the second 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified by the Issuer to each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12.  
(g) 
Reference Rate Replacement  
If: 
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being applicable; 
and 
(ii) 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when any Rate of Interest (or component thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then (notwithstanding the provisions 
of Condition 3.2(b)(ii) or Condition 3.2(b)(iii), as applicable) the following 
provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining (in each case 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner): a 
Successor Reference Rate; or failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate, and in each case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (as defined below), by no later than five Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest 
Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) is to be 
determined by reference to the relevant Original Reference Rate (the 
Initial Issuer Determination Cut-off Date), for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other 
relevant future Interest Periods; 
(B) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser so appointed, it fails to 
determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, 
prior to the relevant Initial Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer 
may determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner): a Successor Reference Rate; or failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (as defined below), by no later than five 
Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component 
thereof) is to be determined by reference to the relevant Original 
Reference Rate (the Final Issuer Determination Cut-off Date), for the 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other 
relevant future Interest Periods. Without prejudice to the definitions 
thereof, for the purposes of determining any Alternative Reference Rate 
and Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and 
applicable market precedents, any operational requirements of the 
Calculation Agent, any published guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.2(g) shall 
act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent, the Trustee, 
any Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 3.2(g).  
(C) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) is determined by the Issuer, following consultation 
with the relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), in accordance with 
this Condition 3.2(g): 
(1) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (in either case subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.2(g)(ii)(C)(2)) 
shall subsequently be used in the place of the Original Reference 
Rate for all future Interest Periods for which the Rate of Interest 
(or any component thereof) was otherwise to be determined by 
reference to the relevant Original Reference Rate; 
(2) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the relevant Independent 
Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) shall determine an Adjustment 
Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a 
formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an 
Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which 
shall be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest Periods for 
which the Rate of Interest (or relevant component thereof) is to 
be determined by reference to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable);  
(3) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the relevant Independent 
Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion specify 
that: 
(I) 
changes to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the 
Agency Agreement in order to follow market practice in 
relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case,

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Adjustment Spread, including, but not limited to changes 
to (x) the Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Reference 
Banks, 
Relevant 
Financial Centre, Relevant Screen Page and/or Specified 
Time applicable to the Notes; and/or (y) the method for 
determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation 
to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not 
available; and 
(II) 
any other changes to the Conditions which the Issuer, 
following consultation with the relevant Independent 
Adviser (if applicable), determines are reasonably 
necessary 
to 
ensure 
the 
proper 
operation 
and 
comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and, in either case, the Adjustment Spread, 
which changes (such changes as described in (A) and (B) above, 
the Benchmark Amendments) shall apply to the Notes for all 
relevant future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
3.2(g)); and 
(4) 
promptly following the determination of any Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments 
(and by no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period), the Issuer 
shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective 
date thereof) pursuant to this Condition 3.2(g) to the Agent, any 
Calculation Agent, the Trustee, any stock exchange or listing 
authority on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed 
(if required) and, in accordance with Condition 12, the 
Noteholders.  
(5) 
The Issuer shall, when it delivers the notice to the Trustee 
pursuant to Condition 3.2(g)(ii)(C)(5), also deliver to the Trustee 
and the Agent a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories 
of the Issuer confirming, in the Issuer’s reasonable opinion 
(following consultation with the Independent Adviser, if 
appointed) (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the 
Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and (z) the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
3.2(g). 
The Trustee and the Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
(without further enquiry and liability to any person) as sufficient evidence 
thereof. The Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) or where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments, and without prejudice to the ability of the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Trustee and the Agent (as applicable) to rely on such certificate, will be 
binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agent and the Noteholders. 
Each of the Trustee and the Agent shall, at the direction and expense of 
the Issuer but subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Agent of a 
certificate (as aforesaid), concur with the Issuer in effecting the 
Benchmark Amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and 
the Conditions as the Issuer shall direct in writing that may be required to 
give effect to this Condition 3.2(g). Neither the Trustee nor the Agent 
shall be liable to any party for any consequence of complying with such 
written direction of the Issuer, save as provided in the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement; provided that neither the Trustee nor the Agent shall 
be obliged to effect the Benchmark Amendments if, in the sole opinion of 
the Trustee or, as the case may be, the Agent, doing so would impose 
more onerous obligations on it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee or, as the case may be, the 
Agent in these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental Trust Deed) in 
any way. 
No consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting the Benchmark Amendments or the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
as described in this Condition 3.2(g) or such other relevant changes 
pursuant to Condition 3.2(g), including for the execution of any 
documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties 
to the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement (if required). 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate is not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 3.2(g) prior to the 
relevant Final Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, or (ii) a Benchmark Event has not 
occurred, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined by 
reference to the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions of Condition 
3.2(b)(ii). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 3.2(g) shall apply to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) 
applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) shall be subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.2(g). 
If in the Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two 
or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under 
this Condition 3.2(g), the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination as a result of its operational 
requirements for implementation and operation of the determined Successor Reference 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, any Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall not incur any liability for any failure to make such calculation or 
determination which arises as a result thereof, save as set out in the Agency Agreement 
and in the case of its negligence, fraud or wilful default.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee nor the Agent shall be obliged to monitor 
or enquire whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect 
thereof. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or (y) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which in either case is to be 
applied to the Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate (where (i) does not apply) or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); 
or 
(iii) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if 
applicable) determines that neither (i) nor (ii) applies, the Issuer, following 
consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion determines 
to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer, following consultation with 
the relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component thereof) in respect of 
notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period(s), or, if the Issuer, following consultation with the relevant Independent 
Adviser (if applicable), determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer, 
following consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), determines 
in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing 
such Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue

--- Page 99 ---
99 
publication of such Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months 
prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(A); 
or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate that means such Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); 
or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for 
the Issuer, the Agent, any Calculation Agent, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or 
any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
or Couponholder using such Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case appointed under Condition 3.2(g)(ii)(A) by the Issuer at its own 
expense; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
in respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark 
Event(s), such originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Reference 
Rate Alternative Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement (as defined below) which 
has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Reference Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs 
in respect of such Successor Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Benchmark 
Replacement, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such Successor 
Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which such

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Original Reference Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
and 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer, following consultation with the 
relevant Independent Adviser (if applicable), (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(h) 
Reference Rate Replacement where the Original Reference Rate is SOFR 
If “SOFR” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement as the applicable Reference Rate and “ARRC Fallbacks” 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, when a Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions of this Condition 3.2(h) shall apply.  
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Original Reference Rate, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the Original Reference Rate for all purposes relating 
to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 3.2(h) with 
respect to such Benchmark Replacement). 
Where this Condition 3.2(h) applies, if the Issuer considers it necessary to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the Issuer may determine (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the terms of the relevant Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes and the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 12, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by 
the Issuer or any of the parties to the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement (if 
required), vary the Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed to give effect 
to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of 
determining any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the Issuer will take into 
account any relevant and applicable market precedents, any operational requirements of 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets. 
Prior to any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes taking effect, the Issuer shall 
provide a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer to the Trustee and 
the Agents confirming, in the Issuer’s reasonable opinion: 
(A) 
(i)  
that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred;  
(ii) 
the Benchmark Replacement determined in accordance with Condition 
3.2(h); specifying (1) the applicable Reference Rate for such purposes 
(whether the alternate rate selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body, the ISDA Fallback Rate or an alternate rate selected

--- Page 101 ---
101 
by the Issuer) and (2) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
(if any); and  
(iii) 
the specific terms of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
(if any); and 
(B) 
that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement. 
The Trustee and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate without enquiry or 
liability to any person. The Benchmark Replacement (including any Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, if applicable) and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes (if any), and without prejudice to the ability of the Trustee and the Agents (as 
applicable) to rely on such certificate, will be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents 
and the Noteholders. 
Each of the Trustee and the Agents shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, but 
subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Agents of a certificate (as aforesaid), concur with 
the Issuer in effecting the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to the Trust 
Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Conditions as the Issuer shall direct in writing that 
may be required to give effect to this Condition 3.2(h). Neither the Trustee nor the Agents 
shall be liable to any party for any consequences of complying with such written direction 
of the Issuer, save as provided in the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement; provided that 
neither the Trustee nor the Agents shall be obliged to effect the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes if, in the sole opinion of the Trustee or, as the case may be, the 
Agents, doing so would impose more onerous obligations on it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee or, as the case may be, the Agents in the 
Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any supplemental Trust Deed) in any way.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.2(h), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
If in the Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s opinion, as applicable, there is any uncertainty 
between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 3.2(h), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
in writing as to which course of action to adopt. If the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make 
such calculation or determination as a result of its operational requirements for 
implementation and operation of the determined Benchmark Replacement (including any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, if applicable) and the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (if any), it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall not incur any liability for any failure to make such 
calculation or determination which arises as a result thereof, save as set out in the Agency 
Agreement and in the case of its negligence, fraud or wilful default. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be obliged to monitor or enquire whether a 
Benchmark Transition Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof.For the 
purposes of these Conditions: 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the Original 
Reference Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as 
the replacement for the Original Reference Rate giving due consideration to any 
industry accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to 
the definitions of Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and 
making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is 
reasonably necessary). 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Original 
Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Specified Time for such determination. 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference 
Rate (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), the central 
bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original 
Reference Rate (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Original Reference Rate. 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto. 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(i) 
Certificates to be final

--- Page 104 ---
104 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.2 by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, or, in the 
circumstances described in Condition 3.2(g)(ii)(A) or Condition 3.2(h), the Issuer shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, or, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 3.2(g)(ii)(A) or Condition 3.2(h), the Issuer  in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.  
3.3 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of 
a Series of Notes 
(a) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as applying to a Series of Notes and the 
maturity of those Notes is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 5.6, the Notes shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on 
which the Notes are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to Condition 
3.4. In that event, interest shall be payable on those Notes at the rate determined in 
accordance with Condition 3.3(b) on the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date, or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable, in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date, or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. The 
final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date.  
(b) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as applying to a Series of Notes and the 
maturity of those Notes is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 5.6, the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Notes on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date 
in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, will be as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement and, in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes, determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, (i) unless both Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of 
the first such Interest Period (which day shall, for the purposes of Condition 3.2(g)(ii) or 
Condition 3.2(h) (as applicable), be the Interest Determination Date relating to such 
Interest Period) and thereafter in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, or (ii) if both Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate are 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (and, for the purposes of any such 
determination, the provisions of Condition 3.2 will apply mutatis mutandis).  
(c) 
In the case of Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date 
and for which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for the purposes of

--- Page 105 ---
105 
this Condition 3.3, the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise 
payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect 
of such amount in accordance with these Conditions.  
(d) 
This Condition 3.3 shall only apply to Notes to which an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Notes (in full) on the Maturity 
Date (or within two Business Days thereafter) and the maturity of those Notes is 
automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 
5.6.  
3.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of:  
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below:  
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and  
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.  
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6) any law or regulation 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
4.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons  
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest 
in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which

--- Page 106 ---
106 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the 
District of Columbia and its possessions)).  
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have 
become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.  
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof.  
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note.  
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Note.  
As used herein, Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent or the 
Trustee on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12.  
4.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes  
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes 
and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note 
by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable.  
4.4 
General provisions applicable to payments  
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the

--- Page 107 ---
107 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if:  
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;  
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and  
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.  
4.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is:  
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified (other than the TARGET2 System) in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, a day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which 
if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney 
and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
4.6 
Interpretation of principal  
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; and 
(d) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date (or, if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date), each as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
5.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12; and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the 
Trustee and to the Agent, 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 12 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the 
relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date 
to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.2 and notice to that

--- Page 109 ---
109 
effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 at least five 
days prior to the Selection Date.  
5.3 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the 
case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. All Notes so purchased will be surrendered 
to a Paying Agent for cancellation.  
5.4 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.3 above (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and 
cannot be reissued or resold.  
5.5 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes  
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 5.1 or 5.2 above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y where:  
RP 
means the Reference Price;  
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and  
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement which will be either:  
(i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date (the Zero Coupon Payment Date) which is the earlier of:  
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable 
in respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent or 
the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12, and the denominator will be 360);  
(ii) 
Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the Zero Coupon Payment Date and the denominator will be 360); or  
(iii) 
Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the Zero Coupon Payment Date and the denominator will be 365).

--- Page 110 ---
110 
5.6 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
(a) 
An Extended Maturity Date may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as applying to a Series of Notes.  
(b) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as applying to a Series of Notes and the 
Issuer fails to redeem all of those Notes in full on the Maturity Date or within two Business 
Days thereafter, the maturity of the Notes and the date on which such Notes will be due 
and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions will be automatically extended up to 
but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the nominal amount 
outstanding of the Notes on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. The Issuer shall give to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 12) 
and the Paying Agents (copying the Trustee), notice of its intention to redeem all or any 
of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes in full at least three Business Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any 
failure by the Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of 
any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date or as applicable, the 
Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights in any such person. Accordingly, such 
Paying Agent will notify Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear of the Issuer’s intention 
to redeem the Notes in whole, redeem the Notes in part, or extend the Maturity Date, 
promptly upon receipt of such instruction from the Issuer (and in any event by no later 
than three Business Days prior to the Maturity Date of the Notes).  
(c) 
In the case of Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date 
to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for the purposes of this 
Condition 5.6, the nominal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise 
payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect 
of such amount in accordance with these Conditions.  
(d) 
Any extension of the maturity of Notes under this Condition 5.6 shall be irrevocable. 
Where this Condition 5.6 applies, any failure to redeem the Notes on the Maturity Date 
or any extension of the maturity of Notes under this Condition 5.6 shall not constitute an 
event of default for any purpose or give any Noteholder any right to receive any payment 
of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Notes other than as expressly set out in 
these Conditions.  
(e) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Notes under this Condition 5.6, interest 
rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Notes from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and 
made in accordance with the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and Condition 3.3.  
(f) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Notes on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption 
proceeds shall be applied rateably across the Notes and the nominal amount outstanding 
on the Notes shall be reduced by the level of that redemption.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
(g) 
If the maturity of any Notes is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with this Condition 5.6, subject as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for so long as any of 
those Notes remains in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further Notes, unless the 
proceeds of issue of such further Notes are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in 
whole or in part the relevant Notes in accordance with the terms hereof.  
(h) 
This Condition 5.6 shall only apply to Notes to which an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Notes in full on the Maturity 
Date (or within two Business Days thereafter).  
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law, in which case such deduction will be made by or on behalf of the Issuer.  
As used herein, Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax.  
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 4.2) therefor. Any moneys paid by the Issuer to the Agent for the 
payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and remaining unclaimed for two years after the 
date on which such principal or interest shall have become due shall (at the Issuer’s request) be repaid by 
the Agent to the Issuer, and the holders of the relevant Notes or Coupons shall thereafter only look to the 
Issuer for any payment which such holders may be entitled to collect.  
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4.2 or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2.  
8. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS  
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.  
9. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.  
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the appointment 
of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a European city (excluding any 
city in Sweden) approved by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in Condition 4.4. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or 
change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.  
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of 
agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated 
or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.  
10. 
ENFORCEMENT 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer 
as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not 
be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the 
Coupons unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing 
by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have 
been indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction.  
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails  to do so within 60 days (or such longer period as may be 
appropriate in the circumstances) and the failure shall be continuing. 
11. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect 
of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 7.  
12. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication in a 
newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority 
on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If 
publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be 
deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted 
for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so 
long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the 
case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.  
13. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by way of audio 
or video conference call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer 
if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at 
any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment 
of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides 
that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a 
majority consisting of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of all of the holders of not less than three-quarters in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than three-quarters in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and 
whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders.  
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any modification of, 
or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes 
or the Trust Deed, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any 
modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an error 
which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven.  
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting such consequential 
amendments to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed as may be required in order 
to give effect to any Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in the

--- Page 114 ---
114 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 3.2(g) or Condition 3.2(h), as applicable, without the 
consent of the Noteholders and Couponholders. Any such modification, waiver or authorisation shall be 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter.  
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have regard 
to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders whatever their number) and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor 
shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person 
any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders.  
14. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction.  
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to enter 
into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders 
of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries, (b) 
to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to 
any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or 
consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any 
profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.  
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the 
same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes.  
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes (except for Condition 2), the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 2 is governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction  
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Trustee, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, that the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with any of them) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.  
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders, may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as 
Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons 
(including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with any of them), against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and 
concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.  
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent  
The Issuer has appointed Handelsbanken plc at 3 Thomas More Square, London E1W 1WY, 
United Kingdom as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of 
Handelsbanken plc ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another 
person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law.  
17.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those 
set out above.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
OVERVIEW OF THE SWEDISH LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS  
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Covered Bond Issuance Act as of the date of 
this Offering Circular. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all 
aspects of the Swedish legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. Please also refer to the 
section “Risk Factors”, sub-section “Risks related to Notes generally”, on pages 26 to 30 above.  
Introduction 
The Covered Bond Issuance Act entered into force on 1 July 2004. It enables Swedish banks and credit 
market companies (Institutions), which have been granted a specific licence by the SFSA to issue full 
recourse debt instruments secured by a pool of mortgage credits and/or public sector credits.  
The SFSA has issued regulations and recommendations under the authority conferred on it by the Covered 
Bond Issuance Act (Sw. Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna råd om säkerställda obligationer 
(FFFS 2013:01)) last amended by FFFS 2016:17 (Sw. föreskrifter om ändring i Finansinspektionens 
föreskrifter och allmänna råd (FFFS 2013:1) om säkerställda obligationer) (the SFSA Regulations).  
Swedish covered bonds may take the form of bonds and other comparable debt instruments, such as 
commercial paper.  
In the event of an Institution’s bankruptcy, holders of covered bonds (and certain eligible counterparties 
to derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of matching the financial terms of the assets in a Cover 
Pool with those of the covered bonds relating to it) benefit from a priority right in the relevant Cover Pool. 
The Covered Bond Issuance Act further enables such holders (and derivative counterparties) to continue 
to receive timely payments also following the Institution’s bankruptcy, subject to certain conditions being 
met.  
The Cover Pools are dynamic in the sense that an Institution may supplement or substitute assets in a 
Cover Pool at any time.  
Registration  
Information in respect of each Cover Pool, its assets, relevant derivative contracts and covered bonds for 
which such Cover Pool has been used for collateralisation must be entered into a separate register (the 
Register), which is maintained by the Institution. The actual registration of the covered bonds, the assets 
and relevant derivative contracts in such Register is necessary to confer the priority right in a Cover Pool. 
Further, only assets entered into the Register form part of a Cover Pool.  
At all times the Register must show the nominal value of the covered bonds, the relevant Cover Pool and 
the relevant derivative contracts. As a result, the Register requires regular updating, including without 
limitation due to changes in interest rates, interest periods, outstanding debt and the composition of the 
relevant Cover Pool. The value of the underlying collateral securing mortgage credits in such Cover Pool 
must also be entered into the Register.  
Stadshypotek will keep a separate Register for the Swedish Cover Pool, the Norwegian Cover Pool and 
the Finnish Cover Pool respectively.  
Eligibility criteria for assets in the Cover Pools  
The Cover Pools may consist of certain mortgage credits, public credits and supplemental assets.  
Mortgage credits are defined as loans secured by (i) mortgages over real property (Sw. fastigheter) 
intended for residential, agricultural, office or commercial purposes or site leasehold rights (Sw.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
tomträtter) intended for residential, office or commercial purposes, (ii) pledges over tenant-owner rights 
(Sw. bostadsrätter), or (iii) comparable security interests over equivalent assets situated in other countries 
within the EEA.  
Public credits are defined as certain loans to (or guaranteed by) inter alia the Swedish State, Swedish 
municipalities and comparable public bodies, the European Union, the European Atomic Energy 
Community, certain foreign states and central banks and certain foreign municipalities and comparable 
public bodies with powers of taxation.  
Supplemental assets consist primarily of government bonds and cash, although the SFSA may also 
authorise the use of certain debt instruments issued by credit institutions and other bodies as supplemental 
assets.  
Loan-to-value ratios and certain other restrictions  
For mortgage credits, there is a maximum loan amount which may be included in a Cover Pool, depending 
on the value of the underlying collateral:  
1. 
For residential collateral, a loan may be included in a Cover Pool only to the extent the loan 
amount does not exceed 75 per cent. of the market value of the collateral.  
2. 
For agricultural collateral, a loan may be included in a Cover Pool only to the extent the loan 
amount does not exceed 70 per cent. of the market value of the collateral.  
3. 
For office or commercial collateral, a loan may be included in a Cover Pool only to the extent the 
loan amount does not exceed 60 per cent. of the market value of the collateral.  
Should a loan exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within the permitted limit may 
be included in a Cover Pool (a Partly Eligible Loan). The Covered Bond Issuance Act does not explicitly 
regulate how proceeds in respect of a Partly Eligible Loan shall be distributed between the eligible and the 
non-eligible parts of the loan.  
The most likely interpretation is that interest payments shall be allocated pro rata between the eligible and 
non-eligible parts of the loan and that amortisations shall be applied first towards the non-eligible part of 
the loan (absent enforcement of the security over the underlying collateral). However, proceeds from 
enforcement of the security should most likely be applied first towards the eligible part of the loan.  
A similar situation arises if, for example, the same mortgage security serves as first-ranking security for 
two (or more) loans granted by an Institution and only one of these loans is included in a Cover Pool. The 
Covered Bond Issuance Act does not give clear guidance as to how proceeds shall be allocated between 
the two loans in case of the Institution’s bankruptcy. The lack of guidance may give room for unsecured 
creditors of the Institution to argue that only a pro rata portion of such proceeds shall be allocated to the 
loan included in a Cover Pool.  
The Covered Bond Issuance Act restricts the overall proportion of loans provided against security over 
real property (or site leasehold rights or tenant-owner rights) intended for office or commercial purposes 
to 10 per cent. of an Institution’s Cover Pool.  
Furthermore, the proportion of supplemental assets may not exceed 20 per cent. of a Cover Pool, although 
the SFSA has the authority to raise this limit to 30 per cent. for a limited period in special circumstances.  
Institutions are required to regularly monitor the market value of the mortgage assets that serve as 
collateral for loans included in a Cover Pool. If the market value of such a mortgage asset declines 
significantly (15 per cent. or more according to the preparatory works to the Covered Bond Issuance Act),

--- Page 118 ---
118 
then only such part of the loan that falls within the permitted loan-to-value ratio will be eligible for 
inclusion in such Cover Pool and will be subject to the priority right described below. However, a decline 
in the market value following an Institution’s bankruptcy would not result in a reduction of the assets in 
which holders of covered bonds (and relevant derivative counterparties) have a priority right, but could 
result in a Cover Pool ceasing to meet the matching requirements. Hence, Institutions are required to 
revalue assets that serve as collateral for loans included in a Cover Pool if the market value for such assets 
declines significantly, and may also choose to revalue such assets in certain circumstances when there has 
not been a significant decline in market value.  
In addition to the requirement to regularly monitor the market value of the mortgage assets that serve as 
collateral for loans included in a Cover Pool, Institutions are also required to regularly (at least once a 
year) test and analyse how future fluctuations in market values may affect loan-to-value ratios and the 
value of such assets.  
Matching requirements  
The Covered Bond Issuance Act prescribes that the nominal value of a Cover Pool shall at all times be at 
least two per cent. higher than the aggregate nominal value of claims that may be asserted against an 
Institution by reference to covered bonds.  
Furthermore, an Institution must compose a Cover Pool in such a way as to ensure a sound balance between 
the covered bonds and the assets in the Cover Pool in terms of currencies, interest rates and interest fixation 
periods. Such sound balance is deemed to exist when the present value of a Cover Pool at all times exceeds 
the present value of the liabilities relating to covered bonds with at least 2 per cent. The present value of 
derivative contracts shall be taken into account for the purposes of such calculation. The calculations of 
present value shall withstand certain stress tests (changes in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates).  
The payment flows relating to the assets in a Cover Pool, derivative contracts and covered bonds shall be 
such that an Institution is at all times able to meet its payment obligations towards holders of covered 
bonds and relevant derivative counterparties.  
Non-performing assets in a Cover Pool which are more than 60 days overdue must be disregarded for the 
purposes of the matching tests.  
Supervision by the SFSA and the independent monitor  
The SFSA monitors that an Institution complies with the Covered Bond Issuance Act and other provisions 
of the legislative and regulatory framework which regulates the business of the Institution. In addition, the 
SFSA appoints an independent monitor (Sw. oberoende granskare) for each Institution that issues covered 
bonds.  
The independent monitor is responsible for monitoring a Register to assess whether or not it is being 
maintained correctly and in compliance with the Covered Bond Issuance Act and the SFSA Regulations. 
In particular, the independent monitor shall verify that (i) covered bonds and relevant derivative contracts 
are registered in a Register, (ii) only loans and supplemental assets that satisfy the eligibility criteria are 
included in a Cover Pool and registered in a Register, (iii) the valuations of the underlying collateral for 
loans in a Cover Pool are in accordance with the Covered Bond Issuance Act and the SFSA Regulations, 
(iv) mortgage loans the underlying collateral of which has decreased significantly in value are, for the 
purpose of the matching requirements, deducted from a Cover Pool to the extent necessary to comply with 
the relevant loan-to-value ratio and (v) the matching requirements are complied with. The independent 
monitor is also responsible for monitoring any revaluations of underlying collateral conducted by the 
Institution during the outstanding year. The monitoring by the independent monitor shall be risk based.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
The independent monitor is entitled to request information from the Institution, conduct site visits and is 
required to report regularly, and at least once a year, to the SFSA. The Covered Bond Issuance Act does 
not provide for any change to the independent monitor’s remit upon the bankruptcy of an Institution.  
Benefit of a priority right in Cover Pools  
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Issuance Act and the Swedish Rights of Priority Act, holders of covered 
bonds benefit from a priority right in the relevant Cover Pool should the Institution be declared bankrupt 
(Sw. försatt i konkurs). The same priority is awarded to the Institution’s eligible counterparties to 
derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of matching the financial terms of the assets in a Cover 
Pool with those of the covered bonds relating to it. Such derivative counterparties and the holders of 
covered bonds rank pari passu with joint seniority in relation to the relevant Cover Pool.  
By virtue of the aforementioned priority, holders of covered bonds and relevant derivative counterparties 
rank ahead of unsecured creditors and all other creditors of the Institution in respect of assets in a Cover 
Pool (except the administrator-in-bankruptcy as regards fees for his administration of assets in a Cover 
Pool and costs for such administration). The priority right also covers cash received by an Institution and 
deriving from a Cover Pool or relevant derivative contracts, provided that certain administrative 
procedures have been complied with.  
Due to what is generally regarded as an oversight by the legislator, there is some uncertainty as to whether 
a creditor that obtains execution (Sw. utmätning) against an asset in a Cover Pool earlier than three months 
before an Institution’s bankruptcy could defeat the priority afforded to holders of covered bonds and 
derivative counterparties as regards such asset. However, an execution that is levied less than three months 
before the Institution is being declared bankrupt will typically not defeat the priority.  
Administration of the Cover Pools in the event of bankruptcy  
Should an Institution be declared bankrupt, at least one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed 
by the bankruptcy court and one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed by the SFSA. The 
administrators-in-bankruptcy would take over the administration of the bankruptcy estate, including the 
Cover Pools.  
Provided that (and as long as) a Cover Pool meets the requirements of the Covered Bond Issuance Act 
(including the matching requirements), the assets in such Cover Pool, the covered bonds and any relevant 
derivative contracts relating to it that have been entered into the Register are required to be maintained as 
a unit and kept segregated from other assets and liabilities of the bankruptcy estate of the Institution. The 
administrators-in-bankruptcy are in such case required to procure the continued timely service of payments 
due under such covered bonds and any relevant derivative contracts. Consequently, the bankruptcy would 
not as such result in early repayment or suspension of payments to holders of such covered bonds or to 
derivative counterparties, so long as the relevant Cover Pool continues to meet the requirements of the 
Covered Bond Issuance Act.  
Upon an Institution’s bankruptcy, neither the Institution nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability 
to issue further covered bonds. However, the Covered Bond Issuance Act gives the administrator in-
bankruptcy an explicit mandate to take out additional loans and enter into derivative and similar 
agreements for the purpose of achieving a balance between the financial terms and conditions of the assets 
in the cover pool and derivative agreements entered into, on the one hand, and the obligations of the issuing 
institution pursuant to the covered bonds and derivative agreements, on the other hand. Counterparties in 
such agreements will rank senior to existing covered bondholders and derivative counterparties with 
respect to the assets in the cover pool. The administrator-in-bankruptcy may also increase liquidity, for 
example by selling assets in the cover pool in the market.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
If a Cover Pool ceases to meet the requirements of the Covered Bond Issuance Act, and the deviations are 
not just temporary and minor, such Cover Pool may no longer be maintained as a unit and the continuous 
payment under the terms and conditions of the covered bonds and derivative contracts will cease. The 
holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties relating to it would in such case instead benefit 
from a priority right in the proceeds of a sale of the assets in such Cover Pool in accordance with general 
bankruptcy rules. This could result in the holders of covered bonds relating to it receiving payment 
according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms and conditions of such 
covered bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of such covered bonds are not paid 
in full. However, the holders of such covered bonds and derivative counterparties would retain the benefit 
of the right of priority in the assets comprising such Cover Pool. Any residual claims of the holders of 
covered bonds and derivative counterparties remain valid claims against the Institution, but will rank pari 
passu with other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Institution. 
A new legislative framework on Covered Bonds  
Directive 2019/2162/EU (the Covered Bond Directive) entered into force on 8 January 2020. The 
national transposition period for implementing the directive into national law expired on 8 July 2021 and 
the national measures shall be applied starting at the latest from 8 July 2022. The aim of the Covered Bond 
Directive is to implement a harmonised framework for covered bonds across Europe, where the definition 
of a covered bond in all jurisdictions is the same. An official report of the Swedish Government (SOU 
2020:61 Ändrade regler om säkerställda obligationer) including proposals for the necessary changes to 
the Swedish legislative framework on covered bonds was published on 4 November 2020 (the Covered 
Bond Report). According to the Covered Bond Report’s proposals, residential and commercial 
mortgages, exposures to credit institutions and public loans can be included in the cover pool. Only a part 
of the loan, up to a specific share of the market value of the collateral, can be included in the coverage 
calculation. The proposals change the loan-to-value ratio for residential mortgages from 75 per cent. to 80 
per cent. of the market value of the collateral. For commercial mortgages, the loan-to-value ratio is 
changed in certain cases. The Covered Bond Report proposes that the provisions on substitute collateral 
shall be repealed, since it is difficult to combine them with the new EU legislation. Instead, new provisions 
on exposures to credit institutions and provisions on a liquidity buffer are proposed in the Covered Bond 
Issuance Act, in line with the CRR rules. The Covered Bond Report further proposes that the current 
requirements in the Covered Bond Issuance Act on overcollateralisation, i.e. the level by which the value 
of the assets in the cover pool has to exceed the value of the liabilities, shall be adapted to the main 
principle in the CRR of at least five per cent overcollateralisation. The Covered Bond Report also proposes 
an introduction of a separate liquidity buffer for the cover pool, covering net liquidity outflows for 180 
calendar days. In addition, the Covered Bond Report proposes that provisions permitting maturity 
extensions shall be introduced into Swedish law. The SFSA has announced that it supports the proposals 
set out in the Covered Bond Report. However, the Covered Bond Report does not yet constitute a final 
proposal and therefore it remains unclear how the Covered Bond Directive will be implemented into 
Swedish legislation. The legislative amendments are proposed to enter into force on 8 July 2022. For a 
covered bond that has been issued before this date, the previous provisions of the Covered Bond Issuance 
Act will, as a main principle, continue to apply during the remaining part of its maturity. The Issuer has 
closely followed the work and continues to do so; in order to be fully prepared for any new requirements 
that may affect the Issuer and the market for Swedish covered bonds.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes, or, if in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
Stadshypotek was incorporated on 23 December 1992 for an unlimited period as a public credit market 
limited liability company authorised to conduct operations under the Swedish Banking and Financing 
Business Act (SFS 2004:297) and was registered with the Municipality of Stockholm under registration 
number 556459-6715. The registered office of Stadshypotek is Torsgatan 14, SE-103 70 Stockholm, 
Sweden (telephone number: +46 8 701 54 00). Since 1997, Stadshypotek has been a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Handelsbanken and its business is focused primarily on the financing of residential, office 
and real estate in Sweden.  
Handelsbanken and its consolidated subsidiaries provide various investment and other financial services, 
in addition to its wide range of traditional banking services, both domestically and internationally, for 
private and corporate customers. These services include financing (such as mortgages, bilateral lending to 
corporates and financing via capital markets), services within the savings area (such as asset management, 
pension and insurance), private banking and different protection solutions, as well as various payment 
solutions. The bank’s services are marketed and supported through Handelsbanken’s network of branch 
offices, with each branch responsible for coordinating customer services in collaboration with 
regional/county and central specialists, as necessary. Handelsbanken has a decentralised business model 
and branch offices are given delegated responsibility for marketing, customer contact, pricing and 
administration of all mortgage lending. Stadshypotek is responsible for the Handelsbanken group’s 
mortgage business in Sweden, Denmark, Finland and Norway, and Stadshypotek’s lending operations are 
run via Handelsbanken’s branch offices in the respective countries. On 19 October 2021 Handelsbanken 
made the decision to cease its operations in Denmark and Finland. A process is being initiated to divest 
these two operations. 
On 13 March 2006, Stadshypotek was granted authorisation by the SFSA to issue covered bonds in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Issuance Act. A Cover Pool consists mainly of mortgage loans, public 
assets and certain qualified supplementary security. An issuer can create several Cover Pools, where the 
holder of a covered bond has a priority right in the Cover Pool which is used to collateralise that particular 
issue of covered bonds. Currently, Stadshypotek has four Cover Pools: (i) the Swedish Cover Pool, which 
includes Swedish loans and mortgages and other assets eligible under the Covered Bond Issuance Act; (ii) 
the Norwegian Cover Pool, which includes Norwegian loans and mortgages and other assets eligible under 
the Covered Bond Issuance Act; and (iii) the Finnish Cover Pool, which includes Finnish loans and 
mortgages and other assets eligible under the Covered Bond Issuance Act;. The applicable Final Terms 
will specify whether the Notes have a statutory preference right over the Swedish Cover Pool, the 
Norwegian Cover Pool or the Finnish Cover Pool. In addition, Stadshypotek’s counterparties under certain 
derivative contracts are also entitled to rights of priority in relation to a Cover Pool, as applicable. 
Stadshypotek follows matching requirements set out by law and maintains an over-collateralisation in each 
Cover Pool at least equal to, or above, any over-collateralisation requirement set out by law. 
See “Overview of the Swedish Legislation regarding Covered Bonds” for further details.  
Stadshypotek’s Lending Policies  
Stadshypotek’s lending is done through Handelsbanken. Handelsbanken has the responsibility for 
ensuring that credit assessments and collateral valuations are made in accordance with the SFSA’s 
regulations and follow the guidelines adopted by Stadshypotek’s Board of Directors.  
The guidelines adopted by Stadshypotek’s Board of Directors with respect to lending policies and 
procedures cover the following principal areas:  
 
Collateral and loan to value ratios: The limit for satisfactory mortgage collateral corresponds to 
a maximum of 85 per cent. of the market value of the property in the case of residential properties 
such as detached houses, housing co-operative apartments and second homes. This applies to

--- Page 123 ---
123 
lending in Sweden and also to Stadshypotek’s branches in Norway and Finland. At the branch in 
Denmark, it is possible to borrow up to 80 per cent. of the property’s market value in the case of 
residential properties. The above limits are set to reflect the customary loan-to-value ratios for 
mortgage borrowing in each of the respective countries. For office and commercial properties, 
which are only mortgaged in the Swedish market, a maximum loan to value ratio of 60 per cent. 
applies. Industrial and warehouse properties are not financed by Stadshypotek. Loans to 
governments, municipalities, banks and insurance companies from within the EU may be made 
on an unsecured basis. The valuation of the property is either conducted by the Handelsbanken 
group’s branch managers, Stadshypotek’s own internal valuers or a professional third-party 
valuer.  
 
Credit limits: There are limits on the loan amounts that can be granted by a Handelsbanken branch 
office. For loans that exceed such limits, the decision is made by Stadshypotek’s credit committee 
or Stadshypotek’s Board of Directors. There are special procedures in place for granting credit to 
senior employees, including their immediate family and associated companies.  
 
Credit impaired loans: While impaired loans are initially handled by Handelsbanken on behalf of 
Stadshypotek, restructurings of loans need to be approved by Stadshypotek, as do sales of 
collateral with a value above a certain threshold.  
Loan Portfolio  
In 2020, Stadshypotek increased its total loan portfolio by SEK 66,388 million (SEK 73,195 million in 
2019), mainly reflecting the continued strong growth in the Swedish market. Lending to households 
increased by SEK 39,459 million in 2020 (SEK 42,682 million in 2019), while lending to corporates 
increased by SEK 26,946 million (SEK 30,528 million in 2019).  
The following table shows details of Stadshypotek’s loan portfolio as at the dates indicated: 
Loans to the Public 
As at 31 December (SEK m) 
 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Loans in Swedish Kronor 
 
 
Households 
874,258 
833,198 
Corporate 
365,702 
341,698 
Total 
1,239,960 
1,174,896 
Loans in foreign currency 
 
 
Households 
140,697 
142,298 
Corporate 
58,870 
55,928 
Total 
199,567 
198,226 
Provision for expected credit losses 
(199) 
(182) 
Total loans to the public 
1,439,328 
1,372,940 
Stadshypotek’s business consists of property financing, primarily residential property. Industrial and 
warehouse properties are not financed by Stadshypotek. Lending in Sweden, which accounts for 86 per 
cent. as at 30 June 2021 (86 per cent. in 2020), is distributed throughout the country with a concentration 
in urban areas. Categories of borrowers vary from individual households to large property companies. At 
31 December 2020, single-family houses, housing co-operative apartments and owner occupied 
apartments made up 66.2 per cent. (66.7 per cent. in 2019) of the loan portfolio, with multi-family 
dwellings accounting for 26.0 per cent. (25.9 per cent. in 2019), and offices and commercial property 7.8 
per cent. (7.4 per cent. in 2019).  
Stadshypotek is one of the major participants in the Swedish mortgage market. As of 31 December 2020, 
Stadshypotek had a market share of approximately 21.8 per cent. of the mortgage loans to the private

--- Page 124 ---
124 
market. According to Statistics Sweden’s guidelines, the private market comprises total lending to 
Swedish households with single-family homes or housing co-operative apartments as collateral, which 
also includes loans with loan-to-value ratios in excess of Stadshypotek’s permitted loan-to-value ratios 
and which, where applicable, are included in the loan portfolio of Stadshypotek’s parent company, 
Handelsbanken. The market share therefore includes Handelsbanken’s lending to Swedish households 
with security in single family homes or housing co-operative apartments.  
Credit Losses  
The Handelsbanken group, including Stadshypotek, regularly evaluates the quality of its credit portfolio 
in order to identify and limit impairment requirements. As of 1 January 2018, IFRS 9 applies for the 
impairment of financial assets. The impairment requirements in IFRS 9 are based on a model for expected 
credit losses and replaced IAS 39, which was based on the incurred loan loss model.  
The assets to be tested for impairment are divided into three stages depending on the degree of credit 
impairment. Stage 1 is where the credit risk of the financial asset has not increased significantly since 
initial recognition. Stage 2 is where credit risk of the financial asset has increased significantly since initial 
recognition. Stage 3 is where the financial asset is credit impaired. In Stage 1, expected credit losses are 
recognised which correspond to the loss occurring as a result of default within 12 months. In Stage 2 and 
Stage 3, provisions are to be recognised corresponding to the loss expected to occur as a result of default 
at some time during the whole of the remaining maturity of the asset. The calculation of expected credit 
losses for non-defaulted exposures is undertaken for each loan agreement, and the characteristics of the 
agreement and the counterparty govern the classification and quantification of the provision requirement.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Loans to the public that are subject to impairment testing in accordance with IFRS 9, broken down 
by sector and industry 
Loans to the public broken down by sector and industry as at 31 December 2020 
SEK m 
Gross 
Provisions 
Net 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
 
Private individuals 
961,307 
12,694 
587 
(32) 
(13) 
(63) 
974,480 
Housing co-operative associations 
225,302 
678 
18 
(4) 
(1) 
(7) 
225,986 
Property management 
205,077 
3,261 
56 
(8) 
(18) 
(17) 
208,351 
Manufacturing 
216 
32 
0 
0 
0 
0 
248 
Retail 
728 
99 
6 
(1) 
(2) 
0 
830 
Hotel and restaurant 
526 
307 
0 
(1) 
(4) 
0 
828 
Passenger and goods transport by sea 
9 
4 
- 
0 
0 
- 
13 
Other transport and communication 
565 
47 
- 
0 
(1) 
- 
611 
Construction 
959 
203 
- 
(1) 
(3) 
- 
1,158 
Electricity, gas and water 
811 
1 
- 
0 
0 
- 
812 
Agriculture, hunting and forestry 
13,564 
836 
8 
(5) 
(8) 
0 
14,395 
Other services 
2,526 
336 
1 
(2) 
(4) 
(1) 
2,856 
Holding companies, investment companies 
and insurance companies, mutual funds, etc. 
1,034 
44 
2 
(1) 
0 
(2) 
1,077 
Sovereigns and municipalities 
4,719 
71 
- 
0 
0 
- 
4,790 
Other corporate lending 
2,795 
71 
27 
0 
0 
0 
2,893 
Total 
1,420,138 
18,684 
705 
(55) 
(54) 
(90) 
1,439,328 
Loans to the public broken down by sector and industry as at 31 December 2019 
SEK m 
Gross 
Provisions 
Net 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
 
Private individuals 
922,906 
13,812 
664 
(40) 
(34) 
(52) 
937,256 
Housing co-operative associations 
209,831 
709 
35 
(4) 
0 
(10) 
210,561 
Property management 
191,927 
2,885 
48 
(7) 
(9) 
(6) 
194,838 
Manufacturing 
226 
27 
- 
0 
0 
- 
253 
Retail 
695 
117 
7 
0 
(1) 
(1) 
817 
Hotel and restaurant 
620 
84 
0 
0 
0 
0 
704 
Passenger and goods transport by sea 
13 
- 
- 
0 
- 
- 
13 
Other transport and communication 
565 
43 
- 
0 
0 
- 
608 
Construction 
968 
190 
- 
0 
(1) 
- 
1,157 
Electricity, gas and water 
1,156 
47 
- 
0 
0 
- 
1,203 
Agriculture, hunting and forestry 
10,666 
1,057 
17 
(4) 
(6) 
0 
11,730 
Other services 
2,391 
326 
1 
(1) 
(2) 
(1) 
2,714 
Holding, investment and insurance 
companies, mutual funds, etc. 
996 
78 
2 
0 
0 
(2) 
1,074 
Sovereigns and municipalities 
7,075 
88 
- 
0 
0 
- 
7,163 
Other corporate lending 
2,621 
121 
108 
0 
(1) 
0 
2,849 
Total 
1,352,656 
19,584 
882 
(56) 
(54) 
(72) 
1,372,940 
In 2020, net credit losses totalled SEK 9 million, while in 2019, net recoveries exceeded credit losses and 
the net amount recovered was SEK 9 million. The credit loss ratio was 0.00 per cent. (0.00 per cent. in 
2019) of total lending (see calculation of credit loss ratio below). The largest credit loss attributable to a 
single customer or customer category was SEK 4.2 million in 2020 (SEK 6.2 million in 2019). The ten 
largest loan losses totalled SEK 23 million in 2020 (SEK 15 million in 2019).  
Effects of COVID-19 
Uncertainty in financial markets and throughout the economy in general as a result of the global COVID-
19 pandemic have continued to have limited impact on Stadshypotek. The option to apply for a temporary 
exemption from amortisation, initiated by the SFSA, and which applied until August 2021, was taken up 
by some customers. Stadshypotek’s access to funding remained strong in 2021. In accordance with IFRS 
9, an extra provision of SEK 23 million was made in 2020 to cover the expected credit losses due to 
COVID-19 and in the first six months of 2021 an extra provision of SEK 20 million was made. As at 30

--- Page 126 ---
126 
June 2021, net recoveries exceeded credit losses and the net amount recovered amounted to SEK 6 million 
which corresponds to a loan loss ratio of 0.00 per cent. 
The table below shows net credit losses for the periods indicated:  
SEK m 
As at 30 
June 
2021 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
As at 31 
December 
2019 
Total expected credit losses in Stage 3  
(5) 
(25) 
(20) 
Total expected credit losses in Stage 1 and Stage 2 
(1) 
0 
(2) 
Total expected credit losses on off-balance sheet items 
0 
0 
0 
Total write-offs  
(3) 
(8) 
(7) 
Recoveries  
13 
24 
38 
Net credit losses  
6 
(9) 
9 
 
Calculation of credit loss ratio 
SEK m 
As at 30  
June 2021 
As at 31 
December 2020 
As at 31 
December 2019 
Loans to the public, beginning of year 
1,439,328 
1,372,940 
1,299,745 
Credit losses 
6 
(9) 
9 
 
 
 
 
Credit loss ratio (%)* 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
* Credit loss ratio expressed as a percentage of loans to the public as at 31 December 2019 and 2020 is calculated 
as credit losses on loans to the public in relation to loans to the public at the beginning of the year. Credit loss 
ratio expressed as a percentage of loans to the public as at 30 June 2021 is calculated as credit losses on loans 
to the public on a full year basis in relation to loans to the public at the beginning of the year. 
Organisational Structure and Management  
The Stadshypotek group consists of the parent company, Stadshypotek, and its wholly owned subsidiary, 
Svenska Intecknings Garanti AB Sigab (a dormant company). Stadshypotek is responsible for 
Handelsbanken’s mortgage lending business in Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Finland.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Stadshypotek’s treasury function is integrated with Handelsbanken’s treasury department. A collaboration 
agreement regulates the overall relationship between the parties and individual outsourcing agreements 
specify the services which Handelsbanken is to perform on behalf of Stadshypotek. The following chart 
shows Stadshypotek’s organisational structure: 
Overall responsibility for the administration of Stadshypotek is vested in the Board of Directors. Sweden’s 
Banking and Financing Activities Act requires a credit market company to have a board of directors 
consisting of not less than three members. Stadshypotek’s Board of Directors consists of the following six 
elected members:  
Göran Stille, Head of Financing at Handelsbanken, Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2021, 
Member of the Board of Directors since 2021. 
Michael Bertorp, Member of the Board of Directors since 2013.  
Helena Håkansson, Employee Representative, Member of the Board of Directors since 2018.  
Jörgen Olander, Deputy Head of Finance and Reporting at Handelsbanken plc, Member of the Board of 
Directors since 2021. 
Louise Sander, Chief Communications Officer of Handelsbanken,  Member of the Board of Directors 
since 2020. 
Michael Sterne, Head of Östergötland County, Member of the Board of Directors since 2021. 
Day to day management of Stadshypotek’s activities is vested in its Management Board which consists of 
the following seven members:  
David Haqvinsson, Chief Executive, employed since 2020. 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB ( publ) 
Management Board 
David Haqvinsson - Chief Executive Officer 
Klas Arnald – Personnel 
Niklas Eklund – Head of Product Development 
Mattias Lidgren – Funding 
Helena Westin – Information and Analysis 
Tomas Wistedt – Credits 
Anna Österman- Property Valuation 
 
Board of Directors 
Göran Stille, Chairman 
Michael Bertorp 
Helena Håkansson, Employee Representative 
Jörgen  Olander 
Louise Sander 
Michael Sterne 
 
Stadshypotek AB (publ)

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Klas Arnald, Personnel, employed by Handelsbanken.  
Niklas Eklund, Head of Product Development, employed since 2020. 
Mattias Lidgren, Funding, employed by Handelsbanken.  
Helena Westin, Information and Analysis, employed since 2018. 
Tomas Wistedt, Credits, employed since 2018. 
Anna Österman, Property Valuation, employed since 2019. 
The business address of each of the members of Stadshypotek’s Board of Directors and Management 
Board is Stadshypotek’s registered office, Torsgatan 14, SE-103 70 Stockholm, Sweden. None of them 
have any commitments or assignments outside of the Handelsbanken group that affect the interests of 
Stadshypotek.  
Conflicts of interest may arise between the above-mentioned persons’ private interests and Stadshypotek’s 
interests. In order to avoid such conflicts of interest as far as possible and to indicate the manner in which 
the individual should act in the event a conflict of interest should arise, Stadshypotek’s Board of Directors 
adopted a policy for conflicts of interest which describes how a conflict of interest should be handled. 
Stadshypotek has also adopted a number of policies and guidelines such as ethical guidelines, guidelines 
for employees’ engagements outside Stadshypotek and rules regarding securities and currency transactions 
by employees. The provisions of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)), 
regarding inter alia conflicts of interest, apply to members of the Board of Directors.  
There are no identified conflicts of interest between the duties to Stadshypotek of each of (i) the members 
of the Board of Directors and (ii) the Management Board listed above and his/her private interests or other 
duties.  
Regulatory Environment  
For more than a century, banking in Sweden has been subject to close government inspection and control. 
This inspection and control is presently exercised by the SFSA. The SFSA has regulatory powers conferred 
by law, including the power to make accounting regulations and to require banks and credit market 
companies to submit monthly financial statements and a variety of risk reports and to carry out periodic 
reviews to ensure that each institution’s operations comply with the laws regulating banking operations as 
well as such institution’s Articles of Association. The SFSA may appoint one or more auditors who, 
together with the auditors elected by the shareholders at the annual general meeting of each institution, 
examine the financial statements and administration of such bank. The SFSA has chosen not to appoint 
such an auditor with respect to Stadshypotek since the fiscal year ended 31 December 2006.  
Capital Adequacy 
Framework 
The current capital adequacy regulations comprise Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (CRR), which was 
directly applicable in Sweden, and Capital Requirements Directive (2013/36/EU) (CRD IV Directive and, 
together with CRR, CRD), which was implemented in Sweden through two acts, the Swedish Capital 
Buffers Act (2014:966) and the Swedish Special Supervision of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms 
Act (2014:968). The CRR establishes certain minimum liquidity standards which apply directly to all 
credit institutions in the EEA and CRD reinforces capital standards and establishes a leverage ratio 
backstop.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Banks are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital in relation to risk weighted assets (so-
called “own funds” requirements, Pillar 1). Banks are also required to hold various capital buffers  in 
addition to the own funds requirement. To cover those risk elements not fully covered by the Pillar 1 
requirements further capital requirements may be imposed by the SFSA under the framework of its 
supervisory review process (referred to as Pillar 2). 
The CRR was amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 (the CRR II) in regards to the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements. 
The CRD IV Directive was amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 (the CRD V Directive) in regards to exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures. The amended versions of the CRR and CRD IV Directive came into force 
on 27 June 2019. The date of application of the new rules varies from the date of entry into force and 
between 12 months and four years after the entry into force. 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a proposal for targeted amendments to the CRR 
intended to maximise the capacity of credit institutions to lend and to absorb losses related to the Covid-
19 pandemic. The proposed amendments were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 
26 June 2020 and entered into force on 27 June 2020. The amendments include, amongst other things: an 
extension of the current transitional arrangements under the CRR for mitigating the impact of IFRS 9 
provisions on regulatory capital; and bringing forward the application of certain amendments to the CRR 
under the EU Banking Reforms intended to encourage banks to lend to small and medium-sized enterprises 
and support infrastructure investments. 
In addition to the capital adequacy rules, Directive 2014/59/EU (the BRRD), which took effect on 1 
January 2015, aims to provide “ resolution authorities” with common tools and powers to address banking 
crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses. 
The powers provided to resolution authorities in the BRRD include bail-in tools with write 
down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments (including, but not limited to, instruments 
included in regulatory capital) fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution. 
The BRRD was implemented in Sweden on 1 February 2016 through the Swedish Resolutions Act (Sw. 
lag (2015:1016) om resolution). The BRRD was amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 in regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. The amended version of the BRRD entered into force 
on 27 June 2019, and the Swedish amendments to the BRRD entered into force on 1 July 2021. 
The amended versions of the BRRD and the CRD, including their Swedish implementation, are a recently 
adopted set of rules and regulations. Accordingly, certain aspects of those rules and regulations, their 
interpretation by the relevant regulatory authorities, and the manner they will be applied to Stadshypotek 
and Handelsbanken remain uncertain to a degree. 
Stadshypotek’s and Handelsbanken’s capital adequacy 
According to the current capital adequacy framework, the Handelsbanken group must have CET1 capital 
of at least 4.5 per cent., tier 1 capital of at least 6 per cent. and total own funds that correspond to at least 
8 per cent. of total risk-weighted exposure for credit risks, market risks and operational risks.  
In addition to maintaining capital to meet the minimum capital requirement, the Handelsbanken group 
must also maintain CET1 capital to comply with the combined buffer requirement, which in Sweden 
comprises the sum of a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent., a countercyclical buffer of up to 2.5 
per cent. a buffer of 1 per cent. due to the Handelsbanken group’s designation as an “other systemically

--- Page 130 ---
130 
important institution” (O-SII) and finally a systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent. The established combined 
buffer requirements must be satisfied, for example, to avoid restrictions on dividends. 
The capital conservation buffer builds up capital during good times with the aim of preventing banks from 
breaching capital requirements during difficult periods. The countercyclical buffer, which is specified by 
the SFSA, will vary over the business cycle, with the aim of counteracting excessive credit growth. As of 
16 March 2020, a countercyclical buffer of 0.0 per cent. has been applied in Sweden. However,  on 29 
September 2021 the SFSA decided to raise the countercyclical buffer rate to 1 per cent. effective from 29 
September 2022. As to countercyclical buffer requirements for exposures outside of Sweden, the SFSA 
will recognise buffer levels of up to 2.5 per cent. applied by a competent authority in the country in which 
such exposures reside. In Norway, the buffer is currently 1.0 per cent., but will be increased to 1.5 per 
cent. effective from 30 June 2022. In Denmark and in the UK the buffer requirement is currently 0.0 per 
cent. However, in Denmark the buffer requirement will be increased to 1.0 per cent. effective from 30 
September 2022. The countercyclical buffer requirements were lowered as a consequence of the spread of 
COVID-19 and its impact on the economy but higher requirements are now gradually being restored.  
The aim of the systemic risk buffer is to create a buffer at the largest banks in Sweden to protect the 
banking system as a whole in times of financial instability. 
In addition to the above-mentioned requirements, referred to as the Pillar 1 requirement, the 
Handelsbanken group must hold capital for requirements under Pillar 2 of the regulations. These 
requirements are specific to each institution and are determined by the SFSA. Various factors are assessed 
within Pillar 2, such as concentration risks, pension risk, interest rate risk in the non-trading book, etc. The 
SFSA has also introduced a risk weight floor in Pillar 2 on exposures to property companies. The floors 
are 35 per cent. for exposures to property companies with collateral in commercial property in Sweden 
and 25 per cent. for exposures to property companies with collateral in residential property in Sweden. 
The SFSA also calculates the need to hold buffer capital under a Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G). The guidance 
does not result in any further capital charge for the Handelsbanken group as long as it is not estimated to 
be in excess of the capital conservation buffer. The P2G is set by the SFSA as part of the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process. 
From 31 December 2018, Swedish mortgage loans are subject to a risk weight floor in Pillar 1, in 
accordance with Article 458 of the CRR. The floor is 25 per cent. and has a direct effect on the risk-
weighted exposure amount and it is therefore reflected in the minimum capital requirements of the 
Handelsbanken group. 
Furthermore, temporary floors for average risk weights in Pillar 1 for all Norwegian residential and 
commercial real estate exposures at 20 per cent. and 35 per cent, respectively are applied. The floors will 
apply at least until 31 December 2022 and are therefore reflected in the minimum capital requirements of 
the Handelsbanken group and of Stadshypotek.  
According to the capital adequacy regulations, Stadshypotek must have CET1 capital, tier 1 capital and 
total own funds which at least correspond to the requirements for individual institutions relative to total 
risk-weighted exposure to credit risks, market risks and operational risks. In addition to maintaining capital 
according to the minimum requirement, Stadshypotek must also hold sufficient levels of CET1 capital to 
provide the capital conservation buffer and to satisfy any countercyclical buffer requirement and is subject 
to additional capital requirements according to Pillar 2. However, no systemic risk buffers are applicable 
to Stadshypotek at the entity level. Stadshypotek is also subject to requirements under Pillar 2. 
Under the regulations each institution must perform an internal capital assessment. Stadshypotek’s capital 
policy – most recently adopted by Stadshypotek’s Board of Directors in 2020 – specifies guidelines for 
the internal capital adequacy assessment.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
From 28 June, 2021, the Handelsbanken group, including Stadshypotek, is also subject to a binding 
leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. The capital ratio is defined as the tier 1 capital in relation to total 
assets, including certain off-balance-sheet items recalculated using the credit conversion factor defined in 
the standardised approach, as well as regulatory adjustments of own funds. 
Stadshypotek’s own funds 
Stadshypotek’s own funds consist of tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital. The tier 1 capital is divided into CET1 
capital and additional tier 1 capital. CET1 capital mainly comprises equity and has been affected by the 
Stadshypotek Board of Directors' proposal for appropriation of profits. Deductions for intangible assets 
are made from the CET1 capital. A neutrality adjustment is also made to reflect the effect of cash flow 
hedges on equity. Institutions with permission to use internal ratings based models (IRB Institutions) 
must make a deduction for the difference between expected credit losses under the internal ratings based 
method and the provisions recognised in the accounts for probable credit losses where the expected credit 
losses exceed the provisions made. The deduction is made from CET1 capital.  
Additional tier 1 capital consists of additional tier 1 capital instruments issued to Handelsbanken. Tier 2 
capital consists of subordinated loans with a maturity of at least five years. 
Components of Stadshypotek’s risk-weighted exposure 
Credit risk – Since Stadshypotek’s lending takes place through Handelsbanken’s branch network, 
Handelsbanken’s IRB Approach is also applied for Stadshypotek’s risk classification and for calculating 
the credit risk for Stadshypotek’s credits. The SFSA has approved the Handelsbanken group’s IRB 
Approach. There are two different IRB Approaches, a foundation approach and an advanced approach. In 
the foundation approach, Handelsbanken uses its own methods to determine the probability of the 
customer defaulting within one year, while the other parameters are set by the SFSA. In the advanced 
approach, Handelsbanken uses its own methods to calculate the loss in the case of default and the exposure 
at default. The advanced IRB Approach has been applied for retail exposures (households and small 
companies) since 2007. Since 31 December 2010, the advanced IRB Approach has been applied for 
medium-sized companies, housing co-operative associations and property companies and in 2013, 
Stadshypotek received the SFSA’s approval to extend its use of the advanced IRB Approach to large 
companies as well. 
Operational risk – Stadshypotek, like Handelsbanken, uses the standardised approach, which means that 
the capital requirement for operational risk is calculated by multiplying a factor specified in the regulations 
by the average operating income during the last three years. 
Market risk – Stadshypotek has no market risks for the purposes of applicable capital adequacy rules. 
Capital ratios 
As at 31 December 2020, Stadshypotek’s capital ratio according to CRD was 20.7 per cent. (21.3 per cent. 
in 2019), its tier 1 ratio was 16.0 per cent. (15.3 per cent. in 2019), its CET1 ratio was 13.1 per cent. (13.4 
per cent. in 2019) and its leverage ratio was 3.18 per cent.  
Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities - MREL 
Since 1 February 2016, the resolution authority in Sweden, which is the Swedish National Debt Office 
(Sw. Riksgälden) (the SNDO), must also establish MREL requirements for the Handelsbanken group as 
well as for Stadshypotek. In December 2020, the SNDO established a minimum requirement for the 
Handelsbanken group, and simultaneously announced their decision on the minimum requirement for 
Stadshypotek of 3.43 per cent of total liabilities and own funds. During 2020, Stadshypotek complied with 
the statutory minimum level for its own funds requirements.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
From 1 January 2022, the MREL requirement for Stadshypotek will be calculated as a risk-based 
requirement which will be two times the Pillar 1 and the Pillar 2 requirements and, in addition, a market 
confidence buffer will be phased in linearly until 1 January 2024. Furthermore a leverage based MREL 
requirement will be phased in linearly until 1 January 2024, when it will amount to 6 per cent. 
The MREL will need to be met in full with junior liabilities issued to the parent –Handelsbanken. 
Rating of the Notes  
Stadshypotek expects the Notes to be assigned Aaa ratings by Moody’s.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Overview 
Stadshypotek’s operations are conducted with a controlled low level of risk supported by a centralised risk 
management function. Stadshypotek’s main risks are credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk and operational 
risk, out of which, credit risk is the most significant risk for Stadshypotek. Stadshypotek’s Board of 
Directors has established policies describing how various risks should be managed and reported. In 
addition, Stadshypotek’s Chief Executive sets guidelines and instructions for managing and controlling all 
types of risk. These documents are based on the policies that the Board of Directors of Handelsbanken has 
adopted for managing and reporting risks within the Handelsbanken group as a whole. Stadshypotek’s risk 
management aims to ensure compliance with the strict approach to risk established by Stadshypotek’s 
Board of Directors.  
Stadshypotek has a risk control function which is independent of business operations and is responsible 
for the regular follow-up and monitoring of all risks applying to operations, primarily credit risk, market 
risk, liquidity risk, counterparty risk and operational risk. The risk control function carries out daily 
measurements and checks to ensure that risk exposure for market, liquidity and counterparty risks is within 
the set limits. Limit utilisation is reported internally within the Stadshypotek, and to Handelsbanken’s 
Group Risk Control. In addition, limit utilisation is reported regularly to the Chief Executive and the Board 
of Directors of Stadshypotek.  
Stadshypotek is also covered by Group Risk Control at Handelsbanken, which is tasked to identify the 
Handelsbanken group’s risks, gauge them, and ensure that management of these risks complies with the 
Handelsbanken group’s low risk tolerance. Group Risk Control is responsible for the independent 
reporting of risks for the Handelsbanken group of which Stadshypotek is a part. Group Risk Control also 
develops and provides models for measuring risk that are applied in Stadshypotek’s operations and 
performs certain calculations that provide a basis for some of Stadshypotek’s external reporting. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is defined as the risk of Stadshypotek facing economic loss because its counterparties cannot 
fulfil their contractual obligations. Stadshypotek’s credit risk exposure primarily arises from its lending 
activities and to a lesser extent from its derivative agreements. 
Lending is to be made in accordance with the terms stated in credit instructions for Stadshypotek, 
established annually by Stadshypotek’s Board of Directors. The credit instructions include the maximum 
permitted loan-to-value ratio for various property types and a requirement that loans above a certain 
amount be subject to an advance examination conducted by Stadshypotek’s credit department before the 
loan can be disbursed.  
Stadshypotek’s lending takes place through Handelsbanken’s branch office network. Lending operations 
are based on the same principles that apply at Handelsbanken, but also take into account other special 
instructions and regulations regarding the granting of credit, as specified by Stadshypotek. The branches 
are responsible for credit decisions, but large credits are subject to limits and are assessed by a special 
credit organisation. Decisions on limits are made at the branch, regional/county or central level, depending 
on the size of the credit limit.  
According to the Handelsbanken group’s and Stadshypotek’s credit policy, weak repayment capacity can 
never be accepted on the grounds of good collateral being offered. Collateral may, however, substantially 
reduce Stadshypotek’s loss if the borrower cannot fulfil his/her commitments towards Stadshypotek. 
Credits in Stadshypotek must therefore always be satisfactorily secured by mortgages in property or a co-
operative apartment. Unsecured credit may be granted when the borrower or guarantor is a government, 
county council or municipality, or when lending to joint ownership associations.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
See “Description of the Issuer – Stadshypotek’s Lending Policies” and “Description of the Issuer - Loan 
Portfolio” for further details.  
The use of derivative agreements in connection with the Issuer’s funding leads to credit exposure to the 
banks that are counterparties to these agreements. Such a risk arises when the Issuer has entered into 
derivative agreements, such as forward rate contracts or swaps with a counterparty and there is a risk that 
this counterparty will not be able to meet its commitments. If such a situation arises, a new equivalent 
contract must be acquired in the market to replace the old one. This may entail a cost, depending on price 
developments in the market in question. Since November 2013,  the Issuer’s derivative agreements are 
entered into with Handelsbanken as the counterparty, which means that it is Handelsbanken that bears this 
type of risk. If Stadshypotek were again to enter into derivative agreements with an external counterparty, 
these would be restricted by credit limits established as part of the standard credit process at 
Handelsbanken and assigned to Stadshypotek.  
Market Risks 
Market risks originate from changes in price and volatility on the financial markets; the market risks 
affecting Stadshypotek are interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk. Stadshypotek’s Board of Directors 
sets limits for interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk to manage such risks.  
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risks arise when the rate adjustment periods for financial assets and liabilities or derivatives 
do not coincide. 
Due to the concentration of the benchmark loans to a small number of final maturity dates, it is not possible 
to match maturities in a traditional manner. Instead the general method for achieving risk-neutral matching 
is based on the use of two different bond loans to finance one lending transaction. Since one of the bond 
loans has a somewhat shorter maturity than the lending and the other a somewhat longer maturity, interest 
rate risks which can balance each other are achieved so that the borrowing is risk-neutral with respect to 
the lending. Stadshypotek uses interest rate swaps to hedge against risks on its balance sheet. Long-term 
funding may be shortened using interest rate swaps, so that the interest rate adjustment period matches the 
short-term lending at fixed and variable rates.  
Foreign exchange risk  
Stadshypotek has branches in Denmark, Finland and Norway. Currency exposure of a structural nature 
arises because the company accounts are expressed in Swedish Kronor. This structural risk is managed by 
weighting the reduction of the respective impacts of exchange rate movements on either capital ratios or 
equity. The Stadshypotek Board of Directors has therefore established the maximum impact on equity 
which the structural currency position is permitted to allow when hedging capital ratios. 
The foreign exchange risk in connection with funding in foreign currencies is eliminated by matching 
currency swaps. Stadshypotek has issued bonds in euro and GBP under this programme and in U.S. dollars 
under the U.S. Medium Term Covered Bond Programme, all of which were converted into Swedish 
Kronor using cross currency interest rate swaps. The aim is that the business should not at any point be 
exposed to foreign exchange risk as the result of funding in markets outside Sweden. All other refinancing 
in the foreign markets is raised through Handelsbanken and is subsequently transferred to Stadshypotek 
in Swedish Kronor.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that Stadshypotek will not be able to meet its payment obligations when they fall 
due without being affected by unacceptable costs or losses. Stadshypotek’s Board of Directors decides on 
the limits for liquidity risk. 
Liquidity risk is measured and limited by carrying out a gap analysis of cash flows for various maturities 
and all currencies, and also a gap analysis of groups of currencies. The liquidity deficit consists of the 
amount by which estimated outgoing payments exceed estimated incoming payments, and is restricted by 
limits. To an increasing extent, loans with a short interest fixing period and variable rate loans are funded 
by long-term funding in order to minimise the liquidity risk. However, some of this lending is still funded 
through the issuance of short-term instruments. The maturity structure of this funding is well-diversified 
and adapted so that Handelsbanken’s liquidity at group level is in balance. In addition, Stadshypotek is 
covered by an agreement regarding liquidity support within the Handelsbanken group.  
Stadshypotek’s liquidity situation is regularly stress-tested. The stress tests focus on the short-term effects 
in the case of certain assumptions of relevance to its operations, for example, disruptions in the market for 
covered bonds. Group Risk Control conducts stress tests focusing on long-term disruptions for the entire 
Handelsbanken group, taking Stadshypotek’s liquidity requirements into consideration.  
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss due to inadequate or failed internal processes, human error, 
malfunctioning systems, or external events and includes legal risk. 
Most of Stadshypotek’s business is conducted within the framework of a number of individual outsourcing 
agreements that the company has with Handelsbanken. Responsibility for the identification, management 
and control of operational risk in Stadshypotek and the Handelsbanken group is an integrated part of 
managerial responsibility at all levels of the operations. In accordance with guidelines issued by the Chief 
Executive, an annual evaluation of operational risk is carried out for the purposes of identifying operational 
risks and quantifying the losses that may arise. Risk indicators, which were implemented in 2015, are one 
method of identifying operational risks at an early stage. Risk Control at Stadshypotek reports operational 
risk to the Board of Directors and to Handelsbanken's Group Risk Control on a quarterly basis. In addition, 
Risk Control carries out an overall review of the company's operational risks annually. The results of these 
reviews are reported to the Board of Directors and the manager responsible for operational risk at the 
parent company.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
TAXATION 
Swedish Taxation 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to Noteholders. The summary 
is based on the laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general information only. 
The summary does not address, inter alia, situations where Notes are held in an investment savings 
account (Sw. investeringssparkonto), the tax consequences in connection with a write down or conversion 
of Notes, the existence of the ability of relevant regulatory authorities to effect such a write-down or 
conversion, the rules applicable to disposals by private individuals who have been residents in Sweden 
for tax purposes due to a habitual abode or continuous stay in Sweden at any time during the calendar 
year of disposal or redemption in the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption, or 
the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Further, the summary does 
not address credit of foreign taxes in Sweden. Investors should consult a professional tax advisor 
regarding the Swedish tax and other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties 
for the avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular 
circumstances. 
Holders not tax resident in Sweden 
Payments of any principal or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to the 
holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such a holder (i) is not 
resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and (ii) does not have a permanent establishment in Sweden 
to which the Notes are effectively connected. 
Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is not imposed on payments of any principal or any 
amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes, except in relation to certain payments 
of interest (and other returns on Notes) to a private individual (or the estate of a deceased individual) who 
is (or was) resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes (see “Holders tax resident in Sweden” below). 
Holders tax resident in Sweden 
In general, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) with 
residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (for example, income that is considered 
to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. Specific tax 
consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, for example, life insurance 
companies. Moreover, specific tax consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent that, a holder of 
Notes realises a capital loss on the Notes and to any currency exchange gains or losses. 
If amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled 
in Sweden, including a Swedish branch of a foreign entity, to a private individual (or an estate of a 
deceased individual) with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are 
normally withheld by the legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should normally also 
be withheld on other returns on Notes (but not capital gains), if the return is paid out together with such a 
payment of interest referred to above. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  A number of jurisdictions (including Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently

--- Page 137 ---
137 
in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and 
may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that 
is two years after the date on which final regulation defining foreign passthru payments are published in 
the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as 
equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published 
generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further 
Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to 
pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia, Slovakia (together, the participating Member States) and Estonia. However, Estonia has since 
ceased to participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary 
market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are exempt.   
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is, or is deemed to be, established 
in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and 
the scope of any tax is uncertain. Additional EU member states may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 30 November 2021, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers 
for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme 
and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith.  
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement will identify whether TEFRA 
C rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale 
of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors and Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the 
Prospectus Regulation 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering 
Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA).  For the purposes of this 
provision:

--- Page 139 ---
139 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation 
to each member state of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors, as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering 
Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK).  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 140 ---
140 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication 
in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA)) received by it in

--- Page 141 ---
141 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.  
Sweden  
Each Dealer has confirmed and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or 
issue invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell any Notes or distribute any draft or definite document in 
relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in Sweden except in circumstances that will not result in a 
requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 
of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that the Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, the Offering Circular or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or 
purchase of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (as amended, the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined 
in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
1.1 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
1.2 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 142 ---
142 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferable within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.  
Product classification pursuant to section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore - In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise 
stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), 
all Notes shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).  
France  
This Offering Circular has not been prepared in the context of a public offering of financial securities 
(offre au public de titres financiers) in France within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code and Title I of Book II of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the AMF), and has therefore not been, and will not be, submitted for the approval of the AMF.  
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Offering Circular, the relevant 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, and that such offers, sales and distributions 
have been and will be made in France only to (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio 
management for the account of third parties (personne fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion 
de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) within the 
meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation other than individuals, acting for their own account, 
or to a closed circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs) acting for its own account, all as defined 
in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 to D.411-4, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-
1 of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
Pursuant to Article 211-3 of the General Regulation of the AMF, investors in France are informed that the 
Notes may only be issued, directly or indirectly, to the public in France in accordance with Articles L.411-
1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 to L.621-8-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be

--- Page 143 ---
143 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Switzerland 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Offering Circular is not intended to constitute an offer or 
solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes and the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no 
application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this 
Offering Circular nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General  
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it 
is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Trustee 
nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.  
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
Authorisation  
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 19 April 2021. 
Listing of Notes  
This Offering Circular has been approved by the Central Bank as a base prospectus. Application has been 
made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes) within the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II.  
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or any 
other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  
Documents Available  
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection as stated below:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer (on the website of 
the Issuer at https://www.handelsbanken.com/en/about-the-group/organisation/subsidiaries); 
(b) 
a 
copy 
of 
the 
Trust 
Deed 
(on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.handelsbanken.com/en/investor-relations/debt-investors);  
(c) 
a 
copy 
of 
this 
Offering 
Circular 
(on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/24633/documents);  
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this Offering 
Circular 
and 
Final 
Terms 
(on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/24633/documents); and 
(e) 
Pricing Supplements will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes 
and identity.  
In addition, copies of this Offering Circular, any supplement to this Offering Circular and each Final Terms 
relating to Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
Clearing Systems  
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche 
of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. If the Notes are to clear through

--- Page 145 ---
145 
an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the 
Issuer and its wholly owned subsidiary (the Issuer's Group) since 30 June 2021 and there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Issuer’s Group since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which during the 12 months preceding the date of this 
Offering Circular may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Issuer’s Group.  
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer named in the following paragraph have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without 
qualification, in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities 
Companies for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
The auditor for the Issuer is, and for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 was, 
Ernst & Young AB, with Jesper Nilsson as auditor in charge. The auditor is an Authorised Public 
Accountant and a member of FAR, the Swedish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants and does not 
have a material interest in the Issuer. 
Trust Deed 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on certificates or reports from the Auditors (as defined 
in the Trust Deed) and/or any other expert in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed whether or 
not any such certificate or report or any engagement letter or other document entered into by the Trustee 
and the Auditors or such other expert in connection therewith contains any limit on the liability (monetary 
or otherwise) of the Auditors or such other expert. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issue of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference

--- Page 146 ---
146 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
Irish Listing Agent  
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes issued under the 
Programme to the Official List or trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation.  
Language of this Offering Circular  
The language of this Offering Circular is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 147 ---
ISSUER 
Stadshypotek AB (publ) 
Torsgatan 14 
SE-103 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English Law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers and the Trustee 
as to English law 
as to Swedish law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Advokatfirman Vinge KB 
One Bishops Square 
Smålandsgatan 20 
London E1 6AD 
SE-111 87 Stockholm 
United Kingdom 
Sweden 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 148 ---
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer for the financial year 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 
Ernst & Young AB 
Jesper Nilsson  
Box 7850 
SE-103 99 
Sweden 
DEALERS  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
One Molesworth Street 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
75009 Paris 
Ireland 
France 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
51 Rue La Boétie 
Reuterweg 16 
75008 Paris 
Frankfurt Am Main 
France 
Germany 60 323 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
12 Place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
Federal Republic of Germany 
France 
 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Danske Bank A/S 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
28001 Madrid 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Spain 
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
Marienturm 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
Federal Republic of Germany 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan AG 
38, avenue Kléber 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
75116 Paris 
 60310 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Natixis 
25 Cabot Square 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France 
 Canary Wharf 
75013 Paris 
London E14 4QA 
France 
United Kingdom 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Rathenauplatz 1 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
The Netherlands 
Germany

--- Page 149 ---
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
RBC Europe Limited 
Taunusanlage 17 
100 Bishopsgate 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
London EC2N 4AA 
Germany 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Société Générale 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
75009 Paris 
France  
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany