--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND BASE LISTING PARTICULARS dated 8 July 2022 
STANDARD CHARTERED BANK 
(incorporated with limited liability in England by Royal Charter 1853 with reference 
number ZC18) 
 
and 
STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG) LIMITED 渣打銀行 (香港) 有限公司 
(incorporated with limited liability in Hong Kong: number 875305) 
and 
STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (SINGAPORE) LIMITED 
(incorporated with limited liability in Singapore: registration number 201224747C) 
each an issuer under the  
Base Prospectus 
Pursuant to the U.S.$15,000,000,000 Notes, Certificates and Warrants Programme 
This Base Prospectus / Base Listing Particulars 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for each of the Issuers for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities other than Exempt Securities issued by the 
relevant Issuer. Any such Securities issued under the Programme pursuant to this Base Prospectus 
on or after the date hereof are issued subject to the provisions herein. This does not affect any 
Securities issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus. When used in this Base Prospectus, 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base listing particulars in respect of Exempt Securities (as further 
detailed under "Listing" below). 
Securities 
Under the Notes, Certificates and Warrants Programme (the "Programme") as described in this Base 
Prospectus, each of, Standard Chartered Bank, acting through its principal office in London or, if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined herein), acting through a specified branch 
("SCB"), Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited ("SCBHK") and Standard Chartered Bank 
(Singapore) Limited ("SCBSL") and, together with SCB and SCBHK, the "Issuers" and each an 
"Issuer") may from time to time issue: 
 
notes (the "Notes");  
 
certificates (the "Certificates"); and  
 
warrants (the "Warrants" and, together with Notes and Certificates, the "Securities"). 
Securities may include: 
 
Notes which are equity or fund linked Notes (the "Equity Linked Notes"); 
 
Certificates which are equity or fund linked Certificates (the "Equity Linked Certificates"); 
 
Warrants which are equity or fund linked Warrants (the "Equity Linked Warrants", and 
together with the Equity Linked Notes and Equity Linked Certificates, the "Equity Linked 
Securities"); 
 
Notes which are market access product Notes (the "Market Access Product Notes");

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
Certificates which are market access product Certificates (the "Market Access Product 
Certificates"); 
 
Warrants which are market access product Warrants (the "Market Access Product 
Warrants" and, together with the Market Access Product Notes and Market Access Product 
Certificates, the "Market Access Product Securities", and the Equity Linked Securities 
together with the Market Access Product Securities, the "EMAP Securities" or "Equity and 
Market Access Product Securities"); 
 
Notes which are credit linked Notes (the "Credit Linked Notes"); 
 
Certificates which are credit linked Certificates (the "Credit Linked Certificates", and 
together with the Credit Linked Notes, the "Credit Linked Securities"); 
 
Notes which are currency linked Notes (the "Currency Linked Notes"); 
 
Certificates which are currency linked Certificates (the "Currency Linked Certificates"); 
 
Warrants which are currency linked Warrants (the "Currency Linked Warrants", and 
together with the Currency Linked Notes and the Currency Linked Certificates, the 
"Currency Linked Securities"); 
 
Notes which are commodity linked Notes (the "Commodity Linked Notes"); 
 
Certificates which are commodity linked 
Certificates (the "Commodity Linked 
Certificates"); 
 
Warrants which are commodity linked Warrants (the "Commodity Linked Warrants", and 
together with the Commodity Linked Notes and the Commodity Linked Certificates, the 
"Commodity Linked Securities"); 
 
Notes which are index linked Notes (the "Index Linked Notes"); 
 
Certificates which are index linked Certificates (the "Index Linked Certificates");  
 
Warrants which are index linked Warrants (the "Index Linked Warrants", and together with 
the Index Linked Notes and the Index Linked Certificates, the "Index Linked Securities"); 
and 
 
Notes which are pass-through Notes ("Pass-through Notes") or ("Pass-through 
Securities"). 
Where Securities are linked to any Reference Item(s) (as defined below), they may have payment or 
delivery obligations (as relevant) linked to such Reference Item(s). Such payment or delivery 
obligations may include an early redemption or cancellation feature that depends on the performance 
of the relevant Reference Item(s). As further detailed in the terms and conditions, there are further 
circumstances in which the Securities may redeem or be cancelled prior to the scheduled maturity or 
settlement date. 
Notes may bear or pay no interest, be zero coupon notes, or may pay interest at: 
 
a fixed rate; 
 
a fixed rate subject to the "FX Performance Interest Notes" provisions set out in the 
Currency Terms; 
 
a fixed rate subject to "range accrual" provisions determined by reference to the relevant 
floating rate(s) and/or swap rate(s); 
 
a floating rate; 
 
a floating rate subject to "range accrual" provisions determined by reference to the relevant 
floating rate(s) and/or swap rate(s);  
 
a floating rate subject to the "FX Performance Interest Notes" provisions set out in the 
Currency Terms; or

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
where the Notes are Exempt Securities, a rate that is determined in accordance with a 
formula and/or linked to the relevant Reference Item(s).  
Certificates may not bear or pay any interim amounts but may pay interim payments linked to the 
relevant Reference Item(s).  
Warrants do not bear or pay any interest or interim amounts but may pay interim payments linked to 
the relevant Reference Item(s).  
Notes may be denominated in one currency (a denomination currency) but payments may be made in 
a different currency (a payment currency) by converting the amount of the relevant payment into the 
payment currency by reference to a currency exchange rate ("Alternate Currency Notes"). 
Commodity Linked Securities, Index Linked Securities and Pass-Through Securities may only be 
Exempt Securities. Furthermore, Certificates may only be Exempt Securities.  
Potential investors should ensure that they read the terms and conditions of the Securities in order to 
understand the relevant payment and/or delivery obligations of the Issuer under them.  
Terms and Conditions 
This Base Prospectus contains, amongst other things, the legal terms and conditions relating to the 
Securities, which comprise the following: 
either 
 
general terms and conditions that apply to all Notes (referred to as the "General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes");  
 
general terms and conditions that apply to all Certificates (referred to as the "General 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates"); or 
 
general terms and conditions that apply to all Warrants (referred to as the "General Terms 
and Conditions of the Warrants"); 
and, where the Securities are linked to a Reference Item(s) or are Credit Linked Securities: 
 
terms relating to the asset or assets to which the Securities are linked (if any) (referred to as 
the "Product Terms") being any of: 
 
the Equity and Market Access Product Terms; 
 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version); 
 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version); 
 
the Currency Terms; 
 
the Commodity Terms; 
 
the Index Terms; or 
 
the Pass-Through Terms.  
In relation to each issue of Securities, the "Conditions" of such Securities are the above Terms and 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Issue Terms, to which may be attached (in relation to 
Warrants only) a summary of the Conditions. As the minimum denomination of a Note and the 
minimum issue price of a Certificate, which in either case, is admitted to trading on an European 
Economic Area ("EEA") exchange or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, is 
€100,000, a summary is only required in relation to Warrants which are admitted to trading on an EEA 
exchange or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, and not to Notes or Certificates (see 
also "Denominations" on page 5 below).

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Ratings 
The Programme has not been rated by any rating agency. 
The rating of certain Securities to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. For the avoidance of doubt, ratings assigned to any such Securities may be 
different from the relevant Issuer's long term senior debt ratings set out below. Please also refer to 
"Credit ratings may not reflect all risks" in the Risk Factors below. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
SCB's long term senior debt ratings are:  
A1 by Moody's Investors Service Singapore Pte. Ltd. ("Moody's Singapore"),  
A+ by Standard & Poor's Hong Kong Limited ("S&P") and  
A+ by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch"); and  
SCBHK's long term senior debt ratings are:  
A1 by Moody's Investors Service Hong Kong Limited ("Moody's Hong Kong") and  
A+ by S&P.  
SCBSL's long term senior debt ratings are:  
A1 by Moody's Singapore  
A+ by S&P Global Ratings Singapore Pte. Ltd. ("S&P Singapore"); and  
A+ by Fitch Ratings Singapore Pte. Ltd. ("Fitch Singapore"). 
Listing 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuers or of the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  Such approval relates only to the 
Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (the "Markets in Financial Instruments Directive") and/or which are to be 
offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for Securities issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Securities, as defined below) 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. References in this Base 
Prospectus to Securities being "listed" (and all related references) on Euronext Dublin shall mean that 
such Securities have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. The 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive. 
In addition, application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of this Base Prospectus as 
Base Listing Particulars. Application will also be made to Euronext Dublin for Securities issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the global exchange market (the 
"Global Exchange Market") which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Global

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Exchange Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive.  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where 
an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
Save where expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, where Securities are to be admitted 
to trading on the Global Exchange Market or otherwise are Exempt Securities (as defined below), 
references herein to "Base Prospectus" shall be construed to be to "Base Listing Particulars". 
The Programme also permits Securities to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, as the case may be, on such other or further listing 
authorities, stock exchange(s) and/or quotation systems as the relevant Issuer may agree with the 
Manager(s) (as defined below). The Issue Terms in respect of an issue of Securities will specify 
whether or not an application will be made for such Securities to be listed on and admitted to trading 
on a regulated market for the purposes of the Market in Financial Instruments Directive. 
Requirement to publish a prospectus 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Securities 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in 
the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of 
the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Securities" are to 
Securities for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Certificates). The Central Bank has neither approved nor 
reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Base Prospectus does not constitute a "prospectus" for the purposes 
of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") and has been 
prepared on the basis that no prospectus shall be required under the UK Prospectus Regulation for 
any Securities to be offered and sold under it. The Base Prospectus has not been approved or 
reviewed by any regulator which is a competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). 
Denominations 
Warrants have no individual denomination and may be acquired for an issue price of less than 
€100,000 per Warrant. Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified by the 
relevant Issuer save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA will be €100,000 (or if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency) or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
any relevant currency specified in the Issue Terms. In the event that any Certificates are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA, such Certificates will have a minimum issue price per 
Certificate of €100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency). No Securities issued pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus will be offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA or the UK in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or the 
UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Terms of issuances 
Each issue of Securities will be issued on the terms set out in this Base Prospectus and/or any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and in the relevant Issue Terms which (with respect to 
Securities to be listed on the Official List) will be filed with Euronext Dublin on or before the date of 
issue of the Securities of the relevant Tranche (as defined herein). The Issuers may issue Securities 
under the Programme which are intended to be listed on the Official List and which are in a form not 
contemplated herein and/or may issue Securities which are to be offered to the public in a Member 
State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, in which event, a "unitary" or "series" prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
will be made available which will set out the relevant terms applicable to such Securities and/or such 
offer. 
Any additional terms and conditions not set out herein which are applicable to any Exempt Securities 
that may be issued by the Issuers under the Programme will be set out in one or more separate 
offering documents and/or prospectuses and/or pricing supplements which do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Appointment of Manager(s) 
The relevant Issuer may appoint a manager or managers (each a "Manager") for any particular issue 
of Securities issued by it on terms agreed with the relevant Issuer as set out in a purchase agreement 
or other subscription agreement. 
Form of Securities 
Each series of Certificates or Warrants will be represented at all times by a global security and will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Clearing 
System(s). Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form ("Registered 
Notes"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under 
the Programme will not exceed U.S.$15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
Risk Factors 
Prospective purchasers of Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the 
relevant Securities and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the 
suitability of the relevant Securities as an investment in the light of their own circumstances 
and financial condition. Certain issues of Securities involve a high degree of risk and potential 
investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their investment. It is the 
responsibility of prospective purchasers to ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, 
experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, tax, accounting and 
other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in Securities and are not relying 
on the advice of the relevant Issuer, any specified branch or any relevant Manager in that 
regard. See "Risk Factors" below. 
The offering and sale of securities and the distribution of documents relating thereto is 
restricted 
Restrictions have been imposed on offers and sales of the Securities and on the distribution of 
documents relating thereto in the United States of America, the United Kingdom and the EEA. The 
distribution of this document and offers and sales of the Securities in certain other jurisdictions may 
also be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required by the 
relevant Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. See "Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" below.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
Discretionary determinations by the Issuer and Calculation Agent 
During the life of the Securities, certain events may occur which are outside the control of the Issuer 
and Calculation Agent. Under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, if such an event occurs, the 
Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) may determine, in their discretion, to take one or more 
actions available to them in order to deal with the impact of such event on the Securities or, as the 
case may be, on the Issuer or both. Such actions may have an adverse impact on the value of the 
Securities. Further information is set out in the "Overview of the Programme" below. 
Responsibility for information contained in this Base Prospectus 
Each of SCB, SCBHK and SCBSL accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of SCB, SCBHK and SCBSL, the information contained or 
incorporated in this document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
Documents incorporated by reference 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Information on websites 
Other than in relation to documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents incorporated by reference" above), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Information relating to Reference Items 
The applicable Issue Terms will (if applicable) specify the nature of the responsibility taken by the 
relevant Issuer for the information relating to any currency, commodity (or related forward or futures 
contract), equity security, exchange traded fund security, depositary receipt security, fund interest, 
index, relevant account, formula or other factor relating to assets or property (each a "Reference 
Item") to which the relevant Securities relate and which is contained in such Issue Terms. However, 
unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Issue Terms, any such information contained 
therein will only consist of extracts from, or summaries of, information contained in financial and other 
information released publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Reference 
Item. 
No Manager accepts responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, no Manager accepts any responsibility for the contents of this 
Base Prospectus or for any statement made or purported to be made by any Manager or on its behalf 
in connection with the Issuers, or the issue or the offering of the Securities. Each Manager 
accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as 
referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such 
statement. 
Offers to be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Securities in any Member 
State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Securities and any offer of Securities in the UK will 
be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an 
offer in that Member State or the UK of Securities which are the subject of an offering contemplated in

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
this Base Prospectus as completed by Issue Terms in relation to the offer of those Securities may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Manager to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. None of the Issuers 
and any Manager has authorised, nor do any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Securities 
in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuers or any Manager to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
No authorisation to give any information or make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Securities and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers or any Manager. 
No investment recommendation 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Securities (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by any Issuer or any Manager 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Securities should purchase any Securities. Each investor contemplating 
purchasing any Securities should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Securities constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or any Manager to 
any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Securities. 
Information correct as of date of Base Prospectus 
Save as further disclosed below, neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Securities shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuers is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. No Manager has, or will, undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the relevant Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any 
investor in the Securities of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter 
alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
when deciding whether or not to purchase any Securities. If at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Securities and 
which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities profits 
and losses, financial position and prospects of the relevant Issuer, the rights attaching to the 
Securities and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the relevant Issuer, the relevant Issuer 
shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent offering of Securities. 
Securities have not and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
The Securities and, in the case of Securities to be settled by physical delivery of securities, any such 
securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") nor any U.S. state securities law, nor may the Securities be offered 
sold or delivered in the United States or to, or for the benefit of (a) a "U.S. person" as defined under 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), except to certain QIBs (as defined in "U.S. 
Information," below) in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (b) a "U.S. person" as defined 
in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap 
Regulations promulgated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") or the final

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements 
Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act (as 
defined below) or (c) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, 
in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time (such 
persons, "U.S. persons"), unless (i) an exemption from the United States Commodity Exchange Act 
of 1936, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act") is available and (ii) an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws is available. 
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the 
United States 
The Securities and, in the case of Securities to be settled by physical delivery of securities, any 
securities delivered in settlement thereof, have not been approved or disapproved by the United 
States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory 
authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities reviewed or passed upon the 
accuracy or adequacy of this Base Prospectus.  Any representation to the contrary is a criminal 
offence in the United States. The Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, 
contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the Commodity 
Exchange Act and trading in the Securities has not been approved by the CFTC under the 
Commodity Exchange Act. Furthermore, neither the sale of nor trading in any Securities has been 
approved by the CFTC under the Commodity Exchange Act and no U.S. person may at any time 
purchase, trade or maintain a position in such Securities unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. In order to receive payment of any amount or delivery of any Reference Item, 
Warrantholders may be required to certify (a) that the relevant Warrants are not being exercised by or 
on behalf of a U.S. person or a person within the United States and (b) in certain circumstances, that 
the Warrants are being exercised by a QIB (as defined in "U.S. Information", below). 
No offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuers and any Manager represents that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuers or any Manager which 
would permit a public offering of any Securities or the distribution of this document in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities in the 
jurisdictions specified in the section entitled "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions" below. 
You should note that, in relation to any Securities, the Issuer may, without your consent but subject to 
certain conditions, substitute for itself in respect of such Securities, any Affiliate (as defined herein) or 
any other company with which it consolidates, merges or transfers all or substantially all its assets. In 
addition, SCB has the right to change the branch through which it is acting. 
IMPORTANT – EEA Retail Investors 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", from the Issue Date (or from such later date as is specified in the applicable Issue

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Terms) such Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with 
effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK Retail Investors 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise 
determined by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). Where relevant, the applicable Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation may apply such that the administrator of a particular "benchmark" is 
not required to be included in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Sale of Securities 
The Securities of each issue may be sold by the relevant Issuer and/or any Manager at such times 
and at such prices as the relevant Issuer and/or the Manager(s) may select. There is no obligation on 
the relevant Issuer or any Manager to sell all of the Securities of a Tranche. The Securities may be 
offered or sold from time to time in one or more transactions, in the secondary market or the over-the-
counter market at prevailing market prices or in negotiated transactions, at the discretion of the 
relevant Issuer. No representation or warranty or other assurance is given as to the number of 
Securities of a Tranche issued or outstanding at any time. 
Currencies 
All references in this document to "USD", "U.S. dollars" and "U.S.$" refer to United States dollars, to 
"HK$" refer to Hong Kong dollars, to "Pesos" refer to Philippine pesos and to "S$" and "SGD" refer to 
Singapore dollars. References to "euro" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
Rounding 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the 
figures which precede them. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuers 
in connection with the Securities and is not itself seeking admission of the Securities to the official list 
or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus may be submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited 
number of qualified institutional buyers ("QIBs") (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act 
("Rule 144A")) for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of 
Securities being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It 
may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents 
disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
Securities may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act. Each person in the United States or who is a U.S. person who 
purchases Securities is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Securities to it may be made in 
reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 
144A or pursuant to another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and 
one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the Commodity Exchange Act. 
In the event that the Issue Terms specifies that Warrants or Certificates are eligible for sale in the 
United States to QIBs, the Warrants or Certificates will be represented by one or more global 
securities (each a "Unitary Global W&C Security") issued and deposited with a common depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (each, as defined herein). If the Issue Terms does 
not so specify, the Warrants or Certificates will be represented by one or more global securities (each 
a "Regulation S Global W&C Security", together with the Unitary Global W&C Security, "Global 
W&C Securities") issued and deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. 
Each purchaser or holder of Warrants or Certificates represented by the Global W&C Securities will 
be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Warrants or Certificates, to have made certain 
representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale, other transfer or exercise of such 
Warrants or Certificates as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" 
below and/or (in respect of Exempt Securities) as set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in 
registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together "Legended Notes") will be deemed, by 
its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in the section 
entitled "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" below and/or (in respect of 
Exempt Securities) as set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Unless otherwise stated, terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in the section entitled "Form of the Notes" 
below.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Securities 
that are "restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act, SCB and SCBHK have each 
undertaken in a deed poll dated 3 July 2014 (the "Deed Poll"), in relation to Notes, and a deed poll 
dated 3 July 2014 (the "W&C Deed Poll"), in relation to Warrants and Certificates, and SCBSL has 
undertaken in a deed poll dated on or around 11 July 2018 (the "SCBSL Deed Poll"), in relation to 
Notes and a deed poll dated on or around 11 July 2018 (the "SCBSL W&C Deed Poll"), in relation to 
Warrants and Certificates, to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Securities or any beneficial 
interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information 
required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request 
any of the Securities remain outstanding as "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 
144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the relevant Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 
13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor 
exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE 
"SFA") 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Securities issued or to be issued under 
the Programme shall be (A) capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) 
and (B) Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons 
as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued 
by the Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "Capital Market 
Authority").   
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or 
completeness of this document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss 
arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this document.  Prospective purchasers 
of Securities should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information 
relating to the Securities.  If you do not understand the contents of this document you should 
consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for information purposes of high net worth 
individuals and institutions. The Issuers represent and warrant that they have not made and 
will not make any invitation in or from the Kingdom of Bahrain and will not market or offer the 
Securities to any potential investor in the Kingdom of Bahrain. All marketing and offering are 
made and will be made outside the Kingdom of Bahrain.   
The Central Bank of Bahrain (or any other Bahraini authority) has not reviewed, nor has it 
approved, this Base Prospectus or the marketing of the Securities and takes no responsibility 
for the accuracy of the statements and information contained herein, nor shall it have any 
liability to any person for any loss or damage resulting from reliance on any statements or 
information contained herein. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
The Securities will not be offered, sold or delivered at any time, directly or indirectly, in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by, or 
registered with, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock 
Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority in accordance with their 
regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre). The Securities are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The 
Securities and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and do not constitute debt financing in 
the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies 
Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Manager (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Issue Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................... 15 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................. 26 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT 
SECURITIES ................................................................................................................................... 96 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................... 107 
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK ................................................................... 110 
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG) LIMITED ........................... 113 
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (SINGAPORE) LIMITED ............................ 120 
FORM OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................. 124 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS ........................................................................... 129 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................... 143 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS ........................................................... 193 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES ................................................................... 211 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES ...................................................... 274 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS ...................................................... 308 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .............................................................. 330 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES ................................................. 390 
PRODUCT TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 409 
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS .................................................................. 410 
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) .......................... 469 
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) .......................... 529 
CURRENCY TERMS ..................................................................................................................... 610 
COMMODITY TERMS ................................................................................................................... 618 
INDEX TERMS .............................................................................................................................. 625 
PASS-THROUGH TERMS ............................................................................................................ 634 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................... 650 
TAXATION OF SECURITIES ......................................................................................................... 651 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... 684 
ERISA MATTERS.......................................................................................................................... 688 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ........................... 690 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................ 720 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ........................................................................................................ 726

--- Page 15 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
15 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Securities, the applicable Issue Terms. The relevant Issuer and any relevant 
Manager may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated herein, in which 
event, in the case of Securities other than Exempt Securities and if appropriate, a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus, a "unitary" or "series" prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published 
and/or, in respect of Exempt Securities, additional terms and conditions may be set out in any other 
relevant offering document or the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue Securities denominated or payable in 
any currency, subject as set out herein. A general description of the general terms and conditions of 
the Programme and the Securities appears below. The applicable terms of any Securities will be 
agreed by the relevant Issuer prior to the issue of such Securities and will be set out in the conditions 
of the relevant Securities. 
Overview of terms and conditions of the Programme 
Issuers: 
Standard Chartered Bank, acting through its principal office in 
London or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, acting 
through a specified branch, Standard Chartered Bank (Hong 
Kong) Limited and Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) 
Limited. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 
Standard Chartered Bank: RILFO74KP1CM8P6PCT96 
Standard 
Chartered 
Bank 
(Hong 
Kong) 
Limited: 
X5AV1MBDXGRPX5UGMX13 
Standard 
Chartered 
Bank 
(Singapore) 
Limited: 
549300MDYVVHJ8D1DW28 
Description: 
Notes, Certificates and Warrants Programme for the issue of 
Warrants, Notes and Certificates. 
Programme Size in relation to the 
Notes: 
Up to U.S. $15,000,000,000 aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding at any time. The Issuers may increase the 
amount of the Programme.  
Description of the Securities 
The Securities will be in the form of Notes, Certificates or Warrants. They may have any maturity. 
During the life of the Securities they will either bear periodic interest at a fixed or floating rate of 
interest (including floating rates determined by reference to swap rates), at a fixed or floating rate 
subject to "range accrual" provisions determined by reference to the relevant rate(s) (which rate(s) 
may include floating rate(s) and/or swap rate(s)) or interest that is dependent on the performance of 
one or more Reference Items, or be zero coupon notes or otherwise Securities which do not bear 
interest.  
At maturity, the Securities will either pay a fixed percentage of the nominal amount, or pay a 
redemption or settlement amount, or pay an amount that is dependent on the performance of one or 
more Reference Items, or deliver a specified number of shares.

--- Page 16 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
16 
 
 
The Securities may provide for early redemption or settlement upon the occurrence of certain 
specified events or at the option of the Issuer. 
No Securities will be issued under the Programme which provide for physical delivery of any shares or 
transferable securities equivalent to shares issued by the relevant Issuer or an entity belonging to the 
group of the relevant Issuer. 
Information relating to Notes 
The Notes are debt securities issued by SCB, SCBHK or SCBSL. The currency of denomination, the 
denomination and the maturity date will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
Unless redeemed by instalments (if so specified in the Pricing Supplement), the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the Issue Terms and may not (unless a call or put option 
is specified in the Issue Terms) be redeemed before then except by reasons of default by the relevant 
Issuer, for taxation reasons or (in the case of Notes linked to certain Reference Items or are Credit 
Linked Notes) following certain events in relation to Reference Items or Reference Entities or hedging 
arrangements or the occurrence of a force majeure event. The amount payable on the Maturity Date 
may either be the outstanding nominal amount or may be linked to one or more Reference Items. 
Details in relation to Equity Linked Notes and Market Access Product Notes are set out in the section 
"Equity and Market Access Product Securities" under the heading "Reference Item Linked Securities" 
below. Details in relation to Credit Linked Notes are set out in the section "Credit Linked Securities" 
below. Details in relation to Currency Linked Notes are set out in the section "Currency Linked 
Securities" below.  Details in relation to Commodity Linked Notes are set out in the section 
"Commodity Linked Securities" below.  Details in relation to Index Linked Notes are set out in the 
section "Index Linked Securities" below. Details in relation to Pass-Through Linked Notes are set out 
in the section "Pass-Through Linked Notes" below. 
The Notes may bear interest and/or premium at one or more fixed rates and/or floating rates 
(including swap rates), or may bear no interest and/or premium, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
The Notes may, at the discretion of the relevant Issuer, be subject to early redemption or payments 
may be suspended or made in a different currency, if certain force majeure or payment disruption 
events occur. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form. Registered 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Negative Pledge 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a cross default provision. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Information relating to Warrants 
Warrants entitle the holder to payment of a Settlement Amount either following the Exercise Date (in 
the case of a European Style Warrant) or the relevant Actual Exercise Date or the Expiration Date (in 
the case of American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants). The Settlement Amount will be 
linked to the level or price of one or more Reference Items. They may only be terminated before the 
Exercise Date (in the case of a European Style Warrant) or the Expiration Date (in the case of 
American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants) following certain events in relation to the 
relevant Reference Items or hedging arrangements or the occurrence of a force majeure event.  
Details in respect of Equity Linked Warrants and Market Access Product Warrants are set out in the 
section "Equity and Market Access Product Securities" under the heading "Reference Item Linked

--- Page 17 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
17 
 
 
Securities" below. Details in relation to Currency Linked Warrants are set out in the section "Currency 
Linked Securities" below.  Details in relation to Commodity Linked Warrants are set out in the section 
"Commodity Linked Securities" below.  Details in relation to Index Linked Warrants are set out in the 
section "Index Linked Securities" below. 
 
Settlement: 
Settlement may be by way of cash payment and/or physical 
delivery as specified in the Issue Terms.  
Exercise: 
American Style Warrants may be exercisable on any day that is 
an Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period. Bermudan 
Style Warrants may be exercisable on any Potential Exercise 
Date. European Style Warrants will be automatically exercisable 
at expiry if the Warrants are In-The-Money. If specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, American Style Warrants and Bermudan 
Style Warrants will be automatically exercisable at expiry if the 
Warrants are In-The-Money. 
 
In order to receive payment of any amount or delivery of any 
underlying reference items, Warrantholders may be required to 
certify that (a) Warrants are not being exercised by or on behalf 
of a U.S. person or a person within the United States and (b) in 
certain circumstances, that the Warrants are being exercised by 
a QIB. 
Information Relating to the Certificates 
Certificates entitle the holder to payment on the Maturity Date of the Final Redemption Amount and 
will be linked to the level or price of one or more Reference Items. If so specified in the Pricing 
Supplement, there may also be interim payments and/or mandatory early redemption and/or 
redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer and/or the holders. Otherwise they may only be 
redeemed before the Maturity Date following certain events in relation to Reference Items or 
Reference Entities or hedging arrangements or the occurrence of a force majeure event. Details in 
relation to Equity Linked Certificates and Market Access Product Certificates are set out in the section 
"Equity and Market Access Product Securities" under the heading "Reference Item Linked Securities" 
below. Details in relation to Credit Linked Certificates are set out in the section "Credit Linked 
Securities" below. Details in relation to Currency Linked Certificates are set out in the section 
"Currency Linked Securities" below.  Details in relation to Commodity Linked Certificates are set out in 
the section "Commodity Linked Securities" below.  Details in relation to Index Linked Certificates are 
set out in the section "Index Linked Securities" below. 
Information relating to both Warrants and Certificates 
Form of Warrants and 
Certificates: 
Each Series will be in book-entry form and represented by either 
a Regulation S Global W&C Security or a Unitary Global W&C 
Security, which, in either case, will be in registered form, will be 
held by a common depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be registered in its name. Payments in 
respect of the Securities represented thereby will be made by or 
on behalf of the relevant Issuer to the common depository as 
registered holder. Any such payments will discharge the relevant 
Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. No definitive securities will 
be issued. 
Transfer: 
Transfer may only be effected through an account at Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system, as 
specified in the Issue Terms. Warrants or Certificates 
represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security (or interests 
therein) may not be transferred or exchanged for Warrants or 
Certificates represented by a Unitary Global W&C Security (or

--- Page 18 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
18 
 
 
interests therein), or vice versa.  
Principal Certificate Agent and 
Principal Warrant Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Luxembourg Warrant Agent 
and Luxembourg Certificate 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Reference Item Linked Securities and Credit Linked Securities 
Information Source: 
Part B – "Other Information" of the Final Terms and, in the case 
of Securities admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market, 
the Pricing Supplement, will specify, in relation to each 
Reference Item, the website or other source ("Information 
Source") where information about past and future performance, 
as well as volatility, is available, (or, in the case of Credit Linked 
Securities where information about each Reference Entity is 
available) provided that such Information Source does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus or the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities.  
Equity 
and 
Market 
Access 
Product Securities: 
Amounts payable or deliverable in respect of Equity and Market 
Access Product Securities will be calculated by reference to a 
single Equity Security, Depositary Receipt Security or ETF 
Security, or a basket of Equity Securities, Depositary Receipt 
Securities or ETF Securities (each, an "Underlying Asset"), a 
single fund interest or a basket of fund interests (each a "Fund 
Interest"), a single index, or a basket of indices (each, an 
"Index") or a relevant account held with Standard Chartered 
Bank, an affiliate or a third party custodian which contains such 
constituent assets as detailed in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement (each, a "Relevant Account"). A basket of 
Underlying Assets may be a static or dynamic basket (where, as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, either the Issuer 
or the Securityholder may vary the constituents thereof from time 
to time in accordance with and subject to the rules and 
provisions as detailed in the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Equity and Market Access Product Securities may also provide 
for settlement by physical delivery of a specified amount of 
shares of one or more companies or shares or units of one or 
more funds, subject to payment of the Strike Price (in case of 
Exempt Warrants) and any other sums payable. 
 
Equity and Market Access Product Securities linked to 
Underlying Assets or Indices may, at the discretion of the 
relevant Issuer, be subject to early redemption, termination or 
cancellation, as applicable, or adjustment (including valuation, 
payments being delayed or being made in a different currency 
and in certain circumstances Underlying Asset substitutions) if 
certain corporate events (such as events affecting the value of 
an Underlying Asset (including Underlying Asset divisions or 
consolidations, extraordinary dividends and capital calls), de-
listing 
of 
an 
Underlying 
Asset, 
insolvency, merger 
or 
nationalisation of an Asset Issuer; a tender offer or 
redenomination of an Underlying Asset) occur, if certain events 
(such as illegality, force majeure events, disruptions or cost 
increases) occur with respect to the relevant Issuer's and/or any 
Affiliate's hedging arrangements, or if insolvency filings are made 
with respect to an Asset Issuer certain events occur in respect of

--- Page 19 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
19 
 
 
a depositary receipt or its underlying shares (including the 
events listed above in respect of the underlying shares to which 
the Depositary Receipt Security relates, if written instructions 
being given to the depositary to withdraw or surrender the 
underlying shares, termination of the deposit agreement or 
certain relevant amendments or supplements to the terms of the 
deposit agreement or distributions to holders of the underlying 
shares that are not in cash, shares or rights relating to the 
underlying shares), if certain events occur in respect of a fund 
(including, without limitation, a reclassification of Fund Interests, 
a change in the index which the Fund tracks, the Fund being 
aggregated with another fund, changes in the mandate, risk-
profile, fund documents or constitution of the fund, any proposal 
to wind up the fund, any breach of any strategy or investment 
guideline of the fund, any suspension or revocation of any 
authorisation or approval of the fund or any adviser of the fund or 
any adverse change in any tax, legal or accounting treatment of 
the fund) or if an index is replaced by a successor index or any 
modification, cancellation or disruption occurs in respect of an 
index. Additional events and consequences may apply where the 
Securities are linked to a dynamic basket and will be set out in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Equity Linked Securities linked to Fund Interests may, at the 
discretion of the relevant Issuer, be subject to early redemption, 
termination or cancellation, as applicable, or adjustment 
(including valuation, payments being delayed and in certain 
circumstances substitutions of the Fund Interest) if certain 
events (such as events affecting the value of a Fund Interest 
(including Fund Interest divisions or consolidations, extraordinary 
dividends and capital calls), a nationalisation, an insolvency, the 
violation of any leverage restrictions, an adviser/key personnel 
removal event, a fund modification, a fees or charges event, a 
strategy breach, regulatory action affecting the fund, a tax 
change, a reporting disruption, a new information event, a non-
currency redemption, a fund service provider cessation or 
disruption or a related agreement termination) occur, if certain 
events (such as illegality, force majeure events, disruptions or 
cost increases) occur with respect to the relevant Issuer's and/or 
any Affiliate's hedging arrangements. 
 
Securities linked to Relevant Accounts may be subject to early 
redemption, termination or cancellation, as applicable, or 
adjustment in the circumstances detailed in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
 
If certain disruption events occur with respect to valuation of an 
Underlying Asset or Fund Interest, such valuation will be 
postponed and may be made by the Calculation Agent. 
Payments may also be postponed. 
 
Market Access Product Securities have additional selling 
restrictions in relation to the specific jurisdiction of the Underlying 
Asset (see "Selling Restrictions" below) and 
additional 
adjustment events relating to regulatory change. 
Securities 
linked 
to 
other 
Reference Items: 
Details relating to amounts payable or deliverable in respect of 
Securities linked to other Reference Items will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus, a "unitary" or "series" 
prospectus or a new Base Prospectus and/or, in respect of

--- Page 20 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
20 
 
 
Exempt Securities, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Credit Linked Securities:  
Amounts payable in respect of Credit Linked Notes and 
Certificates will be calculated by reference to the credit of, or the 
performance of obligations by, or some other factor relating to a 
specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities. 
 
The terms of the Credit Linked Securities will be in accordance 
with either the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) or the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version) as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
 
Credit Linked Notes or Certificates may be issued as Cash 
Settled Securities, Physically Settled Securities or Auction 
Settled Securities.   
 
If the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied for Credit Linked 
Securities issued under Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version) or an Event Determination Date 
has occurred for Credit Linked Securities issued under Credit 
Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version), the 
Credit Linked Notes or Certificates will be redeemed and the 
relevant Issuer will, subject as provided herein, pay the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount (in the case of Cash Settled 
Securities), Deliver the Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Asset Amount (in the case of Physically Settled Securities) or 
pay the Auction Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Auction 
Settled Securities). 
Currency Linked Securities: 
Amounts payable in respect of Currency Linked Securities will be 
calculated by reference to a Specified Currency or Specified 
Currencies and by reference to such rates of exchange and/or 
such formulae as may be specified by the relevant Issuer (as 
indicated in the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
 
The Currency Linked Securities will be settled or redeemed, as 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Currency Linked Securities may, at the discretion of the relevant 
Issuer, be subject to early redemption, termination or 
cancellation, as applicable, or payments may be suspended or 
made in a different currency, if certain force majeure events 
occur. 
 
Currency Linked Securities may be Alternate Currency Notes or 
FX Performance Notes. If the Currency Linked Securities are 
Alternate Currency Notes, the Notes will be denominated in one 
currency (a denomination currency) but payments may be made 
in a different currency (a payment currency) by converting the 
amount of the relevant payment into the payment currency by 
reference to a currency exchange rate. If the Currency Linked 
Securities are FX Performance Notes, a performance factor will 
be applied to amounts payable in respect of the Notes which will 
be determined by reference to the change in value of the 
relevant currency exchange rate between the specified initial 
reference rate and the value on the relevant FX valuation date. 
Commodity Linked Securities: 
Amounts payable in respect of Commodity Linked Securities will

--- Page 21 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
21 
 
 
be calculated by reference to a single commodity and/or 
commodity index or basket of commodities and/or commodity 
indices (or any related forward or futures contracts). 
 
If certain disruption events occur with respect to valuation of a 
commodity (or any related forward or futures contracts) or any 
commodity index, such valuation may be postponed and/or 
made by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Commodity Linked Securities may, at the discretion of the 
relevant Issuer, be subject to early redemption, termination or 
cancellation, as applicable, or payments may be suspended or 
made in a different currency, if certain force majeure events 
occur. 
Index Linked Securities: 
Amounts payable in respect of Index Linked Securities will be 
calculated by reference to one or more indices. 
 
If certain disruption events occur with respect to valuation of an 
Index, such valuation may be postponed and/or made by the 
Calculation Agent. Payments may also be postponed. 
 
Index Linked Securities may be subject to early redemption or 
cancellation, as applicable, adjustment or the substitution of the 
relevant Index if an Index is modified or cancelled and there is 
no successor index acceptable to the Calculation Agent, if the 
Index's Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Index, or if 
certain events (such as force majeure events) occur with respect 
to the relevant Issuer's or any Affiliate's hedging arrangements. 
Pass-Through Linked Notes 
Amounts payable in respect of Pass-through Linked Notes will 
be calculated by reference to payments made under a 
Reference Asset (which is a notional holding of one or more debt 
obligations referred to as Reference Obligations) to a 
hypothetical holder of the Reference Asset or Reference Assets 
and/or the sale proceeds. 
 
Payments under the Pass-through Linked Notes may be made in 
a different currency to payments under the Reference Asset and 
in this case investors will be exposed to changes in the relevant 
foreign exchange rate. 
 
Pass-through Linked Notes may, at the discretion of the relevant 
Issuer, be subject to adjustment or early redemption or 
payments may be suspended or made in a different currency, if 
certain force majeure or other events occur with respect to the 
Reference Asset or hedging of the Pass-through Linked Notes. 
General 
Use of Proceeds: 
Unless (i) otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms or (ii) 
the relevant Issue Terms specifies the relevant Series of 
Securities as being "Sustainability Bonds", "Green Bonds" or 
"Social Bonds" (together, "ESG Bonds"), the net proceeds of the 
issuance of each Series of Securities will be applied by the 
relevant Issuer for general funding purposes, including making a 
profit and/or hedging certain risks. 
Taxation: 
The Issuers shall not be liable for or otherwise be obliged to pay,

--- Page 22 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
22 
 
 
any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a 
result of the ownership, transfer, exercise, redemption or 
enforcement of any Security. All payments made by the relevant 
Issuer in respect of any Securities shall be made subject to any 
such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which is required to 
be made, paid, withheld or deducted.  The Issuers shall not be 
obliged to gross up or otherwise increase any such payments on 
the Securities.  
Status: 
The Securities will constitute direct and unsecured obligations of 
the relevant Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves. The obligations of 
the relevant Issuer under the Securities will, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, at all 
times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer, present and 
future. 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
Securities issued under the Programme may be admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated 
market or its Global Exchange Market. The Securities may also 
be unlisted, or listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) 
as may be specified by the relevant Issuer in relation to each 
Series. 
 
The minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the EEA will be €100,000 (or equivalent) or 
such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time. In the event that any Certificates are admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the EEA, such Certificates will have a 
minimum issue price per Certificate of €100,000 (or the 
equivalent in any other currency). 
Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, (i) SCB's long term 
senior debt ratings are A1 by Moody's Singapore, A+ by S&P 
and A+ by Fitch; (ii) SCBHK's long term senior debt ratings are 
A1 by Moody's Hong Kong and A+ by S&P and (iii) SCBSL's 
long term senior debt ratings are A1 by Moody's Singapore, A+ 
by S&P Singapore and A+ by Fitch Singapore. 
The rating of certain Series of Securities to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Governing Law: 
The Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out or 
in connection with them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
See the section entitled "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions" below. 
Risk Factors and Suitability: 
See the section entitled "Risk Factors" and "Investment 
Considerations and additional risks relating only to Exempt 
Securities" below. 
 
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for 
all investors

--- Page 23 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
23 
 
 
 
Each potential investor in the Securities must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
- 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a 
meaningful evaluation of the Securities, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Securities and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement to the 
Base Prospectus; 
 
- 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical 
tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Securities and the impact 
the Securities will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
 
- 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
all of the risks of an investment in the Securities, 
including where the Specified Currency is different from 
the currency in which such investor's principal financial 
activities are principally denominated; 
 
- 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and 
be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant securities, 
assets, indices and financial markets; and 
 
- 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a 
financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
Securities are complex financial instruments. Investors generally 
do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone 
investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Securities unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Securities will perform under changing conditions, the 
resulting effects on the value of the Securities and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
Potential Discretionary 
Determinations by the Issuer 
and Calculation Agent: 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, if certain 
events outside the control of the Issuer and Calculation Agent 
occur during the life of the Securities, the Issuer or Calculation 
Agent (as applicable) may determine, in their discretion, to take 
one of more actions available to them in order to deal with the 
impact of such event on the Securities or, as the case may be, 
on the Issuer (or both). Such actions may have an adverse 
impact on the value of the Securities.  
Types of event that could lead 
to a discretionary 
determination 
The types of events that could lead to a discretionary 
determination by the Issuer or Calculation Agent include if the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities or its related hedging 
arrangements become (or will become) impracticable, illegal, 
impossible or an external event occurs which impacts the

--- Page 24 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
24 
 
 
Reference Item(s) or the Issuer's hedging arrangements.  
More details on the above events are set out in the relevant 
General Terms and Conditions applicable to the Securities and 
the relevant Product Terms applicable to the relevant Reference 
Item(s).  Additional details may also be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
If the Issuer or Calculation Agent's obligations under the 
Securities or its related hedging obligations become or will 
become impracticable, illegal or impossible then the Issuer and 
Calculation Agent may need to determine what action to take so 
that it is no longer impracticable, illegal or impossible to perform 
its obligations, or the Issuer may need to early redeem the 
Securities.  
The Issuer may enter into hedging arrangements in order to 
manage its exposure in relation to its payment obligations under 
the Securities and to enable it to issue the Securities at the 
relevant price and on the relevant terms. Such hedging 
arrangements may involve holding the Reference Item(s) 
directly, entering into derivative contracts with counterparties to 
receive a corresponding economic exposure to the Reference 
Item(s) or to hedge the currency or price risk in relation to the 
Reference Item(s) or the Securities. The Issuer may need to 
exercise discretion and make adjustments if an external event 
occurs 
which 
negatively 
impacts 
the 
Issuer's 
hedging 
arrangements 
or 
the 
cost 
of 
maintaining 
its 
hedging 
arrangements. Such external events are unlikely to have been 
reflected in the original pricing of the Securities. 
In addition, the Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion following the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (being in summary, a material 
change in or permanent or indefinite cessation or prohibition of 
use of a benchmark by reference to which amounts payable or 
deliverable under the Securities is determined or any 
authorisation (or similar) of any administrator of a benchmark 
has been rejected or withdrawn (or similar) with the effect that 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent may no longer use such 
benchmark or the Issuer or Calculation Agent suffers or will 
suffer an increased cost of using the benchmark in relation to 
any relevant licence or there has been a public statement that 
the benchmark is or will no longer be representative of the 
underlying market or economic reality it is intended to measure). 
Types of actions that the Issuer 
or Calculation Agent may take 
Following such an event (as described above), the types of 
actions that the Issuer or Calculation Agent may take include (i) 
adjusting the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Securities, (ii) 
for Securities linked to a Reference Item, substitution of the 
affected Reference Item and/or (iii) early redemption of the 
Securities and payment of the Early Redemption Amount or fair 
market value (as applicable). 
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Securities 
may specify additional events that could result in discretionary 
determination by the Issuer or Calculation Agent and/or 
additional actions that may be taken. 
The determination of the occurrence of such events and of

--- Page 25 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
25 
 
 
amounts to be calculated are also subject to the Issuer and 
Calculation Agent's discretion. 
Calculation of the Early 
Redemption Amount or fair 
market value of the Securities 
 
On any early redemption of the Securities the amount payable 
may involve a determination of the fair market value of the 
Securities. Such amount (which may be zero) shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent and in so doing it may 
consider, without limitation, such relevant information, as it 
determines appropriate at the relevant time (such relevant 
information may include, without limitation, quotations (firm or 
indicative), relevant market data, in each case whether internal 
or external, and any other considerations as set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities). 
The effect of such events 
and/or actions by the Issuer or 
Calculation Agent 
Such event and actions taken by the Issuer and Calculation 
Agent may result in a reduced return on the Securities and/or 
have a material adverse impact on the value of the Securities. 
The amount payable or assets deliverable at maturity or on any 
such early redemption may be less than an investor's initial 
investment, and could be reduced to zero. If the Securities are 
redeemed prior to the scheduled maturity, investors may be 
unable to reinvest the redemption or settlement proceeds or 
assets at that time in another investment that provides an 
equivalent return. 
How will the discretion be 
exercised? 
Unless the Terms and Conditions expressly state otherwise, the 
Issuer and Calculation Agent shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner at all times in considering 
whether and how to make such a discretionary determination 
and any action required. All determinations and actions shall be 
made in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities, having regard to any criteria, factors or methodology 
stipulated therein.  
Notification 
Where so specified in the Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
Securities, notice will be given to the holders of the relevant 
Securities pursuant to such Terms and Conditions if any action is 
taken following the occurrence of such an event.

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
26 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each Issuer believes that the following factors, which are specific to the Issuers, may affect its ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Securities issued pursuant to the Programme. All of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which each Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the specific risks 
relating to the Securities issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in the Securities issued under the Programme, with the most material risk under each 
category being presented first. Nothwithstanding this, either Issuer may be unable to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes issued by it for other reasons and 
neither Issuer represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Securities are 
exhaustive.  
Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision. 
TABLE OF RISK FACTORS 
 
CATEGORY OF RISK 
Page 
Risks Relating to the Group and the Issuers 
 
1. 
Risks relating to the Group and its Business Operations 
26 
2. 
Credit and Traded Risk 
34 
3. 
Capital and Liquidity Risk 
38 
4. 
Risks Associated with Regulatory Resolution Measures
41 
5. 
Operational, Reputational, Compliance (including Legal) and Conduct Risk 
46 
6. 
Information and Cyber Security Risk, Financial Crime Risk and Model Risk 
54 
Risks Relating to Securities 
56 
7. 
Risks Relating to the Purchase, Holding and Trading of Securities 
56 
8. 
Risks Relating to Particular Types of Securities  
60 
9. 
Risks Relating to Reference Item Linked Securities  
73 
10. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
91 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP AND ITS BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
1.1 
The Group is exposed to geopolitical risks 
Standard Chartered PLC ("SCPLC") and the subsidiaries and subsidiary undertakings of 
SCPLC (together, the "Group") faces risks associated with geopolitical uncertainty. Global 
tensions over trade, technology and ideology are manifesting themselves in divergent 
regulatory standards and compliance regimes, presenting long-term strategic challenges for

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
27 
 
 
multinational businesses. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts in areas where the Group operates 
could impact: (i) trade flows; (ii) economic activity and related levels of financial transactions; 
(iii) the ability of the Group's customers to serve their contractual obligations; and (iv) the 
Group's ability to manage capital, liquidity or operations across borders.  
In particular:  
 
Tensions between Russia, the U.S. and a number of European states have 
heightened significantly as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Although the 
Group’s exposure to the region is limited, the current crisis has the potential to 
escalate further and this could result in elevated geopolitical instability, trade 
restrictions, disruptions to global supply chains, increases in energy prices with 
knock-on global inflationary impacts, and a potential downturn in the global economy. 
The European Union ("EU"), UK and the U.S., in a coordinated effort joined by 
several other countries, imposed a variety of new sanctions with respect to certain 
regions of Ukraine, Russia and various Russia-related parties. The geopolitical 
dynamic the regulatory complexity across multiple jurisdictions and the rapid pace of 
change have created a volatile situation that may have an impact on the Group’s 
business and operations. 
 
Relations between China and a number of Western countries (particularly the U.S.) 
remain fragile, with an increasing number of sanctions being imposed by both sides, 
and this may be further exacerbated by differing stances on the Russia-Ukraine crisis. 
Among these, the U.S. Hong Kong Autonomy Act authorises the imposition of 
secondary sanctions against non-U.S. financial institutions found to be knowingly 
engaged in significant transactions with individuals and entities subject to U.S. 
sanctions for engaging in certain activities that undermine Hong Kong's autonomy. In 
addition, the U.S. has imposed restrictions on U.S. persons' ability to buy or sell 
certain publicly traded securities linked to a number of prominent Chinese companies. 
Alongside the EU, UK and Canada, the U.S. has also increasingly imposed sanctions 
and other measures in response to allegations of human rights abuses in Xinjiang. 
The U.S. and China are also engaged in a security competition that has ramifications 
across many aspects of their complex interdependencies. While areas of 
collaboration exist, such as agreements made at the 2021 United Nations Climate 
Change Conference ("COP26"), there are nevertheless a number of issues that are 
resulting in a turbulent and unpredictable environment. These include issues 
involving: (i) public health and safety (for example, in respect of the coronavirus 
pandemic ("COVID-19")), (ii) trade, (iii) national security, (iv) sovereignty (such as 
Hong Kong's electoral system), and (v) territorial disputes (such as tensions in the 
South China Sea and on the India-China border). The Group, with its notable 
exposure and presence in China, may be adversely affected by escalating 
geopolitical tensions between China and Western countries. 
 
Hong Kong remains the largest profit contributor to the Group. Following a contraction 
of 6.1 per cent. in 2020, Hong Kong's economy staged a visible recovery in 2021. 
However, whilst Hong Kong's economy remains stable, uncertainty over U.S.-China 
relations, the COVID-19 pandemic and various other factors has led to a notable 
slowdown. In addition, the U.S. has revoked Hong Kong's 'Special Status' under the 
United States Hong Kong Policy Act 1992 and specific sanctions have been imposed 
by the U.S. on Hong Kong officials.  
 
Hong Kong's standing as an international financial centre could also be at risk if there 
is a resulting loss in confidence in the convertibility of HK$ and the freedom of capital 
movement. Although the Group monitors this risk on an ongoing basis and does not 
expect such a scenario to be imminent, the convertibility of HK$ and the freedom of 
capital movement in and out of Hong Kong remains uncertain. 
 
The Group is also exposed to increasing volatility within China, with turbulence in the 
property development sector and targeted legislation for specific industries such as 
education, technology and real estate, which could have spill-over effects into other 
markets given the size of China’s economy.

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
28 
 
 
 
The Group is exposed to rising tensions between historic allies within the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organisation ("NATO") and the Group of Seven ("G7"), around points 
such as the withdrawal from Afghanistan, the launch of the trilateral security pact 
between Australia, the UK and U.S. in September 2021 (known as AUKUS), and 
tensions on the Korean peninsula. These tensions may intensify with the upcoming 
2022 elections of certain states.  
 
The Group also derives significant revenues from supporting cross-border trade and 
material offshore support operations. However, a focus on domestic recovery in the 
wake of the COVID-19 pandemic has led to protectionist policies and disruption to 
global supply chains. Protectionist policies may also lead to a fundamental shift in 
supply chains in the future, should they mandate companies to set up parallel supply 
chains as contingencies or move production closer to the end user. Such protectionist 
policies would drive fragmentation for strategic industries. Some governments have 
also used the COVID-19 pandemic as an opportunity to consolidate power, which 
could lead to further tension and potential retaliatory actions (for example, countries 
may introduce or increase tariffs on goods and services from other jurisdictions or 
place further restrictions on immigration). 
 
Increased demand has also created shortages in some key sectors, such as 
electronics and energy, which may tip the balance of power towards producers. 
 
The recent past has seen a surge in large-scale social disturbances globally. In 
particular, governmental restrictions on movement as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, combined with longer-term trends of resurgent nationalism and ideology, 
have heightened existing social tensions. Vaccine mandates are causing domestic 
tensions and may lead to labour shortages in some states or industries, such as 
healthcare and aviation. The COVID-19 pandemic has also continued to exacerbate 
economic inequality, including the reducing availability or quality of work. Collectively, 
these issues have given rise to societal disturbances in a number of markets which 
may increase in frequency and magnitude as the level of discontent rises. The 
exposure of certain underdeveloped countries to social unrest and the regime change 
risk may rise in parallel with their deepening vulnerabilities linked to the hiking food 
and oil prices as well as increasing fiscal indebtedness to maintain subsidization of 
their supply. Fragile governance frameworks, which would fail to manage social 
demands at the times of potential turmoil, might also intensify the risk of regime 
change in these vulnerable countries. 
 
Increases in the cost of living have already sparked social unrest in some countries. 
There is heightened risk in emerging markets which experience disproportionate 
declines in disposable income as a result of non-discretionary price increases. Food 
subsidies already exist in many markets and fiscal space will be squeezed by further 
price increases. Furthermore, food and energy security challenges have the potential 
to drive other social impacts such as increased migration. 
 
The Russia/Ukraine crisis and the response to it have also provided a flashpoint for 
demonstrations and civil reaction across the world. 
The occurrence or continuance of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's financial condition, results of operations and, if severe or prolonged, its 
prospects. 
1.2 
The Group is exposed to macroeconomic risks 
The Group operates across more than 59 markets and is affected by the prevailing economic 
conditions in each of these markets. Macroeconomic factors have an impact on personal 
expenditure and consumption, demand for business products and services, the debt service 
burden of consumers and businesses, the general availability of credit for retail and corporate 
borrowers and the availability of capital and liquidity for the Group. All these factors have 
impacted and may continue to impact the Group's financial condition and results of 
operations.

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
29 
 
 
In the second half of 2021 and in the first quarter of 2022, several key developed economies 
experienced rates of inflation that far exceeded central bank forecasts. Several central banks 
have altered their stance on monetary policy; starting to raise rates or signalling their 
willingness to do so. The easing of the COVID-19 restrictions has created a demand surge in 
developed market economies that have reopened and labour supply shortages have 
compounded price pressures. There is a risk that the confluence of supply and demand 
pressures could have effects on inflation that are longer-lasting than expected. Nevertheless, 
there remains a lack of firm consensus within the industry on some key inflation questions, as 
well as other potential scenarios such as slow economic growth. 
Rising interest rates also introduce risks of other economic scenarios in 2022. The Russia-
Ukraine crisis has exacerbated existing concerns around energy security. Shortages of 
natural gas, oil and other fuels have led to price increases and further disruption to already 
strained supply chains. Increased costs combined with potential reductions in output make 
stagflation a possibility, where economic growth is muted but inflation persists.  
Asia, led by China (which, for the purposes of this Base Prospectus, shall exclude Hong 
Kong), remains the main driver of global economic activity levels. In particular, Greater China, 
North Asia and South East Asian economies remain key strategic regions for the Group. 
While China's economy continued its strong recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021 
as growth domestic product ("GDP") grew by 8.1 per cent. year-on-year, the national growth 
target for 2022 is the lowest in nearly 30 years and many analysts have already reduced their 
2022 growth forecasts following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, ongoing tensions with the 
West and the economic impact of China's zero-COVID-19 policy. 
The prices of certain financial assets have been artificially supported through the COVID-19 
pandemic following multi-trillion dollar central bank asset purchases and record low interest 
rates. As fiscal and monetary support is withdrawn and countries start to raise interest rates, 
there is an elevated risk of widespread price corrections. 
The occurrence or continuance of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's financial condition, results of operations and, if severe or prolonged, 
its prospects.  
1.3 
The COVID-19 pandemic, a reduction in the effectiveness of vaccines and the 
emergence of new diseases, could continue to affect the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Issuers and of the Group materially and 
adversely 
The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in authorities implementing numerous social measures 
to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, curfews, quarantines and 
shutdowns (such as China's citywide lockdown of Shanghai, which began in March 2022 in 
response to a new surge of COVID-19 cases), and has led to severe economic downturn in 
many countries. Countries with high vaccination rates are moving towards accepting COVID-
19 as endemic. Nevertheless, domestic policies on managing the spread of the virus differ 
vastly among nations, and the longer-term impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic are still 
uncertain. The effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines is confirmed to diminish after several 
months, and so policy responses to new waves of infection or new variants tend to quickly 
revert to forms of restriction, including lockdowns, as seen with the Omicron and Delta 
variants. 
Differences in the pace and scale of vaccine rollouts, social restrictions and disparities in 
financial resources have widened the global recovery gap and threaten a K-shaped global 
recovery, where countries and sectors recover at a different rate depending on their ability to 
adapt to a post-COVID-19 world. Emerging markets have lagged behind in their ability to 
combat the pandemic which may result in longer-term economic scarring. There has been 
limited financial stimulus for the third world, and short-term support may take precedence over 
longer-term structural transformation, which is especially relevant for the Group’s footprint. It 
is possible that monetary tightening in Western countries could lead to a depreciation in 
emerging market currencies versus the U.S. dollar, increasing debt refinancing costs for

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
30 
 
 
emerging market economies. Sharp increases in the price of energy and agricultural products 
also pose risks to emerging markets that will face higher import costs, feeding into higher 
domestic inflation and disadvantaging such markets in terms of development given the 
massive energy needs required to develop.  
The economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including increased levels of 
unemployment and corporate insolvencies, could adversely impact the Group’s customers 
and their ability to service their contractual obligations, including to the Group. Adverse 
changes in the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers and counterparties or collateral held in 
support of exposures, or in their behaviour, may reduce the value of the Group’s assets and 
materially increase the Group’s write-downs and allowances for impairment losses. This could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects. See the risk factor entitled “Credit and traded risk – The Group is exposed to risks 
associated with changes in the credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due 
from counterparties” for further information.  
Deeper structural transformations of traditional economic systems are also being observed as 
a result of COVID-19. A shift in priorities, particularly among younger generations, may lead 
to fundamental changes in the workforce, including a permanent drop in the labour supply 
and a desire to move away from traditional industries. Government mandated vaccination 
programmes (‘vaccine mandates’) are also causing domestic tensions and may lead to labour 
shortages in some states or industries.  
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the potential for conduct and compliance risks, as well 
as operational risks, materialising has increased (notably in the areas of cyber, fraud, people, 
technology, operational resilience and reliance on third-party suppliers). In addition to the key 
operational risks, new risks are likely to arise as the Group will be required to adapt its ways 
of working whilst managing any instances of COVID-19 among its employees and locations to 
ensure continuity and support to colleagues and customers. See the risk factors included in 
the section entitled “Operational and technology, reputational and sustainability, compliance 
(including legal) and conduct risks” for further disclosure on the impact of operational, conduct 
and compliance risks on the Group. 
Another notable emerging effect of the COVID-19 pandemic is heightened political tension. 
The social and economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic are increasingly inter-
woven with both domestic social unrest and the geopolitical agenda; see the risk factor 
entitled “Risks relating to the Group and its business operations - The Group is exposed to 
geopolitical risks” for further disclosure on the impact of the geopolitical tensions on the 
Group.  
The COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in global supply chain dislocations, with the 
associated surge in demand for electronics and furniture causing a rundown of inventories 
and the shift towards online shopping trends (which tend to be more import intensive and 
Asia-focused) exacerbating shipping backlogs. The supply of certain goods has also been 
hampered by labour lockdowns and shortages. There is a risk that supply chain disruptions 
raise inflation expectations on a sustained basis, prompting central banks to tighten monetary 
policy. 
The health and social impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the economic fallout and associated 
increased cyber threats have impacted companies globally, resulting in significant pressure 
on the financial health and security of suppliers, vendors and other third parties that the 
Group relies upon. 
The spread of COVID-19 has led the Group to modify its business practices, including the 
imposition of restrictions on employee travel, changes to working locations and the 
cancellation of physical participation in meetings. The Group may take further actions as 
required by authorities or that it determines are in the best interests of its employees, 
customers, partners, or suppliers. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient 
to mitigate the risks posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, and the implementation of such 
measures (or their insufficiency) could harm the Group's ability to perform critical functions.

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
31 
 
 
The unavailability of staff could adversely impact the quality and continuity of service to 
customers and the reputation of the Group. 
In the short term, the further economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will depend on a 
number of factors, including (i) virus mutations and the emergence of new strains (impacting 
its severity, duration and spread), (ii) access to and delivery of vaccination programmes at a 
global level, and (iii) continuing or additional social restrictions. 
In the medium- to long-term, if the spread of COVID-19 is prolonged further or new vaccine-
resistant strains emerge, this may give rise to similar macroeconomic effects. In such 
circumstances, it is likely that macroeconomic conditions will continue to be adversely 
affected leading to further economic downturn in countries where the Group operates and for 
the global economy more broadly (which could be widespread, severe and long lasting). The 
ability of the Group's customers to comply with their contractual obligations, including to the 
Group, may also be materially adversely affected.  
The factors described above could, together or individually, have a material and adverse 
impact on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Issuers and of the 
Group. 
1.4 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to the integrity and continued existence of 
reference rates  
For several years, global regulators and central banks have been driving international efforts 
to reform key benchmark interest rates and indices; in particular interbank offered rates 
("IBORs") such as the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"). This has resulted in 
significant changes to the methodology and operation of certain benchmarks and indices, the 
adoption of alternative risk-free rates ("RFRs"), the discontinuation of certain reference rates 
(including LIBOR), and the introduction of implementing legislation and regulations. The 
publication of certain non-U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors (including all sterling, euro, Swiss franc 
and yen settings) and U.S. dollar LIBOR 1-week and 2-month settings ceased at the end of 
2021. The FCA also confirmed in January 2022 that the publication of yen LIBOR on a 
synthetic basis will cease at the end of 2022 and that the availability of sterling LIBOR on a 
synthetic basis cannot be guaranteed after the end of 2022. Furthermore, the remaining U.S. 
dollar LIBOR tenors (including overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month) have 
ceased or will be non-representative as applicable by the end of June 2023, and restrictions 
have been imposed on new use of U.S. dollar LIBOR.  
Given the unpredictable consequences of benchmark reform, any of these developments 
could have an adverse impact on market participants, including the Group, in respect of any 
financial instruments linked to, or referencing, any of these benchmark reference rates. 
Uncertainty associated with such potential changes, including the availability and/or suitability 
of alternative RFRs, the participation of customers and third party market participants in the 
transition process, challenges with respect to required documentation changes, and the 
impact of legislation to deal with certain legacy contracts that cannot convert into or add fall-
back RFRs before cessation of the benchmark they reference, may adversely affect a broad 
range of transactions (including any securities, loans and derivatives which use LIBOR or any 
other affected benchmark to determine the interest payable which are included in the Group’s 
financial assets and liabilities) that use these reference rates and indices, and present a 
number of risks for the Group, including but not limited to: 
 
Legal and regulatory risk - LIBOR transition introduces the potential for litigation risk, 
including risks relating to contractual continuity, mis-selling and value transfer claims. 
Regulatory actions adverse to the Group may also result if regulatory requirements 
and/or expectations are not met.  
 
Conduct Risk (as defined below) - The Group considers Conduct Risk to be a 
significant area of non-financial risk management throughout the transition. In 
particular, clients may allege that they have not been treated fairly throughout the

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
32 
 
 
transition or may not be aware of the options available to them and the implications of 
decisions taken, leading them to claim unfair financial detriment. 
 
Operational risk – Changes to existing reference rates and indices, discontinuation of 
any reference rate or index and transition to alternative RFRs have required changes 
to some of the Group’s information technology systems ("IT systems"), trade 
reporting infrastructure, operational processes and controls. In addition, if any 
reference rate or index (such as LIBOR) is no longer available to calculate amounts 
payable, the Group incurs additional expenses in amending documentation for new 
and existing transactions and/or effecting the transition from the original reference 
rate or index to a new reference rate or index.  
 
Market risk – It is possible that markets and industries transition at different paces in 
different regions and across different products, presenting various sources of basis 
risk and posing major challenges on hedging strategies. 
 
Accounting risk – The changes in benchmark rates, and their impact on matters such 
as the measurement of financial instruments, may not be incorporated correctly by 
the Group into its financial statements.  
The occurrence or continuance of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
1.5 
The Group is exposed to risks arising from new business structures, channels and 
competition 
There is increasing usage of partnerships and alliances by banks (including the Group) to 
respond to disruption and changes to the industry; particularly from new technologies. While 
partnerships and alliances are integral to banks' emerging business models and value 
proposition to clients, they also increase exposure to third-party risks. There are also new 
business models, such as 'revenue sharing partnerships', that present novel risks and due 
diligence considerations. 
Technological advances such as artificial intelligence ("AI"), machine learning ("ML") and 
cloud-based systems are creating new opportunities, but are accompanied by challenges. 
There is also a risk that failure to expediently adapt and harness such technologies would 
place the Group at a competitive disadvantage. 
As new technologies are further embedded across the banking and financial services 
industry, banks (including SCB) may become more susceptible to technology-related risks. 
For example, the growing usage of big data and cloud computing solutions requires enhanced 
focus on cyber security risks in banks. Banks may also face increased risks of business 
model disruption as new products and technologies continue to emerge.  
There is also potential for inadequate risk assessment of new and unfamiliar activities. In 
Corporate, Commercial and Institutional Banking, there is an increasing focus on process 
digitisation to provide scalable and personalised solutions for corporate clients. There is a 
growing number of use cases for blockchain technologies, including streamlined cross-border 
payments and automated key documentation. In addition, digital assets are gaining adoption 
and linked business models are increasing in prominence. The health and social impact of 
COVID-19, the economic fallout and associated increase in cyber threats, most notably 
ransomware attacks, have impacted companies globally, resulting in significant pressure on 
the financial health and security of suppliers, vendors and other third parties that the Group 
relies on. 
Regulators are also increasingly emphasising the importance of resilient technology 
infrastructure in terms of mitigating cyber risk and improving reliability. The challenge is in 
both renewing, and increasing investment into, the Group's technology estate to meet the 
demand for its required performance levels, which continue to rise significantly. It is unlikely

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
33 
 
 
that all services will fully transition, requiring a balance between resilience and agility as new 
technologies are onboarded while existing systems are maintained. There is no guarantee 
that the Group will be successful in maintaining its technology infrastructure and monitoring 
the associated risks on an ongoing basis. The Group is exposed to the risk of failures in its 
technology infrastructure (including related risk monitoring and governance processes). The 
Group is also exposed to the risk of regulatory actions in relation to the adequacy of its 
technology infrastructure and the costs associated with maintaining it. 
The Group is subject to significant competition from local banks and other international banks 
in the markets in which it operates, including competitors that may have greater financial and 
other resources. In addition, the Group may experience increased competition from new 
entrants in relevant product or geographic markets and existing competitors may also 
combine to increase their existing market presence or market share. The wider banking 
industry is also witnessing several significant technology related trends, which is increasingly 
leading to competition from non-bank technology companies (such as those using financial 
technology (commonly referred to as "fintechs") to deliver digital-only banking offerings with a 
differentiated user experience, value proposition and product pricing), primarily in areas such 
as peer-to-peer lending, payments and cross-border remittances. 
In addition, many of the international and local banks operating in the Group's markets 
compete for substantially the same customers as the Group and competition may increase in 
some or all of the Group's principal markets. In order to remain competitive, the Group may 
not realise the margins in certain markets which it would otherwise have expected or desired. 
In addition, certain competitors may have access to lower cost funding and be able to offer 
loans on more favourable terms than the Group. Furthermore, in certain of the Group's 
markets, it competes against financial institutions that are supported or controlled by 
governments or governmental bodies and the Group might be required to satisfy certain 
lending thresholds and other identified targets that are not applicable to such financial 
institutions. Regulations may also favour local banks by restricting the ability of international 
banks, such as the Group, to enter the market and/or expand their existing operations. Such 
restrictions could adversely affect the Group's ability to compete in these markets.  
The occurrence or continuance of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's financial condition, results of operations and, if severe or prolonged, its 
prospects. 
1.6 
Increased data privacy and security risks from strategic and wider use of data 
As digital technologies grow in sophistication and become further embedded across the 
banking and financial services industry, the potential impact profile with regards to data risk is 
changing. Banks may become more susceptible to technology-related data security risks as 
well as customer privacy risks. The growing use of big data for analysis purposes and cloud 
computing solutions are examples of this. 
There is an increasing trend of highly organised threat actors, both state sponsored and 
through organised crime. Tactics are becoming more sophisticated and attacks more targeted 
over time. New techniques, and developments of weapons such as ransomware, are 
available as a service; reducing the cost of complex attack methods. Increasing connectivity 
is driving growth and new technologies, but also increasing the Group’s cyber-attack surface 
and possible entry points for cyber criminals. 
The Group, as well as the industry, continues to face challenges to keep pace with the 
volume of data related regulatory change, with regulatory requirements and client 
expectations increasing in areas such as data management, data protection, data sovereignty 
and privacy, including the ethical use of data and AI. Both (i) Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the 
EU General Data Protection Regulation) (the "GDPR"), and (ii) the GDPR as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA and the Data Protection, Privacy and 
Electronic Communication (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 raise the profile of 
data protection compliance. In addition, regulatory drivers such as the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision's ("BCBS") requirements on effective risk data aggregation and risk

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
34 
 
 
reporting require enhanced controls over data lineage and quality. The increasing use of AI 
and ML technology within the Group also requires additional data protection considerations 
and assumptions, including in respect of the algorithms used in the underlying analysis as 
well as the resulting data produced. 
Increased bilateral geopolitical disputes centring on data has prompted some governments to 
issue data sovereignty legislation, in some cases extraterritorial in nature, which may impact 
Group processes. Regulatory drivers and requirements vary by market, and the risk of 
fragmentation of requirements across the Group’s footprint is growing over time. 
Fragmentation has also been seen to occur inter-market where, in some instances, there is 
conflicting guidance from different regulatory authorities within the same jurisdiction. The 
Group’s data management policies, standards and controls need to be effectively updated 
and applied accordingly. 
The occurrence or continuance of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's financial condition, results of operations and, if severe or prolonged, its 
prospects.  
2. 
CREDIT AND TRADED RISK 
2.1 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with changes in the credit quality and the 
recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due 
from counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group's businesses.  
Although the Group believes that its continued focus on high-quality origination within a more 
granular risk appetite has enabled sustained improvements in the credit quality of its 
corporate and consumer portfolios, the Group remains alert to broader uncertainties and the 
"new normal"which will follow the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Principal uncertainties include the Russia-Ukraine crisis, the continuing impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic and its effect on the operating environment and the overall macroeconomic 
outlook across the Group's footprint, the economic recovery rate, supply chain dislocations 
and emerging market risks. See the risk factor entitled "Risks relating to the Group and its 
business operations – The COVID-19 pandemic, a reduction in the effectiveness of vaccines 
and the emergence of new diseases, could continue to affect the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Issuers and of the Group materially and adversely". 
The most recent outbreak in China has triggered lockdowns in certain metropolitan areas, 
including Shanghai, but the sustainability of China's zero-COVID-19 policy remains uncertain. 
The COVID-19 pandemic, the response to it and its associated global economic slowdown 
had caused liquidity and potential solvency issues for a number of the world's poorest 
countries. The combination of economic downturns, increased unemployment, the Russia-
Ukraine crisis (which has resulted in a further spike in the price of energy and commodities), 
supply chain disruptions, capital flight, political instability and increased debt obligations for 
extending financial support have made it difficult for some countries to refinance their debts. A 
sharp tightening of financial conditions, possibly triggered by a rise in bond yields in advanced 
economies or a deterioration in global risk sentiment, could also push-up debt servicing costs 
for such countries. With the expiry of the G20 Debt Service Suspension Initiative (the "DSSI") 
on 31 December 2021, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, three countries (Zambia, 
Ethiopia and Chad) have requested for their debt to be restructured as part of the Common 
Framework for Debt Treatments beyond the DSSI . In addition, Sri Lanka defaulted in April 
2022 on its foreign debt and will require comprehensive restructuring of these obligations. 
Long term low or negative interest rates, in addition to the response to the economic impact 
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, means that developed market central banks have 
seen record balance sheet expansion in recent years. There is a risk this may result in asset 
bubbles and/or persistent inflation. Refinance risk may also become an increasing concern.

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
35 
 
 
Any change in global or country-specific economic conditions or asset values, adverse 
changes in the credit quality of the Group's borrowers and counterparties, and adverse 
changes arising from a deterioration in economic conditions or asset values (including a 
prolonged or severe deterioration) could reduce the recoverability and value of the Group's 
assets and require an increase in the Group level provisions for bad and doubtful debts or 
write-downs experienced by the Group, as some of the underlying risk would manifest upon 
the removal of support measures. The Group may also experience these effects if a systemic 
failure in one or more financial systems were to occur (see the risk factor entitled "Credit and 
traded risk - The Group is exposed to systemic risk resulting from failures by banks, other 
financial institutions and corporates").  
Direct or indirect regulatory interventions may also adversely impact the operating 
environment. These interventions could be based on fundamental policies such as house-
hold debt levels, money supply control etc. but could also at times be influenced by politically 
motivated measures. Industry wide forbearances, capping of debts to overleveraged 
customers, capping unsecured debt limits and controlling property prices are some examples 
of measures that can impact a customer's ability and intention to serve debt obligations. 
Further information on COVID-19 relief measures can be found on pages 219 to 220 of the 
SCPLC 2021 Annual Report. 
Whilst credit impairment costs were noticeably lower in 2021 than in 2020, with a reduction of 
U.S.$2 billion, and against an improving economic backdrop as markets recover from the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, amongst other things, future developments in the 
abovementioned macroeconomic conditions may adversely affect the Group's credit 
impairment costs in 2022 or in future periods. The occurrence of any of the above, or a failure 
by the Group to manage these risks effectively, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's financial condition, results of operations and, if severe or prolonged, its prospects. 
2.2 
The Group is exposed to systemic risk resulting from failures by banks, other financial 
institutions and corporates 
Within the financial services industry, the default of any institution or corporate could lead to 
defaults by other institutions. Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to 
significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions as the commercial 
soundness of many financial institutions may be closely correlated as a result of their credit, 
trading, clearing or other relationships. This risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk", 
and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, 
banks, securities firms, other financial institutions and exchanges with whom the Group 
interacts on a daily basis. In turn, the soundness of these institutions could have an adverse 
effect on the Group's ability to raise new funding and could have a material impact on the 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
2.3 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, exchange 
rates, commodity prices, credit spreads, equity prices and other market risks 
The primary categories of market risk for the Group are: 
 
interest rate risk: arising from changes in yield curves and implied volatilities on 
interest rate options; 
 
foreign exchange risk: arising from changes in currency exchange rates and implied 
volatilities on foreign exchange options; 
 
commodity risk: arising from changes in commodity prices and implied volatilities on 
commodity options, covering energy, precious metals, base metals and agriculture as 
well as commodity baskets; 
 
credit spread risk: arising from changes in the price of debt instruments and credit-
linked derivatives, driven by factors other than the level of risk-free interest rates; and 
 
equity risk: arising from changes in the prices of equities, equity indices, equity 
baskets and implied volatilities on related options.

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
36 
 
 
The occurrence or continuance of unexpected events resulting in significant market 
dislocation could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition and results 
of operations and, if severe or prolonged, its prospects. Failure to manage these risks 
effectively may also have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition and 
results of operations and, if such failure is significant or prolonged, its prospects. 
2.4 
The Group is exposed to the risks associated with volatility and dislocation affecting 
financial markets and asset classes 
Volatility and dislocation affecting certain financial markets and asset classes, whether 
unexpected, prolonged or elevated, are factors that have had and may continue to have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's assets, financial condition and results of operations. In 
particular, these factors have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on the mark-
to-market valuations of assets in the Group's Fair Value through Other Comprehensive 
Income ("FVOCI") and trading portfolios. As at the close of business on 31 March 2022, 
Treasury Markets held approximately U.S.$130 billion of mostly High Quality Liquid Assets for 
regulatory purposes under EU IFRS 9/FVOCI accounting rules. Under Regulation (EU) 
575/2013, as amended (including, without limitation, by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (the "CRR 
II")) and as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "CRR"), any 
profit or loss under FVOCI impacts the Group's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ("CET1 
Capital" or "CET1") position directly. In addition, if such volatility or dislocation were to be 
severe or prolonged, this may also adversely affect the Group's prospects. 
Market volatility may also negatively impact certain customers exposed to derivative 
contracts. While the Group seeks to manage customer exposure and risk, the potential losses 
incurred by certain customers as a result of derivative contracts could lead to an increase in 
customer disputes and corporate defaults and result in further write-downs or impairments. 
Failure to manage such risks therefore would have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
financial condition, results of operations and, if such failure is significant or prolonged, its 
prospects. 
2.5 
The Group is subject to the risk of exchange rate fluctuations and risks associated 
with exposure to cross-border or foreign currency obligations, in each case arising 
from the geographical diversity of its businesses  
As the Group's business is conducted in a number of jurisdictions and in a number of 
currencies (including, for example, U.S. dollars, Sterling, Korean won, Hong Kong dollars, 
Singapore dollars, TWD, Chinese yuan, Indian rupees and a number of African currencies), 
the Group's business is subject to the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. The results of 
operations of Group companies are initially reported in the local currencies in which they are 
domiciled, and these results are then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable foreign 
currency exchange rates for inclusion in the Group's consolidated financial statements. The 
exchange rates between local currencies and the U.S. dollar have been, and may continue to 
be, volatile. The Group is therefore exposed to movements in exchange rates in relation to 
non-U.S. dollar currency receipts and payments, dividend and other income from its 
subsidiaries and branches, reported profits of subsidiaries and branches and the net asset 
carrying value of non-U.S. dollar investments and Risk Weighted Assets ("RWA") attributable 
to non-U.S. dollar currency operations. 
Although the Group monitors adverse exchange rate movements (and, in some cases, may 
seek to hedge against such movements), it is difficult to predict changes in economic or 
market conditions with accuracy and to anticipate the effects that such changes could have 
on the Group and the translation effect against the U.S. dollar of such fluctuations in the 
exchange rates of the currencies of those countries in which the Group operates.  
In addition, the Group's exposure to cross-border or foreign currency obligations gives rise to 
transfer and convertibility risks, which arise from the possibility that a government is unable or 
unwilling to make foreign currency available for remittance out of the country, thereby 
preventing, amongst other things, its use in settlement of cross-border arrangements. Unless 
suitable mitigation is in place to transfer the exposure to an alternative country of risk (e.g.

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
37 
 
 
parental support, offshore cash collateral, comprehensive credit insurance), transfer and 
convertibility risks could result in counterparties being unable to discharge their obligations to 
the Group when due. They could also adversely affect the ability of one member of the Group 
to make remittances to other members of the Group.   
In particular, although the Group's direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine is limited, the crisis 
has led to a high risk of disruption to the settlement of Russian Ruble payments. If this risk 
crystallises, it might impact settlement of the Group's outstanding Russian Ruble forward 
foreign exchange transactions. 
Any such changes in the economic and market conditions, or a failure by the Group to 
manage such risks effectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial 
condition, results of operations and, if severe or prolonged, its prospects. 
2.6 
The Group is exposed to counterparty credit risk 
Counterparty credit risk is the risk that a counterparty in a foreign exchange, interest rate, 
commodity, equity or credit derivative or repurchase contract defaults either on, or prior to, the 
maturity date of the relevant contract, and that the Group at the time has a claim on the 
counterparty. This risk arises predominantly in the trading book, but also arises in the non-
trading book when hedging with external counterparties is undertaken. 
Changes in the credit quality of the counterparties, and adverse changes arising from a 
deterioration (including a prolonged or severe deterioration) in global or country-specific 
economic conditions or asset values can impact the counterparty's ability to meet its payment, 
margin call and collateral posting requirements. The Group may also experience these effects 
if a systemic failure in one or more financial systems were to occur.  
In the broad range of trading products and services, the Group also faces settlement risk 
when there is an exchange of value that is not made simultaneously between the 
counterparties (i.e. where the Group delivers value prior to receipt of payment from the 
counterparty); foreign exchange products are primary contributors to the Group's settlement 
risk profile. There are a broad range of settlement techniques adopted such as Continuous 
Linked Settlement ("CLS"), settlement via Central Counterparties ("CCPs"), settlement on a 
netted basis and Delivery-Versus-Payment ("DVP") mechanisms, to reduce, mitigate and 
monitor settlement risk. 
The occurrence of any of the above or a failure by the Group to manage these risks 
effectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition, results of 
operations and, if severe or prolonged, its prospects. 
2.7 
The Group is exposed to issuer risk 
The Group is exposed to the risk of an issuer of marketable securities defaulting, including 
risks in respect of its underwriting commitments from time to time. Market participants raise 
capital and funding for their needs through the issuance of bonds, notes, debentures, loans 
and other forms of negotiable instruments or securities from investors through public or 
private issuances. Risk arises from the change in value to the investors in such instruments or 
their derivatives. 
The risk has two key components: 
 
the market price risk, which is the potential change in the value of the instrument 
resulting from changes in the underlying market risk factors, predominantly interest 
rates and credit spreads; and 
 
the risk arising from a potential Jump-to-Default ("JTD") of the issuer on its obligation, 
resulting in the value of the instrument falling to the expected value of the instrument 
at default,

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
38 
 
 
together, "Issuer Risk". 
The Group has appropriate mechanisms in place to monitor and manage Issuer Risk; 
sensitivities to the market risk factors and concentration limits across multiple dimensions are 
monitored on a daily basis. Any failure in these mechanisms, or losses occurring as a result of 
the occurrence of an event of default in relation to an issuer or issuers (in each case, whether 
arising from a JTD or otherwise) could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
3. 
TREASURY RISK 
3.1 
The Group’s business is exposed to risks resulting from restrictions on, and decisions 
relating to, the management of its balance sheet and capital resources 
The Group must ensure the effective management of its capital position in order to operate its 
business, to grow organically and to pursue its strategy. Future changes that limit the Group’s 
ability to manage its balance sheet and capital resources effectively, or capital, strategic, 
operational or financial decisions taken by the Group, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s regulatory capital position, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
3.2 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with any downgrade to the Group's 
credit ratings 
The Group's ability to access the capital markets, and the cost of borrowing in these markets, 
is significantly influenced by the Group's credit ratings. A reference to the Group's credit 
ratings includes (i) all ratings provided by the agencies including, but not limited to, long term 
and short term ratings, counterparty ratings and instrument ratings and (ii) any outlooks 
assigned to those ratings from time to time.  
There is no guarantee that the Group will not be subject to downgrades to its credit ratings 
and/or negative changes in the outlook on such ratings. Factors leading to any such 
downgrade or change in outlook may not be within the control of the Group (for example, the 
deterioration of macroeconomic factors assessments, including as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, the exercise of subjective judgement by the rating agencies, a change in the 
methodology or a change in approach used by the rating agencies to rate the Group or its 
securities).  
Since November 2015, certain of the Group's ratings have periodically been downgraded by 
Fitch, Moody's and S&P for various reasons. The impact of these changes has not, to date 
been considered significant by the Group; however, the impact of any future changes to the 
Group's ratings may be material. The ratings agencies each rely on their own methodologies 
to assess the Group's ratings. Common drivers include operating environment, profitability, 
capital, liquidity, asset risk, government/affiliate support, debt buffers and Environmental, 
Social, and Governance ("ESG") considerations. Changes in these methodologies or drivers 
and/or any changes in the rating agencies' subjective assessments of the Group could 
adversely impact the Group's ratings. Notwithstanding the rating agency methodologies, 
rating agencies have also specifically identified a number of factors based on their most 
recent assessment of the Group that could result in a negative change to the Group's ratings 
in the near future, some of which may be referred to in the ratings agencies' public statements 
on the Group's ratings from time to time. 
Factors identified by credit ratings agencies in their reports include, but are not limited to, the 
Group's financial performance or balance sheet metrics of the Group on which elements of 
the ratings are based, reduction in the Group's debt buffers, external events affecting the 
Group or the broader banking sector, agencies' assessment of government/affiliate support, 
deterioration in the macro-economic assessments of the Group's markets and/or the potential 
for deterioration in the Group's operating environment. If any of these factors materialise or 
other events occur (for example, a change in the methodology or approach used by any

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
39 
 
 
applicable agency that rates the Group or its securities) or any other factors not yet identified 
emerge, they could lead to negative change in the Group's ratings.  
Although the Group currently has a liquid and well-funded balance sheet, any negative 
change in the Group's credit ratings in the future could impact the volume, price and source of 
its funding, or adversely impact the Group's competitive position, all of which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition, results of its operations and/or 
prospects. 
3.3 
The Group is exposed to liquidity and funding risks  
Liquidity and funding risks are a potential cause of loss where the Group may not have 
sufficiently stable or diverse sources of funding or financial resources to meet the Group's 
obligations as they fall due. 
Although the Group currently has a liquid and well-funded balance sheet, liquidity and funding 
risk is inherent in banking operations and can be heightened by a number of factors, 
including: (i) an over-reliance on, or inability to, access a particular source of funding 
(including, for example, reliance on inter-bank funding); (ii) the extent of mobility of intra-
Group funding; (iii) changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as financial 
market instability; (iv) natural disasters, including global health crises such as the COVID-19 
pandemic; and (v) the risk to the global financial system posed by climate change. 
As the Group operates in markets which have been and may continue to be affected by 
illiquidity and extreme price volatility, either directly or indirectly through exposures to 
securities, loans, derivatives and other commitments, its policy is to manage its liquidity 
prudently in all geographic locations so as to ensure each country operates within predefined 
liquidity limits and remains in compliance with Group liquidity policies and practices, as well 
as local regulatory requirements. 
However, any reoccurrence or prolonged continuation of such conditions could have an 
adverse effect on the Group's financial condition and results of operations and, if severe, its 
prospects. In addition, any significant increase in the cost of acquiring deposits, inability to 
further increase deposits or significant outflow of deposits from the Group, particularly if it 
occurs over a short period of time, could have a material adverse impact on the Group's 
financial condition and liquidity position. 
3.4 
The Group is exposed to the risk of regulators imposing new prudential standards, 
including 
increased 
capital, 
leverage, 
loss-absorbing 
capacity 
and 
liquidity 
requirements 
The Group meets the minimum capital, leverage, loss-absorbing capacity and liquidity 
standards under Directive 2013/36/EU, as amended on or prior to 31 December 2020 
(including, without limitation, by Directive (EU) (2019/873) and Directive (EU) (2019/878)) as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA, the Capital Requirements 
(Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018, the CRR and associated technical standards, 
supervisory and policy statements, and implementing measures and as amended by HM 
Treasury and the Prudential Regulation Authority ("PRA") following 31 December 2020 
(together, "CRD V"). The PRA has stated that it intends to follow the Basel III prudential 
framework, as adopted by the BCBS in 2017 ("Basel III") which involves deviations from the 
standards set by CRD V on or prior to 31 December 2020. The UK implemented the first 
tranche of changes associated with the Basel III reforms in January 2022. In March 2022, the 
PRA indicated its intention to release a consultation paper in Q4 2022 outlining its steps to 
implement the remaining elements of the Basel III reforms in January 2025.  
Furthermore, the Group is exposed to the risk that the PRA or the UK Resolution Authority 
(the "BoE") could:

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
40 
 
 
 
increase the minimum regulatory requirements or additional capital, loss-absorbing 
capacity, liquidity or leverage buffers set for the Group or any of its UK regulated 
firms;  
 
introduce changes to the basis on which capital, loss-absorbing capacity, liquidity, 
leverage and RWA are computed; and/or  
 
change the manner in which it applies existing requirements to or impose new 
regulatory requirements on the Group or any of its UK regulated firms.  
As a result, the Group may be required to raise capital, loss-absorbing capacity and/or 
liquidity to meet any of the foregoing requirements (or to meet any changes, or changes to the 
application of, such requirements) or take other actions to ensure compliance, which could 
have a material adverse impact on the Group's financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Group's ability to maintain its regulatory capital, loss-absorbing capacity and leverage 
ratios in the longer term could also be affected by a number of factors, including its RWA and 
exposures, post-tax profit, exchange rate movements and fair value adjustments. Capital 
levels and requirements are more sensitive to market and economic conditions under the 
Basel III standards, than under previous regimes and effective capital requirements and loss-
absorbing capacity could increase if economic or financial market conditions worsen. 
The Group remains a Global Systemically Important Bank ("G-SIB") with a 1.0 per cent. G-
SIB CET1 Capital buffer which was fully implemented on 1 January 2019. If the Group were 
categorised as a G-SIB with a greater than 1 per cent. requirement, the Group's minimum 
CET1 Capital requirement would increase. Certain of the Group's non-UK entities have been, 
and others may be, designated domestic systemically-important banks (referred to in the EU 
and in the UK as other systemically-important institutions, or "O-SIIs") in the markets in which 
they operate in accordance with the approach developed by the BCBS and the Financial 
Stability Board (the "FSB"), which may in the future result in higher capital requirements for 
them.  
The PRA also has additional tools to require firms to hold additional capital, including, for 
example, a "PRA buffer" (which replaced the PRA Capital Planning Buffer in 2015). The PRA 
buffer is intended to ensure the Group remains well capitalised during periods of stress. It is 
understood that to set the PRA buffer, the PRA considers results from various stress tests as 
well as other relevant information. The PRA buffer is additional to the existing capital 
conservation buffer, and is applied if and to the extent that the PRA considers existing capital 
buffers do not adequately address the Group risk profile. The PRA buffer is not disclosed. 
Certain UK banks (including SCB) are subject to a minimum leverage ratio of 3.25 per cent., 
and in certain cases a supplementary leverage ratio buffer is applicable. The Group is also 
required to ensure that the amount of stable sources of funding to which it has access (i.e. 
liquidity) meets a ratio prescribed by the CRR.   
Institutions for which bail-in is the appropriate resolution strategy, such as the Group, are also 
required to hold certain amounts of loss-absorbing capital (i.e. minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL")). 
In addition, the PRA has introduced new prudential requirements for holding companies that 
substantively control their group. SCPLC sought approval as a parent holding company from 
the PRA on 28 June 2021 and approval was provided on 21 December 2021. As a result, 
SCPLC is subject to direct supervision to ensure compliance with consolidated prudential 
requirements and the PRA will have additional powers to enforce compliance with these 
prudential requirements. 
If the regulatory capital, leverage, loss-absorbing capacity, liquidity or other requirements 
applied to the Group are increased in the future, this may have an adverse effect on the 
Group's financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, any failure by the

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
41 
 
 
Group to satisfy such increased requirements could result in regulatory intervention or 
sanctions (including loss or suspension of a banking license) or significant reputational harm, 
which in turn may have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group may also be impacted by the implementation of further regulations which are 
currently under consultation or yet to be finalised or transposed (where applicable) into 
domestic law.  For example, pursuant to a consultation paper published in February 2022, the 
PRA is currently consulting on changes to the definition of capital to clarify its expectation of 
firms regarding the quality of capital instruments, among other things, with a proposed 
implementation date of September 2022. Such changes in regulation, if implemented and/or 
when finalised may, directly or indirectly, give rise to increased regulatory capital, leverage, 
loss-absorbing capacity and liquidity requirements for the Group and could materially 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
4. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH REGULATORY RESOLUTION MEASURES 
4.1 
Risks relating to SCB 
The business and operations of the Group may be affected by resolution measures 
developed by its regulators, including those introduced in accordance with the Directive (EU) 
2014/59, as amended on or prior to 31 December 2020 (including, without limitation, by 
Directive 2019/879), (the "BRRD"), as implemented by the Banking Act 2009 (the "UK 
BRRD") 
The wide-ranging powers introduced and to be introduced by the Group's regulators to enable 
them to intervene and alter the business and operations as well as the capital and debt 
structure of an unsound or failing bank could have significant consequences for the Group's 
profitability, its competitive strength, its financing costs and the implementation of its global 
strategy. The exercise or prospective exercise of resolution powers may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
For example, whilst the PRA has not historically challenged SCB's compliance with the 
contractual recognition of bail-in requirement, it remains open to the PRA to comment on this, 
which could require SCB to renegotiate relevant contracts in the future, incurring additional 
costs to the Group in doing so.   
In addition, the preparation and maintenance of recovery plans and resolution plan-related 
information, and the need to undertake work to improve the resolvability of the Group, 
represents a significant burden for the Group. 
The cost of the UK bank levy, which was established in the UK to cover the costs of bank 
resolutions and ensure the effective application of resolution powers, could also represent a 
material cost to SCB or the Group.  
Moreover, in order to prepare for the possibility of a bank entering financial difficulty, recovery 
and resolution planning regimes provide the Group's regulators with powers to require the 
Group to make changes to its legal, capital or operational structures, alter or cease to carry 
on certain specified activities, or satisfy the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities. If the Group's regulators ultimately decide that any such changes are necessary or 
desirable to increase the resolvability and recoverability of the Group, the impact of any 
changes required may have a material effect on capital, liquidity and leverage ratios or on the 
overall profitability of the Group.

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
42 
 
 
4.2 
Risks relating to SCBHK  
Hong Kong Regulation  
Under the Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Hong Kong 
Monetary Authority ("HKMA") regulates the business activities and operations of commercial 
banks and has the ability to influence banking and financial markets generally. Potential 
investors should be aware that regulatory requirements in Hong Kong may differ from those 
that prevail in other countries. Since the Group operates in the highly regulated banking and 
securities industries in Hong Kong, potential investors should also be aware that the 
regulatory authorities have been consistently imposing higher standards and developing new 
guidelines and regulatory requirements, such as the Basel III capital adequacy standards 
which have been adopted in Hong Kong. 
The initial stage of these proposed Basel III reforms was implemented by the government of 
Hong Kong at the beginning of 2013, and the HKMA is aligning its implementation of the 
reforms in line with the BCBS's timeline. On 30 March 2020, the HKMA announced that it 
would defer the implementation of the Basel III final package by one year to 1 January 2023 
following BCBS's amended timeline. On 10 June 2021, the HKMA has further announced that 
the implementation of Basel II final package will take effect from 1 July 2023 instead of 1 
January 2023. 
In order to implement the first phase of revised regulatory capital standards as prescribed by 
the BCBS in Hong Kong, the HKMA issued the Banking (Capital) (Amendment) Rules 2012 
("BCAR") which came into effect for authorised institutions in Hong Kong on 1 January 2013. 
Under the BCAR, all authorised institutions in Hong Kong are required to meet three levels of 
minimum capital ratios; namely, Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Total 
capital ratios. The Banking (Capital) (Amendment) Rules 2014 came into effect on 1 January 
2015 to implement the Basel III capital buffer requirements in Hong Kong. The changes 
include the phasing-in from 2016 to 2019 of the capital conservation buffer which is designed 
to ensure banks build up capital outside periods of stress of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs, the 
Countercyclical Capital Buffer ("CCyB") which is set on an individual country basis and is built 
up during periods of excess credit growth to protect against future losses, and the Higher 
Loss Absorbency ("HLA") requirements for Domestic Systemically Important Banks ("D-SIB"). 
On 27 January 2015 and 14 January 2016, the HKMA announced a CCyB for Hong Kong of 
0.625 per cent. and 1.25 per cent. of RWAs from 1 January 2016 and 1 January 2017 
respectively under the phase-in arrangements of Basel III, equivalent to 2.5 per cent. once 
fully phased in. On 10 January 2018, the HKMA announced a CCyB for Hong Kong of 2.5 per 
cent. with effect from 1 January 2019, and on 16 April 2019, further announced that the CCyB 
would remain at 2.5 per cent.; on 9 July 2019, the HKMA announced that the CCyB would 
remain at 2.5 per cent. On 14 October 2019, the HKMA announced a CCyB for Hong Kong of 
2.0 per cent. effective from the same day, and on 29 January 2020, the HKMA announced 
that the CCyB would remain at 2.0 per cent. On 16 March 2020, the HKMA announced a 
CCyB for Hong Kong of 1.0 per cent. effective from the same day, and on 7 July 2020, the 
HKMA announced that the CCyB would remain at 1.0 per cent.; on 12 October 2020, the 
HKMA announced that the CCyB would remain at 1.0 per cent. On 28 January 2021, the 
HKMA announced that the CCyB would remain at 1.0 per cent., and on 17 May 2021, the 
HKMA further announced that the CCyB would remain at 1.0 per cent. On 16 March 2015, the 
HKMA announced its designation of SCBHK as a D-SIB in Hong Kong and on 29 December 
2017, further announced its designation of SCBHK under HLA bucket 1 with effect from 1 
January 2018, and on 21 December 2018, required SCBHK to establish 1 per cent. of risk-
weighted assets for HLA from 1 January 2019. On 24 December 2019, the HKMA further 
announced its designation of SCBHK under HLA bucket 2 as of 1 January 2020 with a HLA 
requirement of 1.5 per cent. On 30 December 2020, the HKMA announced that its 
designation of SCBHK under HLA bucket 2 with a HLA requirement of 1.5 per cent. would 
remain as of 1 January 2021. 
To implement the liquidity standards introduced by Basel III, the HKMA issued the Banking 
(Liquidity) Rules ("BLR") in October 2014 which came into effect on 1 January 2015. Under 
the BLR, authorised institutions are subject to liquidity coverage ratio or, as the case may be,

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
43 
 
 
liquidity maintenance ratio requirements. SCPLC has implemented policies and procedures to 
monitor its liquidity position to ensure the liquidity standards set out in the BLR, as amended 
from time to time, are complied with. 
The HKMA may implement the package of reforms in a manner that is different from that 
which is currently envisaged, or may impose additional capital or Loss Absorbing Capacity 
("LAC") requirements on authorised institutions. If the regulatory capital or LAC requirements, 
liquidity restrictions or ratios applied to the Group are increased in the future, any failure of the 
Group to maintain such increased regulatory capital ratios could result in administrative 
actions or sanctions, which may have an adverse effect on the Group's results of operations. 
Establishment of a Resolution Regime in Hong Kong 
The Financial Institutions (Resolution) Ordinance (Cap. 628 of the Laws of Hong Kong) 
("FIRO") was enacted by the Legislative Council on 22 June 2016 and came into effect on 7 
July 2017. 
The FIRO establishes the legal basis for a cross-sector resolution regime in Hong Kong, 
under which the HKMA is the resolution authority for banking sector entities including all 
authorised institutions. The resolution regime grants the HKMA with administrative powers to 
bring about timely and orderly resolution in order to stabilise and secure continuity for a failing 
authorised institution in Hong Kong. In particular, subject to certain safeguards, the HKMA 
has been provided with powers to affect contractual and property rights as well as payments 
(including in respect of any priority of payment) that creditors would receive in resolution, 
including but not limited to, powers to write off or convert all or a part of the principal amount 
of, or interest on, the Securities, and powers to amend or alter the contractual provisions of 
the Securities. As such, holders of Securities are subject to and bound by the resolution 
regime. 
Moreover, in order to prepare for the possibility of a bank entering financial difficulty, recovery 
and resolution planning regimes provide the Group's regulators with powers to require the 
Group to make changes to its legal, capital or operational structures, alter or cease to carry on 
certain specified activities, or satisfy the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities. If the Group's regulators ultimately decide that any such changes are necessary or 
desirable to increase the resolvability and recoverability of the Group, the impact of any 
changes required may have a material effect on capital, liquidity and leverage ratios or on the 
overall profitability of the Group. 
4.3 
Risks relating to SCBSL  
The specific interaction of the resolution recovery mechanics with the Securities is outlined in 
the risk factor entitled "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the structure of the Securities - The 
Securities may be subject to statutory write-down or bail-in" below. 
Singapore Regulation 
Singapore banks come within the ambit of the Banking Act 1970 of Singapore (the "Banking 
Act") and the Monetary Authority of Singapore ("MAS"), as the administrator of the Banking 
Act, supervises and regulates the banks and their operations. In addition to provisions in the 
Banking Act and the subsidiary legislation issued thereunder, banks have to comply with 
notices, directives, circulars and guidelines issued by the MAS from time to time. 
SCBSL is subject to capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines adopted by the MAS for a 
Singapore bank, which provide for a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-adjusted assets and 
a minimum liquidity coverage ratio and minimum net stable funding ratio, expressed as a 
percentage, as further described below. Failure by SCBSL to maintain its ratio may result in 
administrative actions or sanctions against it which may impact SCBSL's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Securities.

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
44 
 
 
Banks incorporated in Singapore ("SIBs" and each a "SIB") are required to meet capital 
adequacy requirements under MAS Notice 637 Risk Based Capital Adequacy Requirements 
for Banks Incorporated in Singapore ("MAS Notice 637"), that are higher than the standards 
set by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee"). Domestic 
systemically important bank ("D-SIBs"), shall, at all times in the periods specified under MAS 
Notice 637, maintain at both standalone and consolidated levels (referred to as "Solo" and 
"Group" levels in MAS Notice 637), the following minimum capital adequacy ratio ("CAR") 
requirements: 
(a) 
a common equity Tier 1 ("CET1") CAR of at least 6.5 per cent.; 
(b) 
a Tier 1 CAR of at least 8.0 per cent.; and 
(c) 
a total CAR of at least 10 per cent. 
In addition to complying with the minimum CAR requirements, SIBs shall, at all times in the 
periods specified under MAS Notice 637, maintain at both the Solo and Group levels, a 
capital conservation buffer above the minimum CAR requirements. The capital conservation 
buffer is met with CET1 capital and is currently 2.5 per cent. 
In addition to complying with the minimum CAR and the capital conservation buffer, SIBs 
shall, at all times in the periods specified under MAS Notice 637, maintain, at both the Solo 
and Group levels, a countercyclical buffer comprising CET1 capital of up to 2.5 per cent. 
above the minimum CET1 CAR, minimum Tier 1 CAR and minimum total CAR. 
The actual magnitude of the countercyclical buffer to be applied shall be the weighted 
average of the country-specific countercyclical buffer requirements that are being applied by 
national authorities in jurisdictions to which SIBs have private sector credit exposures. For the 
purpose of calculation of the countercyclical buffer by SCBSL, the country-specific 
countercyclical buffer requirement in respect of a jurisdiction outside Singapore shall be 
capped at 2.5 per cent. from 2019 onwards, unless the MAS otherwise specifies. 
In the Financial Stability Review released by the MAS in November 2015, the MAS set the 
Singapore countercyclical buffer at 0 per cent. effective 1 January 2017. In the Financial 
Stability Review released by the MAS in December 2021, the MAS confirmed that it would 
maintain the Singapore countercyclical buffer at 0 per cent. 
The MAS issued MAS Notice 649 Minimum Liquid Assets and Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
("MAS Notice 649") which sets out the minimum liquid assets ("MLA") framework and the 
liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") framework. MAS Notice 649 took effect on 1 January 2015 for 
Domestically Systemically Important Banks ("DSIBs"). Under MAS Notice 649, SCBSL, a 
DSIB as designated by the authorities shall be required to maintain at all times, a Singapore 
dollar LCR of at least 100 per cent. and an all currency LCR of at least 50 per cent. 
The MAS issued MAS Notice 652 Net Stable Funding Ratio ("MAS Notice 652") which sets 
out the minimum net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") to be maintained which took effect on 1 
January 2018. Under MAS Notice 652, SCBSL shall be required to maintain at all times, an all 
currency NSFR of at least 50 per cent. at the entity-level. 
The Basel III framework also includes a leverage ratio as a non-risk based backstop limit 
intended to supplement the risk-based capital requirements. The introduction of the leverage 
ratio commenced with supervisory monitoring in 2011, followed by a parallel run period from 
January 2013 to January 2017. Consistent with the Basel III framework, MAS Notice 637 
imposes a minimum leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. for SIBs at both the Solo and 
Group levels. 
If the regulatory capital requirements, liquidity requirements or ratios applied to SCBSL 
continue to increase in the future, SCBSL's return on capital and profitability could be 
materially and adversely affected. Any failure by SCBSL to satisfy such increased regulatory

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
45 
 
 
capital ratios or liquidity requirements within the applicable timeline could result in 
administrative actions or sanctions or significant reputational harm, which in turn may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In the event of the winding-up of a bank, section 62 of the Banking Act provides that the 
liabilities in Singapore of the bank shall, amongst themselves, rank in the following order of 
priority: (a) firstly, any premium contributions due and payable by the bank under the Deposit 
Insurance and Policy Owners' Protection Schemes Act 2011 of Singapore (the "Deposit 
Insurance Act"); (b) secondly, liabilities incurred by the bank in respect of insured deposits, 
up to the amount of compensation paid or payable out of the Deposit Insurance Fund by the 
Agency (as defined in the Deposit Insurance Act) under the Deposit Insurance Act in respect 
of such insured deposits; (c) thirdly, deposit liabilities incurred by the bank with non-bank 
customers, other than those specified in (b) above, which are incurred (i) in Singapore dollars 
or (ii) on terms which the deposit liabilities may be discharged by the bank in Singapore 
dollars; (d) fourthly, deposit liabilities incurred by the bank with non-bank customers other 
than liabilities referred to in (b) and (c) above; and (e) fifthly, any sum claimed by the trustee 
of a resolution fund from the bank under the Monetary Authority of Singapore Act 1970 of 
Singapore. As between liabilities of the same class referred to in each of (a) to (e) above, 
such liabilities shall rank equally between themselves. The liabilities described above shall 
have priority over all unsecured liabilities of the bank other than the preferential debts 
specified in section 203(1) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 of 
Singapore. 
Singapore Resolution Regime 
Under the resolution regime for financial institutions in Singapore, the MAS has resolution 
powers in respect of Singapore licensed banks. Broadly speaking, in relation to Singapore 
incorporated banks, the MAS has the power to (a) impose moratoriums, (b) apply for court 
orders against winding-up or judicial management of the bank, against commencement or 
continuance of proceedings by or against the bank in respect of any business of the bank, 
against commencement or continuance of execution, distress or other legal processes 
against any property of the bank, or against enforcement of security, (c) apply to court for the 
winding-up of the bank, (d) order compulsory transfers of business or transfers of shares, (e) 
order compulsory restructurings of share capital, (f) bail-in eligible instruments, (g) temporarily 
stay termination rights of counterparties, (h) impose requirements relating to recovery and 
resolution planning and (i) give directions to significant associated entities of a bank. In 
addition, the MAS has powers under the Banking Act to assume control of a bank. Under the 
resolution regime, there are also provisions for cross-border recognition of resolution actions, 
creditor safeguards in the form of a creditor compensation framework and resolution funding. 
The Monetary Authority of Singapore (Resolution of Financial Institutions) Regulations 2018 
enhances the resolution regime for financial institutions in Singapore and support related 
resolution provisions in the Monetary Authority of Singapore Act 1970 of Singapore through (i) 
imposing a contractual recoginition requirement in relation to temporary stays on termination 
rights; and (ii) extending existing regulations that safeguard set-off and netting arrangements 
in the event of a compulsory transfer of business during resolution, to reverse and onward 
transfers of business. 
On 5 April 2022, the Financial Services and Markets Bill ("FSM Bill") was passed in 
Parliament. The FSM Bill serves as a new omnibus Act to, amongst others, provide for a 
financial sector-wide regulation of financial services and markets, and the exercise of control 
over and the resolution of financial institutions and their related entities. With the introduction 
of the new Act, the provisions currently in the MAS Act that relate to MAS’ regulatory 
oversight of different financial institution classes will be moved to the new Act. The existing 
provisions that will be moved from the MAS Act to the new Act relate to, amongst others, the 
control and resolution of financial institutions such as Singapore licensed banks. 
Severe supervisory actions taken against SCBSL by the MAS may have an adverse impact 
on the Group's reputation, operations and business and may, in certain circumstances, 
adversely affect the rights of a holder of Securities against SCBSL.

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
46 
 
 
5.  
OPERATIONAL 
AND 
TECHNOLOGY, 
REPUTATIONAL 
AND 
SUSTAINABILITY, 
COMPLIANCE (INCLUDING LEGAL) AND CONDUCT RISKS 
5.1 
The Group is exposed to operational and technology risks 
Operational and technology risk is the potential for loss resulting from inadequate or failed 
internal processes, technology events, human error, or from the impact of external events 
(including legal risks). Operational and technology losses may result from: 
 
deficient execution capability (the failure to execute client facing transactions 
appropriately, and failure to design and/or meet product management standards and 
product-related regulatory requirements); 
 
challenges in the Group's operational resilience (failure to maintain and test business 
continuity plans, failure to maintain systems, failure to meet appropriate data 
standards, failure to appropriately manage vendor services, failure to meet related 
regulatory requirements, failure to manage change projects, failure to meet standards 
for people management including relevant regulations); 
 
non-compliance with laws and regulations on corporate governance and exchange 
listing rules; 
 
inadequate maintenance of financial books and records, financial reporting, or failure 
to comply with tax laws and regulations; 
 
failure to create a safe, secure, and healthy environment for staff and clients; and/or 
 
inability to enforce the Group's contractual risks. 
In the majority of cases, the Group adopts straight through processing to deliver internal or 
external client requests. In certain situations, processes are dependent on manual 
interventions (for example, when a bespoke transaction is supported) which expose the 
Group to execution related risks. The Group continues to invest in and prioritise process and 
system enhancements to curtail and limit these risks.   
The shift towards remote-working for employees caused by the COVID-19 pandemic initially 
enabled better employee safety and was found to benefit productivity. However, the extended 
nature of the COVID-19 pandemic is continuing to restrict employees’ ability to adopt hybrid-
working arrangements causing potential risks to wellbeing. In addition, as demand for new 
skills and capabilities gains momentum with the rapid change in technology and hybrid-
working, the shortage of key skills is driving a war for talent in the financial services industry. 
This, combined with cross-border mobility restrictions and government protectionist policies, 
is likely to intensify competition for local talent and could potentially lead to a lack of key skills 
within the Group’s employee cohort. 
Policy statements on operational resilience issued by the PRA and FCA in March 2021 have 
highlighted the importance of maintaining client services on an end to end basis and the 
expectation for, among other things, firms to identify important business services as well as 
vulnerabilities to set impact tolerances for disruption to important business services and to 
test their ability to remain within these impact tolerances during severe but plausible 
disruption scenarios. The operational resilience requirements outlined in these policy 
statements became effective on 31 March 2022. In March 2022, the PRA published a further 
policy statement on operational resilience and operational continuity in resolution in line with a 
November 2021 consultation paper. The policy statement provides, among other things, that 
certain group obligations relating to operational resilience requirements relevant to CRR firms 
should apply directly to the CRR consolidation entity, rather than just the individual firms in 
their group. CRR consolidation entities are required to comply with the requirements within a 
reasonable time and by no later than 30 June 2022. Other changes relating to operational 
resilience came into force on 31 March 2022 while changes relating to operational continuity

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
47 
 
 
will come into force on 1 January 2023. Resilience risks are heightened for the Group in the 
following areas: 
 
The Group continues to enhance its product (hardware and software) lifecycle, 
however the Group may be exposed to obsolescence risk if product refreshes are not 
carried out in a timely manner before vendor end of support dates. The Group 
continues to run targeted programs to review its product support and to inform on 
investment requirements to maintain products. 
 
The appropriate management, maintenance and use of data supports many of the 
Group's decisions and interactions with clients and regulators. Inaccurate or 
erroneous use of data may lead to financial, regulatory, or reputational impact. The 
Group has adopted a number of key processes and standards to apply and oversee 
adherence to the BCBS principles for effective risk data aggregation and risk 
reporting (BCBS239). 
 
The Group selectively engages third party vendors to support its business strategy 
and operating model. These vendors may expose the Group to further operational 
challenges ranging from non-delivery of services to reputational or regulatory impact. 
The Group manages vendor service risk under the Third Party Risk Management 
Process supported by the Group's risk and control self-assessment standards. 
 
In support of its strategy, the Group continues to invest in its people, processes, and 
infrastructure through material change programmes which expose the Group to 
delivery risk.  
Although the Group seeks to manage operational risks in a timely and effective manner 
through a framework of policies and standards, the occurrence or continuation of one or more 
of the foregoing risks which are inherent in banking activities, or any failure to manage one or 
more of such risks effectively, may have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
5.2 
The Group's business is subject to reputational and sustainability risk  
Reputational and sustainability risk is the potential for damage to the franchise (such as loss 
of trust, earnings or market capitalisation), because of stakeholders taking a negative view of 
the Group through actual or perceived actions or inactions, including a failure to uphold 
responsible business conduct or lapses in the Group's commitment to do no significant 
environmental and social harm through the Group's client, third-party relationships, or the 
Group's own operations.  
Risk drivers with negative impact on the Group are frequently linked with ESG risks including 
increasing regulatory change and the potential for civil claims in connection with adverse 
environmental and human rights impacts, as well as Non-Governmental Organisations' focus 
on climate risk and the decisions taken around thresholds for financing carbon-intensive 
sectors (e.g. coal, oil and gas, and plastics), especially with the Group's recent external 
commitment to adhere to 'Net Zero' targets. Recently, the social impact of the businesses the 
Group finances in alignment with responsible corporate lending, and other governance factors 
have also been an area of growing focus. In light of these trends, there are reputational risks 
if the Group is unable to adapt to new regulation quickly, meet publicly stated sustainability 
goals and assist in helping clients transition. ESG targets and taxonomy requirements are 
also being incorporated into many countries' domestic policies and corporations' strategic 
goals and disclosures. There is fragmentation in the pace and scale of ESG-related 
development across the Group's footprint globally, which adds complexity in managing a 
global business. 
Beyond ESG, a potential failure in the Group's other principal risks may also result in negative 
shifts in perceptions of the Group held by shareholders, other stakeholders of the Group or 
other third parties if not managed effectively.

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
48 
 
 
Material damage to the Group's reputation could have a material impact on the future earning 
capacity of the Group through the loss of current and prospective customers, or through 
damage to key governmental or regulatory relationships. As such, a failure to manage 
reputational and sustainability risk effectively could materially affect the Group's business, 
results of operations and prospects. 
5.3 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with operating in some markets that have 
relatively less developed judicial and dispute resolution systems 
In some of the markets in which the Group operates, judicial and dispute resolution systems 
are less developed than in North America and Western Europe. In case of a breach of 
contract, there may be difficulties in enforcing claims against contractual counterparties. 
Conversely, if claims are made against the Group, there may be difficulties in defending such 
allegations. If the Group becomes party to legal proceedings in a market with an insufficiently 
developed judicial and dispute resolution system, this exacerbates the risk of there being an 
outcome which is unexpected, and an adverse outcome to such proceedings could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
5.4 
The Group is exposed to penalties or loss through a failure to comply with laws or 
regulations 
The Group is subject to a wide variety of banking and financial services laws and regulations 
and is supervised by a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. As a result, the Group is exposed to many forms of legal and 
regulatory risk, which may arise in a number of ways, primarily: 
 
as a result of changes in applicable laws and regulations or in their application or 
interpretation; this may cause losses and the Group may not be able to predict the 
timing or form of any current or future regulatory or law enforcement initiatives which 
are becoming increasingly common for international banks and financial institutions; 
 
as a result of being subject to extensive laws and regulations which are designed to 
combat money laundering and terrorist financing, and requiring action to be taken to 
enforce compliance with sanctions against designated countries, entities and 
persons, including countries in which, and entities or persons with which, the Group 
may conduct and may have conducted business from time to time;  
 
in connection with the risk from defective transactions or contracts, either where 
contractual obligations are not enforceable or do not allocate rights and obligations as 
intended, or where contractual obligations are enforceable against the Group in an 
unexpected or adverse way, or by defective security arrangements; 
 
as a result of the title to and ability to control the assets of the Group (including the 
intellectual property of the Group, such as its trade names) not being adequately 
protected; and 
 
as a result of allegations being made against the Group, or claims (including through 
legal proceedings) being brought against the Group; regardless of whether such 
allegations or claims have merit, the outcome of legal proceedings is inherently 
uncertain and could result in financial loss (including as a result of the Group being 
liable to pay damages). 
Failure to manage legal and regulatory risks properly has, in some cases, resulted (and may, 
in some cases, continue to result) in a variety of adverse consequences for the Group that, 
individually or in combination, could have an adverse impact on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For example:

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
49 
 
 
 
the Group has been, and continues to be, subject to regulatory actions, reviews, 
requests for information and investigations relating to compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations, as summarised below;  
 
the Group may incur costs and expenses in connection with legal proceedings and 
regulatory actions resulting from non-compliance by the Group (or its employees, 
representatives, agents or third party service providers) with applicable laws and 
regulations, or a suspicion or perception of such non-compliance (including costs 
associated with the conduct of such proceedings and any associated liability for 
damages) and such non-compliance may also give rise to reputational damage; and 
 
a failure by the Group to comply with applicable laws or regulations may result in the 
Group deciding to implement restrictions on its businesses or the markets in which it 
operates (or offering to relevant regulators to implement such restrictions or accepting 
proposed restrictions or being required by relevant regulators to do so). These 
restrictions may be accompanied by a requirement on the Group to make periodical 
attestations to the relevant regulators as to its compliance with the relevant 
restrictions (and, if the Group does not comply with such restrictions, or is unable to 
give any required attestations, this may give rise to the adverse consequences 
described above). 
As noted above, the Group has been and is subject to a number of regulatory and legal 
proceedings brought by various authorities and other parties. In recent years, the resolution of 
certain of these matters has resulted in substantial monetary penalties, additional compliance 
and remediation requirements and additional business restrictions for the Group, including the 
monetary penalties paid in April 2019 in connection with resolution of investigations by 
various U.S. authorities and the FCA of U.S.$947 million and £102 million, respectively. The 
Group's compliance with historical, current and future sanctions, as well as financial crime 
control, anti-money laundering and the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act 1970 (the "Bank Secrecy Act") 
requirements and customer due diligence practices are, and will remain, a focus of relevant 
authorities. 
Any breach of law, regulation, settlement agreement or order, or non-compliance with or 
weakness in, the Group's policies, standards, systems, controls and assurance for its anti-
money laundering, Bank Secrecy Act, sanctions, compliance, corruption and tax crime 
prevention efforts may give rise to the adverse consequences described above, any of which 
could have a material adverse impact on the Group, including its reputation, business, results 
of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Ongoing legal proceedings against the Group include: 
 
Since 2014, the Group has been named as a defendant in a series of lawsuits that 
have been filed in the United States District Courts for the Southern and Eastern 
Districts of New York against a number of banks (including SCB and its affiliates) on 
behalf of plaintiffs who are, or are relatives of, victims of various terrorist attacks in 
Iraq and Afghanistan. The most recent lawsuit was filed in April 2022 and concerns 
terrorist attacks that occurred in Afghanistan between 2013 and 2016. The plaintiffs in 
each of these lawsuits have alleged that the defendant banks aided and abetted the 
unlawful conduct of parties with connections to terrorist organisations in breach of the 
U.S. Anti-Terrorism Act. While the courts have ruled in favour of the banks' motions to 
dismiss in five of these lawsuits, plaintiffs have appealed or are expected to appeal 
against certain of these judgements. The remaining cases are at an early procedural 
stage and, except for the lawsuit filed in April 2022 and a similar lawsuit filed in 
August 2021, have been stayed pending the outcomes of the appeals in the 
dismissed cases. None of these lawsuits have specified the amount of damages 
claimed. 
 
In January 2020, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed by the City of 
Philadelphia in the New York State Court against 45 current and former directors and

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
50 
 
 
senior officers of the Group. It is alleged that the individuals breached their duties to 
the Group and caused a waste of corporate assets by permitting the conduct that 
gave rise to the costs and losses to the Group related to legacy conduct and control 
issues. In March 2021, an amended complaint was served in which SCB and seven 
individuals were removed from the case. SCPLC and Standard Chartered Holdings 
Limited remained as named "nominal defendants" in the complaint. In May 2021, 
SCPLC filed a motion to dismiss the complaint.  On 2 February 2022, the New York 
State Court ruled in favour of SCPLC's motion to dismiss the complaint. On 2 March 
2022, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal against the 2 February 2022 ruling. 
 
Since October 2020, two lawsuits have been filed in the English High Court against 
SCPLC on behalf of more than 300 shareholders in relation to alleged untrue and/or 
misleading statements and/or omissions in information published by SCPLC in its 
rights issue prospectuses of 2008, 2010 and 2015 and/or public statements regarding 
the Group's historic sanctions, money laundering and financial crime compliance 
issues. These lawsuits have been brought under sections 90 and 90A of the FSMA. 
Section 90 permits shareholders to pursue a claim if they acquire shares, and suffer 
loss, as a result of misleading statements in, or omissions of necessary information 
from, a prospectus or listing particulars. Section 90A permits shareholders to pursue 
a claim if they acquire, hold or dispose of shares in reliance upon a knowingly or 
recklessly made untrue or misleading statement in, or dishonest omission of required 
information from published information, or if there has been a dishonest delay in 
publishing relevant information. These lawsuits are at an early procedural stage.  
 
As the Group previously disclosed, Bernard Madoff’s 2008 confession to running a 
Ponzi scheme through Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC (“BMIS”) gave 
rise to a number of lawsuits against the Group. BMIS and the Fairfield funds (which 
invested in BMIS) are in bankruptcy and liquidation, respectively. Between 2010 and 
2012, five lawsuits were brought against the Group by the BMIS bankruptcy trustee 
and the Fairfield funds’ liquidators, in each case seeking to recover funds paid to the 
Group’s clients pursuant to redemption requests made prior to BMIS’ bankruptcy 
filing. The total amount sought in these cases exceeds U.S.$300 million, excluding 
any pre-judgment interest that may be awarded. The four lawsuits commenced by the 
Fairfield funds’ liquidators have been dismissed and the appeals of those dismissals 
by the funds’ liquidators are ongoing. The lawsuit brought against the Group by the 
BMIS bankruptcy trustee had been stayed pending a ruling by the U.S. Second 
Circuit Court of Appeals in related cases brought by the BMIS bankruptcy trustee 
against other defendants that had been dismissed. In August 2021, the U.S. Court of 
Appeals issued its ruling in the related cases with the result that the BMIS bankruptcy 
trustee’s lawsuit against the Group is no longer stayed and is now ongoing. While the 
Group continues to vigorously defend these lawsuits, there is a range of possible 
outcomes in this litigation. 
Based on the facts currently known, it is not possible for the Group to predict the outcome of 
these lawsuits. 
5.5 
The Group is exposed to the risks of operating in a highly regulated industry and 
changes to banking and financial services laws and regulations 
The Group's businesses are subject to a complex framework of banking and financial 
services laws and regulations which give rise to associated legal and regulatory risks, 
including the effects of changes in laws, regulations, policies, regulatory interpretations and 
voluntary codes of practice. Legislative and regulatory changes, and changes to 
governmental or regulatory policy, that could adversely impact the Group's business include: 
 
the monetary and other policies of central banks and regulatory authorities; 
 
general changes in governmental or regulatory policy, or changes in regulatory 
regimes that may significantly influence investor decisions in particular markets in

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
51 
 
 
which the Group operates, may change the structure of those markets and the 
products offered, or may increase the costs of doing business in those markets; 
 
changes to other regulatory requirements such as rules on consumer protection and 
prudential rules relating to capital adequacy and/or liquidity and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity instruments, charging special levies to fund governmental intervention in 
response to crises (which may not be tax-deductible for the Group), separation of 
certain businesses from deposit-taking and the breaking-up of financial institutions 
that are perceived to be too large for regulators to take the risk of their failure; 
 
over-the-counter ("OTC") derivatives reforms across the Group's markets, designed 
to contain systemic risk (central clearing, margin requirements, capital) and increase 
market transparency (real-time reporting, exchange or swap execution facility trading, 
disclosure and record retention); 
 
changes in competition and pricing environments; and 
 
further developments in relation to financial reporting, including changes in 
accounting and auditing standards, corporate governance, conduct of business and 
employee compensation. 
In recent years there has been a substantial increase in the regulation and supervision of the 
financial services industry in order to seek to prevent future crises and otherwise ensure the 
stability of institutions, including the imposition of higher capital and liquidity requirements 
(including pursuant to Basel III and CRD V, as defined above), increased levies and taxes, 
requirements to centrally clear certain transactions, heightened disclosure standards, further 
development of corporate governance and employee compensation regimes and restrictions 
on certain types of transaction structures. 
While there is growing international regulatory co-operation on supervision and regulation of 
international and EU and UK banking groups, the Group is, and will continue to be, subject to 
the complexity of complying with existing and new regulatory requirements in each of the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. Where changes in regulation are implemented they may not 
be co-ordinated, potentially resulting in the Group having to comply with different and possibly 
conflicting requirements.  
The Group could also be subject to increased cyber security regulation, including a more 
robust cyber security stress test in 2022 designed to test banks' ability to withstand co-
ordinated global cyber-attacks announced by the BoE's Financial Policy Committee on 26 
March 2021. 
The foregoing matters may adversely impact any number of areas of the Group's operations 
and activities which in turn may have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
5.6 
Changes in law or regulation applicable to derivatives may adversely affect the Group's 
business and the Group may face increased costs and/or reduced revenues 
The business of the Group is subject to increased regulation and regulatory changes at both a 
local and global level which may increase the costs of, and/or reduce the revenue from, its 
business. The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions 
and policies in each location in which the Group operates.  
In July 2010, the United States passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"). The Dodd-Frank Act established wide-ranging reform 
of the U.S. regulatory system designed to contain systemic risk (central clearing, margin 
requirements, capital) and increase market transparency (real-time reporting, exchange or 
swap execution facility trading, disclosure and record retention). The legislation also 
introduced registration and oversight of key entities engaging in swaps. The Group is not a

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
52 
 
 
U.S. Person (as defined in the Dodd-Frank Act) and SCB is registered with the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") as a Non-U.S. Person Swap Dealer (as defined in the 
US Commodity Exchange Act) and with the Securities and Exchange Commission as a 
Security-Based Swap Dealer. Relevant federal regulatory agencies have been issuing new 
rules, implementing regulations, and instructing the relevant regulatory agencies to examine 
specific issues before taking any action. The Group therefore continues to track and assess 
the impact of the reforms and maintains internal programmes (including in respect of 
operational systems) to ensure compliance. 
Both (i) the European Market Infrastructure Regulation, formally known as Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and the Council on Over-The-Counter Derivatives, 
Central Counterparties and Trade Repositories, as amended on or prior to 31 December 2020 
("EMIR") and (ii) EMIR as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA 
("UKMIR"), impose requirements to report all derivative transactions to authorised or 
recognised trade repositories and the obligation to clear on authorised or recognised central 
clearing counterparties certain OTC derivative transactions ("Transactions") executed with 
financial counterparties and non-financial counterparties who exceed certain clearing 
thresholds. EMIR and UKMIR also introduce a stringent risk mitigation regime for all 
uncleared Transactions including a requirement to exchange collateral or margin. 
The regulatory changes and resulting requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, EMIR, UKMIR and 
similar international reform efforts may continue to increase the costs of, and/or reduce the 
revenue from, engaging in Transactions and related activities for the Group. Provisions of the 
Dodd-Frank Act have also caused or required certain market participants (including SCB) to 
transfer some of their derivatives activities to separate entities. For example, in the CFTC 
swap dealer space, SCB currently prohibits any subsidiary from transacting in-scope 
derivatives with U.S. persons (specifically to prevent any subsidiary from having to register as 
a swap dealer). In cases where these counterparties are not able (or unwilling) to face SCB, 
this activity and associated client revenue may be lost at a Group level. Accordingly, the 
ability to enter into and perform Transactions or engage in future Transactions may be 
affected in both predictable and unpredictable ways, including increasing the costs of or 
reducing the incentives for engaging in such activities. New regulations may also put 
restraints on the way the Group can conduct its business with regard to derivatives, if those 
derivatives are not cleared through a central clearing house (or otherwise give rise to new 
compliance requirements depending on the type of regulation).  
5.7 
Changes in the Group's accounting policies or in accounting standards could affect its 
capital ratios and how it reports its financial condition and results of operations 
The Group's financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 were prepared in 
accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards and EU IFRS. There are no 
significant differences between UK-adopted international accounting standards and EU IFRS. 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board and/or the UK Endorsement 
Board may change international accounting standards, which could affect the Group's capital 
ratios or how it reports its financial position and performance. In some cases, SCPLC could 
be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, or voluntarily elect to change its 
accounting policies, resulting in restating prior period financial statements. 
Further information on the Group's accounting policies and accounting standards in issue but 
not yet effective may be found on page 317 of the SCPLC 2021 Annual Report. However, any 
other changes to UK-adopted international accounting standards or EU IFRS, to the extent 
applicable, that may be proposed in the future, could materially adversely affect the Group's 
reported results of operations and financial position.  
5.8 
Climate related physical risks and transition risks 
The Group is exposed to the potential for financial loss and further non-financial detriments 
arising from climate change and society's response to it. This risk consists principally of:

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
53 
 
 
 
physical risk, being the risks arising from increasing frequency and severity of acute 
weather-related events and longer-term chronic shifts in climate patterns; and  
 
transition risk, being the risks arising from the process of adjustment to a low-carbon 
economy, in order to limit global temperature rise,  
together referred to as "Climate Risk". 
Climate Risk continues to be a core focus of regulatory policy-making across all jurisdictions 
in which the Group operates, enhanced by COP26 related initiatives. For example, 
environmental targets are being incorporated into many countries' domestic policies, with 
increased pressure to set ambitious sustainability goals. In the UK, the BoE has initiated and 
developed a series of regulatory measures, supervisory statements and discussion papers on 
Climate Risk. 
The Group anticipates that the climate-related regulatory environment in which it operates will 
be subject to further regulatory developments. 
Such regulatory developments and the possibility of regulatory fragmentation across regions 
in which the Group operates, together with existing guidance and expectations, may have 
significant impacts, for example, by increasing potential 'transition' risks for the Group's 
clients, and requiring investment in terms of resources to comply with regulations across the 
Group's markets. 
If governments fail to enact policies which limit global warming, many of the Group's clients, 
markets and operations will be particularly susceptible to the 'physical' risks of climate change 
such as droughts, floods, sea level change and average temperature change. For example, 
severe weather events have caused increased volatility in commodity prices, exacerbated 
disruptions in global supply chains, and impacted regions in which the Group and its clients 
operate. 
Climate Risk may impact the loss profile of the Group's loan portfolio, as a result of potential 
disruption or productivity loss to clients' operations due to physical risk, or transition risks 
impacting the profitability of our clients' existing business models. Additionally, properties 
securing loans may be subject to extreme physical risk, impacting the valuation of collateral 
held. The occurrence or continuance of any of the abovementioned risks could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition, results of operations and, if severe 
or prolonged, its prospects. 
5.9 
The Group is exposed to conduct risk 
"Conduct Risk" is defined as the "risk of detriment to the Group's clients, investors, 
shareholders, counterparties, employees, market integrity and competition arising from (i) 
business activities performed by the Group, or (ii) individual behaviour and actions including 
instances of wilful or negligent misconduct".  
Failure to manage Conduct Risk which results in a failure to (i) deliver positive outcomes to 
the Group's clients, investors, shareholders, counterparties, employees, markets and 
competition, (ii) protect the integrity of the markets in which the Group operates, and/or (iii) 
provide employees with a fair and safe working environment that is free from discrimination, 
exploitation, bullying, harassment and/or inappropriate language, may lead to regulatory 
consequences, financial loss and reputational damage.  
The effective management of Conduct Risk takes into consideration the Group's culture, its 
strategy, business model, and the implementation of the three lines of defence model across 
the Group. Effective from January 2021 onwards, the Group incorporated Conduct Risk 
management into its overall Enterprise Risk Management Framework to reflect the 
overarching nature of Conduct Risk and ensure that it is always considered as part of the 
other principal risks to the Group.

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
54 
 
 
Although the Group seeks to manage Conduct Risk in a timely and effective manner, the 
occurrence or continuation of one or more of the abovementioned risks, or any failure to 
manage one or more of such risks effectively, may have a material adverse effect on clients 
and the Group's financial position and operations. 
6. 
INFORMATION AND CYBER SECURITY RISK, FINANCIAL CRIME RISK AND MODEL 
RISK 
6.1 
The Group is exposed to information and cyber security ("ICS") risk 
Cybercrime is rising and becoming more globally coordinated. The Group's business depends 
on its ability to protect client data and process large volumes of transactions efficiently and 
with integrity. The Group is increasingly reliant on ICS to be effectively managed for digital 
technologies, technology infrastructure, systems, communication services and networks. The 
dependency on secure processing, storage and transmission of sensitive information in its 
systems and networks increases the Group's risk of being subject to cybercrime which would 
result in the Group facing disruption, extortion and data theft (which may be for fraud or other 
purposes). 
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the move towards remote working for the 
Group's employees as a result of full or partial lockdowns imposed by many governments in 
countries where the Group operates. The Group now has hybrid working options for 
employees across 28 markets, and over 73 per cent. of employees in these locations have 
adopted flexible working arrangements. Remote and hybrid working arrangements present 
new challenges in the management of ICS risk and there is an increasing trend of highly 
organised threat actors, both state sponsored and through organised crime targeting such 
practices. Such actors are maturing their capability by adapting to new technologies to 
personalise attacks on organisations and initiating attacks such as ransomware. Greater 
difficulty associated with monitoring staff and ensuring security awareness is associated with 
remote working practices and potentially exacerbates this risk. 
Whilst increasing connectivity drives growth and new technologies, it also increases the 
Group's cyberattack surface and possible entry points for cyber criminals. Unless the Group's 
security controls, awareness and assurance maintains pace, the Group may be further 
exposed to cyber security threats, including the potential for business disruption, cyber 
security attacks, data leaks and fraud, which may result in a further reputational risk for the 
Group. The sensitive nature of data held by the Group and other market participants exposes 
the Group to a high level of public scrutiny and potential public criticism in relation to data 
security. If such risks materialise, there may be a material adverse effect on the Group's 
prospects, reputation and customer base. For more information on how reputational risks may 
impact the Group, see the risk factor entitled "Operational and technology, reputational and 
sustainability, compliance (including legal) and conduct risks - The Group's business is 
subject to reputational and sustainability risk". 
The threat from cyber attacks has recently intensified at a global level, and with the increased 
tensions resulting from the Russia-Ukraine crisis and consequential developments (such as 
sanctions restricting Russian banks from accessing certain financial systems), the threat is 
increasingly volatile. This may further expose the Group to increased cyber threats should it 
fail to effectively manage its ICS risks. Although the Group has consolidated its ICS efforts to 
seek to identify and withstand cyber threats and to streamline and instil cyber responsibilities 
across its operating model, if the Group fails to effectively manage its ICS risks, the impact 
could be significant and may result in reputational damage, business disruption (which, in 
turn, may result in lost revenue and a loss of customers), data leakage, customer impact and 
regulatory action. Factors ranging from unmanaged exposures through to challenges 
detecting and responding to sophisticated attacks could give rise to these consequences, 
which, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial 
condition and prospects.

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
55 
 
 
6.2 
The Group is exposed to financial crime risk 
Financial crime risk is defined as the potential for legal or regulatory penalties, material 
financial loss or reputational damage resulting from the failure to comply with applicable laws 
and regulations relating to international sanctions, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and 
corruption, and fraud. 
The Group, through its size and strategic intent, continues to be exposed to financial crime 
risks. These risks are inherent in the Group's operations and may arise from, among other 
things, the Group offering different banking products via multiple channels across regions to 
diverse customer types; the Group's defences being overcome by criminals; and/or regulators 
assessing deficiencies in the Group's design and/or governance over controls operating 
across the Group's client or counterparty due diligence and surveillance. The Group seeks 
continuously to enhance its approach in preventing bribery and corruption, money laundering, 
combating terrorist financing, complying with sanctions and mitigating internal and external 
fraud risk through its internal controls. While the Group and its financial crime compliance 
controls continue to adapt to incorporate new risk indicators, there is no guarantee that such 
adaptations will be effective in addressing all financial crime risks (including those related to 
the COVID-19 pandemic). 
The occurrence or continuation of one or more of the abovementioned risks, or any failure to 
manage one or more of such risks effectively, may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
6.3 
The Group is exposed to model risk 
Model risk is defined as the potential loss that may occur as a consequence of decisions or 
the risk of mis-estimation that could be principally based on the output of models due to errors 
in the development, implementation or use of such models. 
Regulatory focus on model risk has intensified with: (i) the growing importance of models for 
business decisions, and (ii) recognition of financial losses due to inadequate models or wrong 
use. Additionally, the adoption of ML and AI potentially give rise to model risk.  
The Group's model risk results in part from both the number and complexity of the models 
used, and the extent of their use within the Group. The Group uses approximately 950 in-use 
models across 15 model families under the scope of the Group Model Risk Policy. Credit Risk 
Internal Ratings Based ("IRB"), Market Risk Internal Model Approach and Counterparty Credit 
Risk Internal Model Method models are used to calculate regulatory capital. IFRS9 models 
are used for the calculation of expected credit loss to meet the Group's financial reporting 
obligations under IFRS9. Financial crime compliance scorecard-based models are used to 
flag high-risk customers to aid the prioritisation of investigation work. Operational risk models 
are mainly used in capital adequacy assessments to project operational losses under stress 
conditions. Algorithmic trading and climate risk were added to the policy scope in 2021 as 
emerging model use cases, with the latter being used for the 2021 PRA biennial exploratory 
scenario in relation to climate change stress testing.   
Models are used across the Group for various important processes (such as capital 
calculation, stress testing and business decisions). Examples of existing and emerging model 
uses include, but are not limited to:  
 
financial, public and regulatory reporting and disclosures;  
 
stress testing, financial and economic forecasting and internal capital adequacy 
assessments;  
 
product pricing, hedging, valuations, portfolio allocations, automated trading 
strategies and execution, economic and market research;

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
56 
 
 
 
counterparty and credit risk management and client credit decisions;  
 
fraud detection, trade and communication surveillance and anti-money laundering 
controls; and 
 
algorithmic trading and climate risk.  
AI and ML techniques are increasingly adopted as a processing component of models in 
finance, such as algorithmic trading and credit scoring. In April 2021, the Group enhanced its 
model risk management framework to cover key risks that may be amplified when these 
techniques are a type of processing unit in a model and define requirements for development 
and validation activities. However, there is no guarantee that such amendments will 
adequately address the risks identified. 
The volatile market conditions witnessed throughout the COVID-19 pandemic have resulted in 
large movements in macro-economic variables which are inputs of IFRS9 models, some of 
which were outside of the boundary conditions of expected model performance. As a result, a 
number of models required the application of post model adjustments. Further information on 
post model adjustments for IFRS9 models can be found on page 235 of the SCPLC 2021 
Annual Report. 
The occurrence or continuation of model risk, or any failure to manage such risk effectively, 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
RISKS RELATING TO SECURITIES 
7. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE PURCHASE, HOLDING AND TRADING OF SECURITIES 
7.1 
Holders of the Securities may lose all or some of their investment 
A Series of Securities may involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, 
interest rate, foreign exchange, time value and political risks. Prospective purchasers of 
Securities should recognise that their Securities, other than any Securities having a minimum 
expiration, redemption or termination value, may expire or mature worthless. Purchasers 
should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their Securities, except, if 
so indicated in the applicable Issue Terms, to the extent of any minimum expiration, 
redemption or termination value attributable to such Securities. (except to the extent of any 
minimum value). 
The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Security upon exercise, 
expiration, termination or maturity means that, in order to recover and realise a return upon 
his or her investment, a purchaser of a Security must generally be correct about the direction, 
timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  Save for Security where an investor has an earlier 
right to exercise or request the redemption of the Security, the only means through which a 
Securityholder can realise value from the Security prior to the final exercise or redemption 
date in relation to such Security is to sell it at its then market price in an available secondary 
market.  See "The Securities may be illiquid or there may be no active trading market for the 
Securities" below. 
7.2 
Investors are exposed to the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer 
The Securities constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer. The 
obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Securities and the claims of investors under the 
Securities shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, at all 
times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
relevant Issuer, present and future.

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
57 
 
 
The holders will be exposed to the general credit risk of the relevant Issuer, including the risk 
that the relevant Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations (including payment 
obligations) under the Securities, in which case a holder of Securities may lose some or all of 
its investment. 
7.3 
A credit rating reduction may reduce the trading value of the Securities 
The value of the Securities is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal 
of the relevant Issuer's creditworthiness. Such perceptions are generally influenced by the 
ratings accorded to the relevant Issuer's outstanding securities by credit rating agencies, such 
as Moody's Investors Service Singapore Pte. Ltd., Moody's Investors Service Hong Kong 
Limited, Standard & Poor's Hong Kong Limited, S&P Global Ratings Singapore Pte. Ltd., 
Fitch Ratings Ltd and Fitch Ratings Singapore Pte. Ltd. (amongst others). A reduction in the 
rating, if any, accorded to outstanding securities of the relevant Issuer, by any rating agency 
could result in a reduction in the trading value of the Securities, meaning that investors may 
find it difficult to sell their Securities at what they consider to be a reasonable price or at all. 
7.4 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Securities.  
The credit rating agencies may have different rating methodologies, criteria, models and 
requirements from one another.  The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to structure, market, additional factors discussed herein, and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Securities. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be reduced, withdrawn or qualified by its assigning rating agency at any 
time. Additionally, global financial sector regulation is undergoing significant change.  In the 
U.S., the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the 
"Financial Reform Act"), among other things, expands regulatory oversight of the credit 
rating agencies.  It is not clear how this expanded regulatory oversight will impact the ratings 
on the Securities or the ratings of the Issuers. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings 
may be disclosed in the relevant offering document. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory 
purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating 
agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant 
UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case 
of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
58 
 
 
continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Securities changes for the purposes of the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to 
use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Securities 
may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Securities and 
their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus and in "General 
Information". 
7.5 
Meetings of Securityholders 
The Programme General Terms and Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings 
(including by way of conference call or by use of video conference platform) of holders to 
consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all holders, including holders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
7.6 
Calculation Agent Powers and Conflicts of Interest 
The Calculation Agent or any delegate, where applicable, will employ the methodology 
described in the Conditions to determine amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities.  When making any such determination in relation to any amounts so payable or 
deliverable, the Calculation Agent or any delegate may in its sole and absolute discretion 
consider a wide range of information. Such determinations could result in amounts paid or 
delivered to holders being lower than would have been the case had the relevant 
determination not been made or been made on the basis of different information. 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the relevant Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any of its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the relevant 
Issuer and any Series of Securities including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in 
arrangements relating to any relevant asset(s).  Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of 
its Affiliates may contract with the relevant Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate 
to the relevant Issuer, the Securities or any relevant asset(s) and as a result the Calculation 
Agent may face a conflict between its obligations as Calculation Agent and its and/or its 
Affiliates' interests in other capacities.  Subject to all regulatory obligations, neither the 
relevant Issuer nor the Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities shall owe any duty or 
responsibility to any Securityholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the interests of any 
Securityholder. 
7.7 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
In the case of Securities, the settlement or redemption in respect of which is by way of cash 
payment ("Cash Settled Securities"), the relevant Issuer will pay the relevant settlement or 
redemption amount in respect of the Securities in the Specified Currency specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (i) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Securities, (ii) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent value of the settlement or redemption amount in respect of the Securities 
and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Securities. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, the

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
59 
 
 
settlement or redemption amount that investors may receive may be less than expected or 
zero. 
7.8 
The Securities may be illiquid or there may be no active trading market for the 
Securities 
Securities issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely 
distributed and for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any 
particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single Series with a 
Tranche of Securities which is already issued). If the Securities are traded after their initial 
issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the actual or 
perceived financial condition of the relevant Issuer. Consequently, holders of the Securities 
may not be able to realise the value of Securities prior to their expiration or maturity or at 
prices reasonably acceptable to them. 
Although application has been made for certain Securities issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated market 
or its Global Exchange Market, this does not mean that the market in such Securities will be 
any more or less liquid than if such Securities were not listed. In addition, there is no 
assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Series or Tranche of 
Securities will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop or if one does 
develop, that it will be liquid and any such market may be sensitive to changes in financial 
markets. 
Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for 
any particular Series or Tranche of Securities and this is particularly the case (i) should the 
Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Securities having to be at a 
substantial discount to the originally anticipated return, and (ii) for Securities that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. 
7.9 
Market price of Securities may be influenced by many unpredictable factors 
Either (1) the Settlement Amount or Final Redemption Amount (in the case of Cash Settled 
Securities) or (2) the Asset Amount (in the case of Physical Delivery Securities) at any time 
prior to expiration or redemption is typically expected to be less than the trading price of such 
Securities at that time. The difference between the trading price and the Settlement Amount 
or Final Redemption Amount or the Asset Amount, as the case may be, will reflect, among 
other things, the "time value" of the Securities. The "time value" of the Securities will depend 
partly upon the length of the period remaining to expiration or redemption and expectations 
concerning the value of the Reference Item(s) to which the relevant Securities relate. 
Securities offer hedging and investement diversification opportunities but also pose some 
additional risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of the Securities varies with the 
price, level or value of the Reference Item(s) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as 
well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, including those specified herein. 
When selling Securities prior to their expiration, Securityholders should carefully consider, 
among other things, (i) the trading price of the Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of the 
Reference Item(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (iii) the time remaining to 
expiration, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the probable range of Settlement 
Amounts or Final Redemption Amount, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and 
dividend yield, if applicable, (vi) any change(s) in currency exchange rates, (vii) economic, 
financial, political, regulatory or judicial events that affect markets generally and which may 
affect the market price of the Reference Item(s), (viii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the 
Reference Item(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (ix) any related transaction 
costs. Any one or a combination of these factors has the potential to significantly reduce the 
market value of the Securities and in turn the price at which an investor is able to sell its 
Securities.

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
60 
 
 
7.10 
Reliance on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Securities issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global securities 
that may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or may be deposited with a nominee for DTC (each as defined herein). Except in the 
circumstances described in a global security, if applicable, investors will not be entitled to 
receive Securities in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in each global security held through it. While the Securities are represented by a 
global security, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the 
relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Securities are represented by global securities, the relevant Issuer will discharge its 
payment obligation under the Securities by making payments through the relevant clearing 
systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a global security must rely on the procedures of 
the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the Securities. 
The relevant Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in any global security. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a global security will not have a direct right to vote in respect 
of the Securities so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the 
extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint 
appropriate proxies. 
8.  
RISKS RELATING TO PARTICULAR TYPES OF SECURITIES 
8.1 
Risks relating to Warrants 
Purchasers of Warrants may lose all or part of their investment 
Prospective purchasers of Warrants should understand that Warrants represent an option in a 
traded form.  Such purchasers should therefore be experienced with respect to options and 
option transactions.  In particular, a Warrant is an asset which tends to decline in value over 
time and may become worthless when it expires.  Assuming all other factors are held 
constant, the more a Warrant is "out-of-the-money" and the shorter its remaining term to 
expiration, the greater the risk that purchasers of such Warrants will lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Risks relating to time lag after exercise of Warrants 
In the case of any exercise of Warrants, there will be a time lag between the time a 
Warrantholder gives instructions to exercise and the time the applicable Settlement Amount 
relating to such exercise is determined. Any delay between the time of exercise and the 
determination of the Settlement Amount will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. However, a delay in such determination could 
be significantly longer than anticipated, particularly in the case of either a delay in the 
exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum exercise limitation or the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day or a Market Disruption Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) or following the imposition of any exchange controls or other similar regulations 
affecting the ability to obtain or exchange any relevant currency (or basket of currencies) in 
the case of currency linked Warrants. Any such delay could significantly affect and could 
decrease the Settlement Amount of the Warrants being exercised from what it might 
otherwise have been and may result in such Settlement Amount being zero. Warrantholders 
who have exercised their Warrants will not be compensated in respect of any such delay and 
it will not be possible to withdraw Exercise Notices in respect of such Warrants. 
On exercise of Physical Delivery Warrants, there will be a time lag between the time the 
Warrants are automatically exercised or a Warrantholder gives instructions to exercise and 
the time the applicable Asset Amount is delivered. Any delay between the time of exercise

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
61 
 
 
and such delivery will be specified in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. 
However, a delay in delivery could be significantly longer, particularly in the case of either a 
delay in the exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum exercise limitation or upon 
due determination by the Calculation Agent that a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined in 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities) occurred at any relevant time. The value 
of the assets comprising the Asset Amount (as defined in the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Securities) could increase or decrease during this period and could result in the value 
of the Asset Amount being less than the Strike Price (where delivery of the Asset Amount is 
against payment of the Strike Price) or possibly zero. Warrantholders who have exercised 
their Warrants will not be compensated in respect of any such delay and it will not be possible 
to withdraw Exercise Notices in respect of such Warrants. 
Limitation on exercise of Warrants 
If a Maximum Exercise Number is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Issuer 
will have the option to limit the number of Warrants exercisable on any date (other than on the 
final exercise date) to the maximum number specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, in 
conjunction with such limitation, to limit the number of Warrants exercisable by any person or 
group of persons (whether or not acting in concert) on such date. In the event that the total 
number of Warrants being exercised on any date (other than the final exercise date) exceeds 
such maximum number and the relevant Issuer elects to limit the number of Warrants 
exercisable on such date, a Warrantholder may not be able to exercise on such date all 
Warrants that such Warrantholder desires to exercise. In any such case, the number of 
Warrants to be exercised on such date will be reduced until the total number of Warrants 
exercised on such date no longer exceeds such maximum, such Warrants being selected at 
the discretion of the relevant Issuer or, in respect of Exempt Securities, in any other manner 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If a Minimum Exercise Number is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Warrantholder 
must exercise, or, in the case of automatic exercise, hold, the specified minimum number of 
Warrants at any one time in order to exercise and, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if 
exercising or holding a number at any one time greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, 
such number must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in order to exercise. Thus, Warrantholders with fewer than the specified minimum 
number of Warrants or not having the requisite integral multiple will either have to sell their 
Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, incurring transaction costs in each case, in order 
to realise their investment. Furthermore, holders of such Warrants incur the risk that there 
may be differences between the trading price of such Warrants and the Settlement Amount 
(in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) or the Asset Amount (in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants) of such Warrants. 
Exercise Expenses may reduce the overall return on investment in Warrants 
A holder of Warrants must pay all Exercise Expenses relating to the Warrants. As used in the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, "Exercise Expenses" means all taxes, duties 
and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise 
charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or 
taxes or duties arising in connection with the exercise of the Warrants. Payment of such 
Exercise Expenses may reduce the overall return on the investment. 
8.2 
Risks relating to Notes 
Notes are capital-at-risk investments 
The nominal amount of the Noteholder's investment in the Notes is not assured and the 
Noteholder may receive less than the amount it had invested. Accordingly, the Noteholder 
may lose some or all of its initial investment in the Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
62 
 
 
Optional redemption feature may limit the market value of Notes and poses reinvestment risk 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower 
than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on 
the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. 
Partly-paid Notes 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one 
instalment. Failure to pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of its 
investment. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by changes in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently rise 
above the fixed rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, the value of such Fixed Rate Notes may 
decrease and holders may be unable to sell such Notes or may receive a price which is lower 
than the value of its original investment. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor are volatile investments 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or 
other similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for 
securities that do not include those features and holders therefore risk greater losses. 
Increases in the reference rate will reduce the value of Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based 
upon a reference rate such as LIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more 
volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the 
same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are 
more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of 
the Notes but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely 
affects the market value of these Notes. In these circumstances an investor may be unable to 
sell their Notes. 
Risks relating to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and 
any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market 
value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for 
Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
63 
 
 
Range Accrual Notes are volatile investments and may pay no interest 
Range Accrual Notes have an interest rate determined by reference to a specified fixed or 
floating rate multiplied by the applicable day count fraction (which includes an accrual rate). 
The accrual rate is determined by reference to how many days (each an "accrual day") in the 
relevant interest period the relevant reference rate(s) (which may include a spread of the 
relevant reference rate(s)) satisfy the "Accrual Condition" specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (being that the relevant reference rate(s) are (A)(i) greater than, (ii) greater than or 
equal to (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant lower barrier rate(s) and 
(B)(i) less than and/or (ii) less than or equal to (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
relevant upper barrier rate(s) (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms)). Investors should 
note that if the applicable "Accrual Condition" is not satisfied in respect of any observation day 
in the relevant Interest Period, Securityholders will receive less interest than if the Notes were 
Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes that were not Range Accrual Notes. 
Where "Leveraged Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
number of accrual days is multiplied by a multiplier. However, the product of the number of 
accrual days and the multiplier must be greater than the total number of days during the 
relevant interest period before any interest will accrue in respect of such interest period. 
Therefore, Range Accrual Notes are subject to variable interest rates and can be volatile 
instruments, and may pay no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium are volatile investments 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their 
nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility may reduce the market value of the 
Notes and lead to an investor being unable to sell its Notes or receiving a price which is 
substantially lower than the value of the original investment. 
Risks relating to Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive 
bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another 
smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in bearer form in 
respect of such holding (should such Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a 
nominal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes in bearer form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Risks associated with Alternate Currency Notes 
If the Notes are Alternate Currency Notes, then amounts payable in respect of the Notes will 
be determined by converting all amounts due under the Notes from the Denomination

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
64 
 
 
Currency into the Payment Currency at by the relevant FX Rate. In such circumstances, 
amounts that Noteholders receive in respect of the Notes are linked to the performance of the 
FX Rate, which is the exchange rate used for such conversions. 
Risks associated with FX Performance Notes 
If the Notes are FX Performance Notes, then amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be 
determined by applying a performance factor to each such amount. The performance factor 
will measure the change in value of the relevant FX Rate between the specified initial 
reference rate and the value on the relevant FX Valuation Date and such change in value will 
impact the amounts payable in respect of the Notes. 
8.3 
Risks in relation to the use of proceeds of the Securities 
In respect of each Series of Securities which are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as 
being "Sustainability Bonds", "Green Bonds" or "Social Bonds", the relevant Issuer will 
exercise its judgement and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects that will 
constitute eligible projects (as defined in the section entitled "Use of Proceeds") in respect of 
such Series of Securities, as described under "Use of Proceeds" below, and will be financed 
by the net proceeds of the issuance of such Securities. If the use of such proceeds is a factor 
in an investor's decision to invest in the Securities, they should consider the disclosure in 
"Use of Proceeds" below and/or in the relevant Issue Terms, and consult with their legal or 
other advisers before making an investment in the Securities. There is therefore a risk that the 
businesses and projects funded with the net proceeds of the issuance of the Securities may 
not at all times meet the specific eligibility criteria set out in the framework (for reasons 
beyond the control of the Issuer) or may not meet an investor's expectations or requirements. 
Furthermore, there is no contractual obligation to allocate any proceeds of the issuance of the 
Securities to finance eligible projects or to provide annual progress reports as described in 
"Use of Proceeds" below and/or in the relevant Issue Terms. The relevant Issuer's failure to 
so allocate or report, the failure of any eligible projects funded with the proceeds of the 
issuance of the Securities to meet a specific framework or the failure of external assurance 
providers to opine on the relevant eligible projects' conformity with a specific framework, will 
not constitute an event of default or give investors any early termination right with respect to 
any Securities and may affect the value of the Securities and/or have adverse consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, social and/or sustainable 
assets. Neither the relevant Issuer nor any Manager will verify or monitor the proposed use of 
proceeds of Securities issued under the Programme. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green", "social", "sustainable" or an equivalently labelled project or as to what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green", "social", 
"sustainable" or such other equivalent label, and there is a risk that no clear consensus will 
develop over time. Accordingly, there is a risk that any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the net proceeds of the issuance of 
the Securities may not meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "social", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives, and that adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts may not occur during the implementation of any 
projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with 
the net proceeds of the issuance of the Securities. 
There is a risk that any opinion or report (including, without limitation, the Sustainalytics 
reports and opinions referred to in "Use of Proceeds" below) of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of 
the Securities may not be suitable or reliable, and in particular that the businesses and 
projects to be funded with the net proceeds of the issuance of the Securities may not fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
such opinion or report is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or report is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the relevant Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Securities.

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
65 
 
 
Any such opinion or report is only current as at the date that opinion or report was initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or report and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion 
or report for the purpose of any investment in the Securities. The providers of such opinions 
and reports are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
If a Series of Securities is at any time listed in, admitted to or included in any dedicated 
"green", "environmental", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled index, there is a 
risk that such listing or admission, or inclusion in such index, may not satisfy any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards to any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own constitutive documents or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Investors should be aware of the risk that (i) the Securities may not meet investor criteria and 
expectations regarding environmental or social impact and sustainability performance for any 
investors or regarding the characteristics of relevant eligible projects, including their green, 
social and/or sustainability criteria, as applicable, (ii) the net proceeds of the issuance of the 
Securities may not be used to finance and/or refinance relevant eligible projects and (iii) 
where net proceeds of the issuance are used to finance and/or refinance relevant eligible 
projects investors will have no interest in any such assets and payments under the Securities 
will be determined by reference to the relevant Reference Item(s) or otherwise as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Each potential purchaser of the Securities should have regard to 
the eligible project categories and criteria described in "Use of Proceeds" and/or in the 
relevant Issue Terms and determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds, and its purchase of any Securities 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
8.4 
Risks relating to Credit Linked Securities 
An overview of Credit Linked Securities is set out in the section "Investment Considerations 
and additional risks relating only to Exempt Securities" of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should refer to the overview for important information relating to Credit Linked Securities, 
including information concerning how Credit Linked Securities are structured, the role of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Risks relating to an investment in Credit Linked Securities are set out below. 
Investors may lose all or some of their investment 
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Credit Linked Securities may then be 
redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity.  In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, the relevant Issuer will account for any Credit Event in respect of each applicable 
Reference Entity as it occurs and interest will then accrue on a decreased nominal amount of 
the Securities. The credit event redemption amount payable at maturity, if any, will also be 
reduced and may be zero. 
Market price of Credit Linked Securities may be influenced by many unpredictable factors 
The market price of Credit Linked Securities may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst 
other things, the time remaining to the redemption date or settlement date, as applicable, 
prevailing credit spreads and the creditworthiness of the reference entity which in turn may be 
affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. Such 
price volatility may mean the Credit-Linked Securities are illiquid or difficult to trade or can 
only be sold for an amount less than the amount invested by the holders. 
A Reference Entity could take actions that may adversely affect a Credit Linked Security 
A Reference Entity or one of the Reference Entities will, unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Issue Terms, have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Credit Linked

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
66 
 
 
Security and no obligation to a Securityholder of Credit Linked Securities. Any Reference 
Entity may take actions, such as a merger or sale of assets, without regard to the interests of 
the holders of the relevant Credit Linked Securities. Any of these actions could adversely 
affect the value of a Credit Linked Security linked to the relevant Reference Entity. 
A holder of Credit Linked Securities has no rights with respect to the Reference Entity 
As an owner of Credit Linked Securities, a Securityholder will not have voting rights or the 
right to receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to the 
Reference Entity or the obligations of the Reference Entity. 
Hedge Disruption Event could affect physical settlement 
In the case of Physically Settled Securities, if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent an event, 
as a result of which the relevant Issuer and/or any of its affiliates has not received the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations (each a "Hedge Disruption Obligation") under the terms of any 
hedging transactions in respect of the Physically Settled Securities (a "Hedge Disruption 
Event"), has occurred and is continuing on the second Business Day immediately preceding 
the Scheduled Physical Settlement Date, then the Physical Settlement Date will be postponed 
until the earlier of (i) the second Business Day following the date on which no Hedge 
Disruption Event exists and (ii) the day falling 60 Business Days following the Scheduled 
Physical Settlement Day. Such an event may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
relevant Credit Linked Securities and result in a substantial delay to settlement. If all or a 
portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Asset Amount are Hedge Disruption 
Obligations that are not Delivered by the Physical Settlement Date, then the relevant Issuer 
has 30 calendar days after the Physical Settlement Date to deliver such Deliverable 
Obligations, after which the relevant Issuer may pay, in respect of each Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, the Partial Cash Settlement Amount (adjusted to take account fully for any 
Hedging Costs, if "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms) in lieu of delivering the Asset Amount. Such an event may have an adverse 
effect on the value of the relevant Credit Linked Securities and mean that the return to 
investors is not as they may have originally anticipated. 
Increased credit risk is associated with First to Default or Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities 
Where the Securities are First to Default Credit Linked Securities, the Securities will be 
subject to redemption in full as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in 
relation to the first Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event occurs. Where the 
Securities are Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the Securities may be subject to 
redemption in part as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to 
each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event occurs. The credit risk to 
Securityholders may further be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference 
Entities in a particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference 
Entities to similar financial or other risks. 
In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities and Fixed Recovery Credit Linked 
Securities, investors' exposure to the credit performance of the Reference Entities may not 
correspond to actual market recovery on such Reference Entities 
In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, interest and principal repayments on 
the Securities may be calculated by reference to the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Securities. As at the Issue Date the outstanding nominal amount is an amount equal to the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount. If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, then 
the outstanding nominal amount will be reduced by an amount equal to a predefined portion 
of the Aggregate Nominal Amount irrespective of the actual market recovery in respect of 
such Reference Entity.

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
67 
 
 
In the case of Fixed Recovery Credit Linked Securities, the amount payable following a Credit 
Event is determined by a set Final Price irrespective of the actual market recovery in respect 
of the relevant Reference Entity. Therefore, in the case of Fixed Recovery Credit Linked 
Securities, investors' exposure to the Reference Entity may exceed the exposure that they 
might incur in respect of having entered into a standard single name credit default swap as 
protection seller in respect of such Reference Entity and investors may lose the entire 
principal amount invested. 
In the case of Fixed Recovery Credit Linked Securities, it should be noted that the Securities 
will be redeemed 10 Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent first 
determines that a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred subject to the provisions in 
paragraph 14 (Settlement Suspension). If the Calculation Agent later determines that the 
Credit Event Determination Date should be adjusted or should not have occurred (for 
example, due to a DC Credit Event Announcement occurring) then no account will be taken of 
this and the Securities will in any case be redeemed unless this subsequent determination is 
made prior to a cut-off date and subject to the provisions in paragraph 14 (Settlement 
Suspension).  In this case the Fixed Recovery Credit Linked Securities will be redeemed at a 
Credit Event Redemption Amount even where credit settlement might not occur on any 
market credit default swap. 
Physical settlement risks 
Where the Credit Linked Securities provide for physical settlement, the relevant Issuer may 
determine that the specified assets to be delivered are either (a) assets which for any reason 
(including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, 
regulation, court order or market conditions but excluding the non-receipt of any requisite 
consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to 
deliver on the specified settlement date or (b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or any 
affiliate and/or agent has not received under the terms of any transaction and/or trading 
position entered into by the relevant Issuer and/or such affiliate and/or agent to hedge the 
relevant Issuer's obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Securities. Any such 
determination may delay settlement in respect of the Credit Linked Securities and/or cause 
the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash 
amount which, in either case, may affect the value of the Credit Linked Securities and, in the 
case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the valuation of such Credit Linked 
Securities and as a result, the amount payable on redemption.  
In the case of Physical Settlement, where the Deliverable Obligation is a loan, in order for the 
Delivery of the loan (or an interest in the loan) to be effected, the Deliverable Obligation must 
be capable of being transferred to the Securityholder in accordance with its terms and the 
Securityholders must have the capacity to hold such loan (or loan interest) otherwise, there is 
a significant risk that the obligation to deliver such specified assets may be replaced by an 
obligation to pay a cash amount. 
Discretion of Calculation Agent to elect for Auction Settlement may change the terms of 
settlement and reduce the recovery value of Credit Linked Securities 
Notwithstanding that a Credit Linked Security is not issued as an Auction Settled Security, the 
Calculation Agent may, following a Credit Event, in its discretion and in certain circumstances, 
elect to determine the amounts payable by and/or rights and obligations of the parties under 
such Credit Linked Security in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or Reference 
Obligation in accordance with Auction Settlement. Consequently, Credit Linked Securities 
may be settled on terms that are less favourable than those anticipated by the 
Securityholders. Using an Auction could also affect the timing of settlement under Credit 
Linked Securities. Where settlement of Credit Linked Securities is determined in accordance 
with an Auction and this results in a lower recovery value than would have been realised if 
such Auction had not been used, this will lead to a higher loss of the amounts invested.

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
68 
 
 
Auction Settlement risks 
Where Auction Settlement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, or is 
elected to apply by the Calculation Agent as provided in the immediately preceding 
paragraph, and an Auction Final Price Determination Date occurs, the Auction Final Price will 
be determined according to an auction procedure set out in the applicable Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms, available on ISDA's website at www.isda.org (or any successor 
website thereto). Such auction procedure is subject to change at any time. 
The Auction Final Price determined pursuant to an auction may be less than the market value 
that would otherwise have been determined in respect of the relevant Valuation Obligation. 
Auction Final Price and the Issuer's or the Calculation Agent's ability to influence the Auction 
Final Price 
If the Credit Linked Securities are redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
amount payable in respect of the Securities may be determined by reference to the Auction 
Final Price determined according to an auction procedure set out in the applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. There is a possibility that the relevant Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates would act as a participating bidder in any 
such auction. In such capacity, any such entity may take certain actions which may influence 
the Auction Final Price including (without limitation): (a) providing rates of conversion to 
determine the applicable currency conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations 
which are not denominated in the auction currency into such currency for the purposes of the 
auction; and (b) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the 
relevant Deliverable Obligations.  In deciding whether to take any such action (or whether to 
act as a participating bidder in any auction), the relevant Issuer or the Calculation Agent or 
any of their respective affiliates shall be under no obligation to consider the interests of any 
Securityholder. 
Decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee are binding 
As described in the section "Investment Considerations and additional risks relating only to 
Exempt Securities", in certain circumstances the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has the power to make binding decisions on critical issues and investors will have 
no control over how such decisions are made notwithstanding that they may have a 
significant impact on the return (if any) to investors. 
Credit Event and Succession Event Backstop Dates 
Where (a) the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) applies and 
the July 2009 Supplement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or 
(b) the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) applies, a Credit 
Event may be triggered if a request is submitted to ISDA for the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to consider whether the relevant event constitutes a Credit Event 
or if a Credit Event Notice or a Notice of Publicly Available Information is delivered, within 60 
calendar days of the occurrence of such Credit Event unless a Credit Event Determination 
Date has already occurred with respect to such event. For Succession Events the lookback 
period is 90 calendar days and functions similarly. These changes mean that there is a time 
limit on the ability to act on a Credit Event or Succession Event and that it is possible that the 
Securities could be affected by a Credit Event or Succession Event that took place prior to the 
Trade Date. 
Movement Option 
In certain circumstances, if following a Restructuring Credit Event a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date, the Calculation Agent may elect, in its sole discretion, to 
exercise the Movement Option, by delivering an effective Notice to Exercise Movement

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
69 
 
 
Option to the relevant Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. If the 
Calculation Agent exercises such option, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms shall apply for 
the purposes of determining the Auction Final Price. Securityholders should be aware that 
they do not have the right to exercise the Movement Option and therefore if the Calculation 
Agent elects not to exercise the Movement Option, the Securities shall be redeemed in 
accordance with the Fallback Settlement Method. 
Changes to terms of credit derivatives 
Terms relating to credit derivatives generally, including the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
and those for Credit Linked Securities are subject to continuous evolution and the view of 
market participants may differ as to how the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions operate or 
should operate. As a result, the terms of Credit Linked Securities may not conform to future 
market standards.  Such a result may have a negative impact on the Credit Linked Securities 
and changes to the terms applicable to credit derivatives may not be predicable or favourable 
to the Issuer or the Securityholders. 
Differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Definitions and the terms 
of Credit Linked Securities 
There are a number of important differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 
ISDA Definitions (in each case, as defined below), as described in the section "Investment 
Considerations and additional risks relating only to Exempt Securities".  Some differences, 
such as the inclusion of a new Credit Event in the 2014 ISDA Definitions, may have a 
significant economic effect on relevant Credit Linked Securities and may mean the value of 
and return on Credit Linked Securities where "Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version)" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms is significantly 
different from Credit Linked Securities where "Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version)" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.   
The 2003 ISDA Definitions have been reflected in the terms set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)" and the 
2014 ISDA Definitions have been reflected in the terms set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)", but 
such terms include important changes to the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA 
Definitions, respectively, including changes to reflect the nature of Securities as compared to 
"over-the-counter" transactions and to reflect any hedging arrangements the Issuer may put in 
place.  Investing in Credit Linked Securities may therefore not have the same economic effect 
as entering into a credit default swap referencing the 2003 ISDA Definitions or the 2014 ISDA 
Definitions and the return to investors may be lower. 
Amendment of Credit Terms in accordance with market convention 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of the Credit Terms for the 
following reasons, notwithstanding that any such amendment may be unfavourable to 
Securityholders: 
(i) 
to incorporate and/or reflect further or alternative documents or protocols from time to 
time published by ISDA with respect to the documentation, trading or settlement of 
credit derivative transactions and/or the operation or application of determinations by 
the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees; and/or 
(ii) 
in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in a commercially reasonable 
manner is necessary or desirable to reflect or account for market practice for credit 
derivative transactions and/or reflect the Hedging Arrangements of the Issuer or any 
of its Affiliates.

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
70 
 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Credit Linked Securities 
Credit default risk with respect to the Reference Entity in addition to credit default risk with 
respect to the relevant Issuer 
The payment of principal and interest, if any, on any Credit Linked Securities is contingent 
upon each Reference Entity's satisfaction of its present and future financial obligations and 
holders will be exposed to credit default risk with respect to each Reference Entity in addition 
to credit risk with respect to the relevant Issuer. 
If one or more Reference Entities experience a Credit Event during the credit protection 
period, and the related Credit Event Notice is delivered or deemed delivered during the Notice 
Delivery Period, Credit Linked Securities will be subject to mandatory redemption in 
accordance with the applicable Settlement Method or, if a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, 
the applicable Fallback Settlement Method. 
The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice does not have to be continuing 
on the date of the Credit Event Notice or subsequently.  Accordingly, holders of Credit Linked 
Securities are exposed to credit default risk with respect to the Reference Entity for Credit 
Events that may be cured or waived subsequent to their occurrence. 
A Credit Event may occur even if the relevant Issuer does not suffer loss: The relevant 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Securities are irrespective of the existence 
or the amount of such Issuer's or its affiliate's credit exposure to a Reference Entity and such 
Issuer and/or any affiliate need not suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a 
result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
Verification of Credit Event: Prospective holders of Credit Linked Securities should note that 
in certain circumstances, there may be no requirement for the relevant Issuer to give 
information which is generally publicly available in relation to the occurrence of a Credit 
Event.  In addition, if a Credit Event occurs in respect of an Obligation of a Reference Entity 
which is not public, holders of the Credit Linked Securities may not be able to verify the 
occurrence of such Credit Event. 
Deliverable Obligations and Valuation Obligations with the lowest market value: Where 
Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement is applicable, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event 
and the delivery of the Credit Event Notice and if applicable, the Notice of Physical 
Settlement, the relevant Issuer has the discretion to choose the Deliverable Obligations to be 
delivered to holders if Physical Settlement applies and/or the Calculation Agent has the 
discretion to choose the Valuation Obligations (as defined in the Pricing Supplement in 
respect of Exempt Securities) to be valued if Cash Settlement applies. It is likely that the 
Deliverable Obligations and/or the Valuation Obligations selected will be Deliverable 
Obligations and/or Valuation Obligations of the Reference Entity with the lowest market value 
that are permitted to be delivered or valued pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked 
Securities. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for investors 
in the Credit Linked Securities. 
Interest may cease to accrue: Upon the delivery of a Credit Event Notice with respect to a 
Credit Event by the Calculation Agent to the relevant Issuer, interest on any interest bearing 
Credit Linked Notes will cease to accrue as of (i) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Credit Event Determination Date (or, if none, on the Interest Commencement 
Date) if No Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event applies or (ii) the Credit Event Determination 
Date if Partial Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event applies. 
Public Disclosure of Information by Reference Entities: Investors in Credit Linked Securities 
bear the risk that information contained in a Reference Entity's publicly available filings may 
be inadequate or inaccurate, a Reference Entity fails to publicly disclose certain information 
and/or that events occurring prior to the date of the applicable Issue Terms that would affect 
the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity or the trading price of the Credit Linked

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
71 
 
 
Securities may not be publicy disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the 
disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning a Reference Entity could 
affect its creditworthiness and thereby the trading prices of the Credit Linked Securities, the 
likelihood of a Credit Event under the Credit Linked Securities and the Auction Settlement 
Amount (if Auction Settlement applies), the Cash Settlement Amount (if Cash Settlement is 
applicable) or the value of any Deliverable Obligations that holders will receive in lieu of the 
cash amounts payable (if Physical Settlement is applicable). 
Actions of Reference Entities: Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger 
or the repayment or transfer of indebtedness) may adversely affect the value of the Credit 
Linked Securities. The views of market participants and/or legal counsel may differ as to how 
the terms of market standard credit default swaps, and corresponding terms of the Credit 
Linked Securities, should be interpreted in the context of such actions, or such terms may 
operate in a manner contrary to the expectations of market participants and/or adversely to 
the interest of holders of the Credit Linked Securities.  Holders of Credit Linked Securities 
should be aware that the Reference Entities to which the value of the Credit Linked Securities 
is exposed, and the terms of such exposure, may change over the term of the Credit Linked 
Securities. 
Reference Obligation and Valuation Obligations: It should be noted that the Issuer has the 
discretion to select a Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent has the discretion to 
select Valuation Obligations in certain circumstances.  In this case the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, may select the lowest value obligations available (see 
"Deliverable Obligations and Valuation Obligations with the lowest market value" below). In 
addition, the Calculation Agent may select one or more Valuation Dates for the determination 
of the relevant Final Price in the case of Cash Settlement. This may result in lower returns, if 
any, in respect of the Securities where a Credit Event occurs and in the case of Cash 
Settlement, this may be significantly delayed to allow for all relevant Valuation Dates to occur. 
Force Majeure Events pose certain risks: Force Majeure Events include, inter alia, events, 
including legal and regulatory changes or illiquidity in the relevant foreign exchange or 
currency market(s), which make it impracticable, illegal or impossible to convert, remit abroad 
or determine a rate in respect of the relevant local or specified currency relating to the Credit 
Linked Securities or for the relevant Issuer to perform or to hedge effectively its obligations 
under the Credit Linked Securities. 
If the relevant Issuer determines that a Force Majeure Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer 
may suspend and/or early redeem such Credit Linked Securities (in whole or in part) and 
upon such redemption, if permitted by applicable law, pay the holder of each such Credit 
Linked Security (or part thereof) an amount determined by the relevant Issuer to be its fair 
market value (which may be zero) and which in certain circumstances may be made in the 
Local Currency notwithstanding such Force Majeure Event less the cost to the relevant Issuer 
of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements. It is possible that any suspension 
by the relevant Issuer could continue after the scheduled expiration or redemption date until 
the relevant Issuer exercises its right to redeem such Credit Linked Securities or until the date 
falling 10 days after such Force Majeure Event ceases to exist. The occurrence of a Force 
Majeure Event may therefore reduce amounts owed to holders and alter the timing at which 
such amounts are received.  
Emerging Markets risks: Where the Credit Linked Securities relate to Reference Entities 
which involve emerging market countries, investors should note that the risk of the occurrence 
and the severity of the consequences of the matters described herein may be greater than 
they would otherwise be in relation to more developed countries. 
Potential conflicts of interest: The Issuers and/or any of their affiliates may have conflicts of 
interest with respect to some Credit Linked Securities. These entities may engage in trading, 
including trading for hedging purposes, for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts 
under their management, in Credit Linked Securities or obligations of a Reference Entity or 
derivative instruments referencing or based on one or more Reference Entities. These trading 
activities could adversely affect the value of Credit Linked Securities. The Issuers and/or any

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
72 
 
 
of their affiliates may also issue securities or derivative instruments that are linked to the 
same Reference Entity as one or more Credit Linked Securities. By introducing competing 
products into the marketplace in this manner, such entity could adversely affect the value of a 
Credit Linked Security. 
To the extent that an Issuer and/or any of its affiliates serves as calculation agent with respect 
to a Credit Linked Security, it may have considerable discretion in performing the calculation 
or, as the case may be, in respect of making determinations and judgements in relation to the 
relevant Credit Linked Securities. Exercising discretion in this manner could adversely affect 
the value of or the rate of return on the relevant Credit Linked Security and/or cause the 
relevant Credit Linked Securities to be redeemed early by the Issuer at an amount that is 
likely to be less than a Securityholder's initial investment.  If the Credit Linked Securities are 
so redeemed, no other amounts shall be payable in respect of the Credit Linked Securities on 
account of interest or otherwise. 
The relevant Issuer and any Manager may, at the date hereof or at any time hereafter, be in 
possession of information in relation to a Reference Entity that is or may be material in the 
context of the Credit Linked Securities and may or may not be publicly available to holders of 
the relevant Credit Linked Securities. There is no obligation on the relevant Issuer or any 
Manager to disclose to such holders any such information. 
The relevant Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may have existing or future business 
relationships with any Reference Entity or, if applicable, any of their subsidiaries or affiliates 
or any other person or entity having obligations relating to any Reference Entity (including, but 
not limited to, dealing, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory and banking 
relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it deem(s) necessary or 
appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the 
consequences for a holder of Credit Linked Securities linked to any such Reference Entity 
regardless of whether any such action might have an adverse effect (including, without 
limitation, any action which might constitute or give rise to any breach, event of default, credit 
event or termination event) on any Reference Entity or any Credit Linked Security. 
Non-publicly available information may not be disclosed to investors: The relevant Issuer or 
any of its respective affiliates may have acquired, or during the term of the Securities may 
acquire, non-public information with respect to any Reference Entity or related obligor(s) that 
they may not disclose. None of the relevant Issuer or any of its respective affiliates is under 
any obligation (i) to review on the Securityholder's behalf, the business, financial conditions, 
nature, prospects, creditworthiness, status or affairs of any Reference Entity or related 
obligor(s) or conduct any investigation or due diligence into any Reference Entity or related 
obligor(s) or (ii) other than as may be required by applicable rules and regulations relating to 
the Securities, to make available (a) any information relating to the Securities or (b) any non-
public information they may possess in respect of the Reference Entity or related obligor(s). 
Leverage: The Securities may be subject to leverage, in which case, the effective exposure to 
any Reference Entity or related obligor(s) may be substantially increased. Leverage will 
expose Securityholders to increased and potentially significant losses where the credit of any 
relevant Reference Entity deteriorates.  
Country Risk: By seeking exposure to the Reference Entities and/or related obligor(s) through 
an investment in the Securities, an investor may also be exposed to the market risks of the 
country or countries to which the Reference Entities and/or related obligor(s) are linked. Such 
investments may be sensitive to any significant (i) changes in market conditions, political, 
social or economic policy, or (ii) changes in laws and regulations, in such a country or 
countries. Country's or countries' government's future control of currency conversion, free 
transfer of monies and securities, and movements in exchange rates may adversely affect the 
performance of, and returns under, the Securities.

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
73 
 
 
9.  
RISKS RELATING TO REFERENCE ITEM LINKED SECURITIES 
9.1 
Investors in Reference Item Linked Securities could lose some or all of their 
investment 
Amounts payable or deliverable in respect of a Series of Securities may be determined by 
reference to the price, value or performance of one or more Reference Item(s) (any such 
Security a "Reference Item Linked Security"), as may be specified in any applicable offering 
document, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Issue Terms. The 
direction and magnitude of the change in the value of the relevant Reference Item(s) may 
determine any or all of the amounts payable on settlement or redemption of Reference Item 
Linked Securities, any interim amounts payable on an interim payment date or the amount of 
interest payable on an interest payment date and the cash value or physical settlement value 
of a physically settled Reference Item Linked Security. 
The terms of a particular Reference Item Linked Security may or may not provide for the 
repayment or payment on settlement or redemption of the original amount invested or the 
payment on an interim or interest payment date of a minimum interim or interest amount. 
Accordingly, if an investor invests in a Reference Item Linked Security, it may lose all or a 
portion of the amount invested in such Reference Item Linked Security and may receive no 
interim or interest amount(s) on the Reference Item Linked Security. 
9.2 
An investment in Reference Item Linked Securities presents significant risks not 
associated with other types of securities 
An investment in Reference Item Linked Securities presents certain significant risks not 
associated with conventional debt securities, the principal risk of conventional debt securities 
being that the relevant Issuer will be unable to meet its obligations under the securities when 
due, the lack of an established trading market and exchange rate and exchange control risks. 
Reference Item Linked Securities present additional risks, which may include, among others, 
interest rate, foreign exchange, time value and political risks, and a holder may lose its entire 
investment if it purchases these types of securities. Prospective purchasers of Securities 
should recognise that their Securities, other than any Securities having a minimum expiration 
or redemption value, may expire worthless. Purchasers should be prepared to sustain a total 
loss of the purchase price of their Securities, except, if so indicated in the applicable Issue 
Terms, to the extent of any minimum expiration or redemption value attributable to such 
Securities. 
9.3 
The market price of Reference Item Linked Securities may be influenced by many 
unpredictable factors  
Factors independent of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, many of which are beyond 
the control of the relevant Issuer, will influence the value of Reference Item Linked Securities, 
including, but not limited to:  
 
the market price of the Reference Item(s);  
 
the volatility (frequency and magnitude of changes in price) of the Reference Item(s);  
 
any dividend rate or distribution on the Reference Item(s);  
 
economic, financial, political, regulatory or judicial events that affect markets 
generally and which may affect the market price or level of the Reference Item(s);  
 
fluctuation in the exchange rates;  
 
the level, direction and volatility of interest and yield rates in the market;

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
74 
 
 
 
the method of calculating the settlement or redemption amount or any interim amount 
or interest to be paid in respect of such Reference Item Linked Securities; 
 
any exercise or redemption features of the Reference Item Linked Securities; 
 
changes in the method of calculating the relevant Reference Item(s); 
 
market expectations regarding the future performance of the relevant Reference 
Item(s) and its composition; 
 
liquidity of the Reference Item Linked Security or any Reference Item in the 
secondary market; 
 
the time remaining until (a) the relevant Issuer can call the Reference Item Linked 
Securities (if applicable) or (b) the expiration or maturity of the Reference Item Linked 
Securities; and 
 
the outstanding amount of the Reference Item Linked Securities.  
Where the Reference Item(s) may vary during the term of the relevant Reference Item Linked 
Security, such factors relating to assets of the class or type that may be Reference Item(s) 
from time to time may also influence the value of such Reference Item Linked Securities.  
These factors will influence the price that a holder will receive if it sells its Reference Item 
Linked Securities prior to expiration or maturity. For example, a holder may have to sell its 
Reference Item Linked Securities at a substantial discount from the issue price if the market 
price of the Reference Item is at, below or not sufficiently above the price of the Reference 
Item at pricing.  
Potential investors should also note that while the market value of such Securities is linked to 
such Reference Item(s) and will be influenced (positively or negatively) by such Reference 
Item(s), any change may not be comparable and may be disproportionate.  
9.4 
The issuer, sponsor or adviser of a Reference Item could take actions that may 
adversely affect a Reference Item Linked Security and may not disclose all relevant 
information 
The issuer, sponsor or adviser of a Reference Item or an asset comprising part of a 
Reference Item for a Reference Item Linked Security will, unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Issue Terms, have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Reference Item 
Linked Security, no involvement in establishing the terms of the Reference Item Linked 
Security and no obligation to any holder in relation to the relevant Reference Item Linked 
Security. 
Such issuer or sponsor may take actions, such as a merger or sale of assets, without regard 
to the interests of the holders of the relevant Reference Item Linked Securities. 
In addition, in connection with the offering of such Reference Item Linked Securities, neither 
the relevant Issuer nor any Manager will make any investigation or enquiry with respect to the 
information concerning any such Reference Item contained in the Issue Terms or in the 
publicly available documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there 
can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including 
events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available documents 
described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the value of 
the Reference Item will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such 
events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning any 
Reference Item could affect the value of such Reference Item and therefore the trading price 
of the Securities.

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
75 
 
 
Any of these actions could adversely affect the value of a Reference Item Linked Security 
linked to the relevant Reference Item, which may lead to a holder being unable to sell its 
Reference Item Linked Securities or receiving a price which is substantially lower than the 
amount of its original investment. 
9.5 
A holder of Reference Item Linked Securities has no rights with respect to the 
Reference Item 
As an owner of Reference Item Linked Securities, a holder will not have voting rights or the 
right to receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to any 
Reference Item. 
9.6 
Risks relating to the use of Reference Item Linked Securities to hedge an exposure to 
the Reference Item(s) 
Prospective purchasers intending to purchase Reference Item Linked Securities to hedge 
against the market risk associated with investing in any Reference Item should recognise the 
complexities of utilising Reference Item Linked Securities in this manner. For example, the 
value of the Reference Item Linked Securities may not exactly correlate with the value of the 
relevant Reference Item. Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Reference Item Linked 
Securities, there is no assurance that their value will correlate with movements of the relevant 
Reference Item. For these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to purchase or 
liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any relevant 
Reference Item. 
9.7 
Hedging arrangements, adjustments and discretions may affect the return on 
Reference Item Linked Securities  
The relevant Issuer will normally enter into hedging arrangements in respect of an issue of 
Reference Item Linked Securities. Such hedging transactions refer to the arrangements the 
relevant Issuer makes to ensure it will have available to it the relevant cash amounts to be 
paid or assets to be delivered under the Securities as these fall due.  This will normally 
involve the relevant Issuer investing directly or indirectly in the Reference Item(s).  An indirect 
investment might be made by an Affiliate or agent of the relevant Issuer or other third party 
making an investment in the Reference Item(s).  Alternatively an indirect investment might 
involve the relevant Issuer or an Affiliate, agent or other third party entering into a derivative 
contract referencing the Reference Item(s).  The relevant Issuer will select hedging 
arrangements which are efficient for it in the context of the tax, regulatory and business 
environment in which it operates. The relevant Issuer may also adjust hedging arrangements 
from time to time but it will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes or regulatory 
changes which affect its hedging arrangements. 
An adjustment event or disruption event in respect of the Reference Item(s) may materially 
affect the cost to the relevant Issuer of maintaining the Securities or its hedging arrangements 
in a way which has not been factored into the issue price of the Securities.  This may 
therefore require adjustments to the Securities in order to reflect such events or a termination 
of the Securities in these circumstances. Any adjustment made due to an adjustment event or 
disruption event, or any adjustment or termination of the Securities or replacement of a 
Reference Item following an adjustment event or disruption event may have an adverse effect 
on the Securities and Securityholders.  In particular, the value of the Securities may fall and 
amounts payable or assets deliverable under the Securities may be less and may be made at 
different times than anticipated.  This is part of the economic risk Securityholders bear when 
investing in the Securities and the basis on which the Securities are priced.

--- Page 76 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
76 
 
 
9.8 
An Issuer may engage in market-making, trading or hedging activities that could 
adversely affect the value of a Reference Item Linked Security and/or the return to 
investors 
In the ordinary course of its business, including without limitation in connection with its 
market-making activities, the relevant Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may effect transactions 
for its own account or for the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in the 
Reference Item(s) or related derivatives. In addition, in connection with the offering of the 
Reference Item Linked Securities, the relevant Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may enter into 
one or more hedging transactions with respect to the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives. 
In connection with such hedging or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or 
other trading activities by the relevant Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, the relevant Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates may enter into transactions in the Reference Item(s) or related 
derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Reference Item Linked 
Securities and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the holders of the 
relevant Reference Item Linked Securities. 
Upon the early termination or early redemption of Reference Item Linked Securities, the 
relevant Issuer may be required to unwind, terminate, liquidate, adjust, obtain, replace or re-
establish such hedging or market-making activities, resulting in a gain to, or losses and costs 
incurred by, the relevant Issuer and/or any of its affiliates. In this event and if so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, on such early termination or early redemption of the Reference 
Item Linked Securities, any amounts payable on such early termination or early redemption 
that would otherwise be received by the holders of the Reference Item Linked Securities will 
be increased to reflect any such gain or decreased to reflect any such loss or cost. Similarly, 
in the case of physical settlement of the Reference Item Linked Securities, where physical 
delivery of the relevant Asset Amount is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event and the relevant Issuer elects to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Reference Item 
Linked Securities by payment of a cash amount in lieu of physical settlement, if so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any such amount may be increased to reflect any such gain or 
decreased to reflect any such loss or cost. 
9.9 
Holders of Reference Item Linked Securities have no right to any of the relevant 
Issuer's hedging profits 
As described above, an Issuer may engage in activities to hedge its exposure under a 
Reference Item Linked Security. It may have profits or losses from these hedging activities. It 
is possible that it could achieve substantial profits from its hedging transactions while the 
value of the Reference Item Linked Security may decline. Holders of a Reference Item Linked 
Security will have no right to any such profit, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
9.10 
Information about Reference Item(s) may not be indicative of future performance 
If an Issuer issues a Reference Item Linked Security linked to one or more Reference Item(s), 
it may include details on the past and future performance and volatility of the relevant 
Reference Item(s) in the applicable Issue Terms. Any information about such Reference 
Item(s) that may be provided will be furnished as a matter of information only, and holders of 
the relevant Reference Item Linked Securities should not regard the information as indicative 
of the range of, or trends in, fluctuations in the relevant Reference Item that may occur in the 
future. There is a significant risk that the future performance of Reference Item Linked 
Securities will not correlate with past performance of the relevant Reference Item and as 
such, a holder of a Reference Item Linked Security cannot predict the future performance of a 
Reference Item or a Reference Item Linked Security based on its historical performance. 
9.11 
Risks relating to Market Disruption Event and Disrupted Day 
If an issue of Reference Item Linked Securities includes provisions dealing with the 
occurrence of a market disruption event, a failure of an exchange or related exchange to open 
on a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date or disruptions relating to securities trading and

--- Page 77 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
77 
 
 
clearing services (where applicable) and the Calculation Agent determines that a market 
disruption event or such failure or disruption has occurred or exists on a Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date, any consequential postponement of the Valuation Date or Averaging Date or 
any alternative provisions for valuation provided in any Reference Item Linked Security may 
have an adverse effect on the value of such Reference Item Linked Security and the holder of 
such Reference Item Linked Security may lose all or a proportion of the amount invested in 
such Reference Item Linked Security. 
9.12 
Force Majeure Events pose certain risks 
Force Majeure Events include, inter alia, events, including legal and regulatory changes or 
illiquidity in the relevant foreign exchange or currency market(s), which make it impracticable, 
illegal or impossible to convert, remit abroad or determine a rate in respect of the relevant 
local or specified currency relating to the Reference Item Linked Securities or for the relevant 
Issuer to perform or to hedge effectively its obligations under the Reference Item Linked 
Securities. 
If the relevant Issuer determines that a Force Majeure Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer 
may suspend and/or terminate or early redeem such Reference Item Linked Securities (in 
whole or in part) and upon such termination or redemption, if permitted by applicable law, pay 
the holder of each such Reference Item Linked Security (or part thereof) an amount 
determined by the relevant Issuer to be its fair market value (which may be zero) and which in 
certain circumstances may be made in the Local Currency notwithstanding such Force 
Majeure Event less the cost to the relevant Issuer of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements. It is possible that any suspension by the relevant Issuer could 
continue after the scheduled expiration or redemption date until the relevant Issuer exercises 
its right to terminate such Reference Item Linked Securities or until the date falling 10 days 
after such Force Majeure Event ceases to exist. The occurrence of a Force Majeure Event 
may therefore reduce amounts owed to holders and alter the timing at which such amounts 
are received.  
9.13 
Risks relating to Adjustment and Termination Provisions 
The conditions of the Reference Item Linked Securities may permit the adjustment of the 
terms of the Reference Item Linked Securities upon the occurrence of certain adjustment or 
disruption events (including without limitation any hedging disruption event). Any such 
adjustment may result in a change in a method of calculation of any amounts payable or 
deliverable and/or a change in or substitution of a Reference Item and/or a change in any of 
the other conditions of such Reference Item Linked Securities. In addition, the occurrence of 
any such events may permit the relevant Issuer to terminate or early redeem or delay the 
redemption of the Reference Item Linked Securities. If the relevant Issuer terminates or early 
redeems the Reference Item Linked Securities, then the relevant Issuer will (if so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) pay an amount equal to the fair market value of such Reference 
Item Linked Security less (in relation to certain events) the costs to the relevant Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates of unwinding any underlying or related hedging arrangements. Such 
adjustment or redemption or termination may have an adverse effect on the value of such 
Reference Item Linked Security and may result in an increased risk of the holders of such 
Reference Item Linked Securities losing all or part of their investment or a delay in the 
relevant holders receiving payment under the Reference Item Linked Securities. 
The occurrence of any Adjustment/Termination Event may have the result that the Issuer is 
either not able to continue to perform its obligations under the Securities or to maintain its 
hedging arrangements or will incur increased costs, taxes, or expenses in so doing, and such 
increased costs, taxes, or expenses have not been reflected in the pricing of the Securities.  
As a result the Issuer may be entitled to make adjustments to the Conditions or to substitute a 
Reference Item or to cancel and terminate the Securities following the occurrence of any such 
adjustment/termination. This is part of the economic risk Securityholders bear when investing 
in the Securities and the basis on which the Securities are priced.

--- Page 78 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
78 
 
 
9.14 
Emerging Markets risks 
Where the Reference Item Linked Securities relate to Reference Items which involve 
emerging market countries, investors should note that the risk of the occurrence and the 
severity of the consequences of the matters described herein may be greater than they would 
otherwise be in relation to more developed countries. 
9.15 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Issuers and/or any of their affiliates may have conflicts of interest with respect to some 
Reference Item Linked Securities. These entities may engage in trading, including trading for 
hedging purposes, for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their 
management, in Reference Item Linked Securities or a Reference Item or derivative 
instruments referencing or based on one or more Reference Items. These trading activities 
could adversely affect the value of Reference Item Linked Securities. The Issuers and/or any 
of their affiliates may also issue securities or derivative instruments that are linked to the 
same Reference Item as one or more Reference Item Linked Securities. By introducing 
competing products into the marketplace in this manner, such entity could adversely affect the 
value of a Reference Item Linked Security. 
To the extent that an Issuer and/or any of its affiliates calculates or compiles a particular index 
or serves as calculation agent with respect to a Reference Item Linked Security, it may have 
considerable discretion in performing the calculation or compilation, or, as the case may be, in 
respect of making determinations and judgements in relation to the relevant Reference Item 
Linked Securities. Exercising discretion in this manner could adversely affect the value of or 
the rate of return on the relevant Reference Item Linked Security and/or cause the relevant 
Reference Item Linked Securities to be redeemed or cancelled early by the Issuer at an 
amount that is likely to be less than a Securityholder's initial investment.  If the Reference 
Item Linked Securities are so redeemed or cancelled, no other amounts shall be payable in 
respect of the Reference Item Linked Securities on account of interest or otherwise. 
The relevant Issuer and any Manager may, at the date hereof or at any time hereafter, be in 
possession of information in relation to a Reference Item that is or may be material in the 
context of the Reference Item Linked Securities and may or may not be publicly available to 
holders of the relevant Reference Item Linked Securities. There is no obligation on the 
relevant Issuer or any Manager to disclose to such holders any such information. 
The relevant Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may have existing or future business 
relationships with any Reference Item or, if applicable, any of their subsidiaries or affiliates or 
any other person or entity having obligations relating to any Reference Item (including, but not 
limited to, dealing, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory and banking relationships), 
and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it deem(s) necessary or appropriate to 
protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a 
holder of Reference Item Linked Securities linked to such Reference Item(s) regardless of 
whether any such action might have an adverse effect (including, without limitation, any action 
which might constitute or give rise to any breach, event of default, credit event or termination 
event) on any Reference Item or any Reference Item Linked Security. 
9.16 
Liquidity Risks 
The Reference Item Linked Securities may not have an established trading market when 
issued. There can be no assurance of a secondary market for the Reference Item Linked 
Securities or the continued liquidity of such market if one develops. The secondary market for 
the Reference Item Linked Securities will be affected by a number of factors as described in 
the sub-category above entitled "The market price of Reference Item Linked Securities may 
be influenced by many unpredictable factors". 
In addition, certain Reference Item Linked Securities may be designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies and therefore may have a more limited secondary market and

--- Page 79 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
79 
 
 
experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Holders of such Reference 
Item Linked Securities may not be able to sell their Reference Item Linked Securities readily 
or at prices that will enable such holders to realise their anticipated yield. No investor should 
purchase Reference Item Linked Securities unless such investor understands and is able to 
bear the risk that certain Reference Item Linked Securities may not be readily saleable, that 
the value of Reference Item Linked Securities will fluctuate over time and that such 
fluctuations may be significant. 
9.17 
Risks relating to determinations  
The terms of the Reference Item Linked Securities confer on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
and certain other persons some discretion in making determinations and calculations in 
relation to, inter alia, Reference Asset(s) and the occurrence of various events. The exercise 
of any such discretion may adversely affect the value of the Securities or the occurrence of an 
early repayment or cancellation. 
9.18 
Non-publicly available information may not be disclosed to investors 
The relevant Issuer or any of its respective affiliates may have acquired, or during the term of 
the Securities may acquire, non-public information with respect to any Reference Item(s) or 
related obligor(s) that they may not disclose. None of the relevant Issuer or any of its 
respective affiliates is under any obligation (i) to review on the Securityholder's behalf, the 
business, financial conditions, nature, prospects, creditworthiness, status or affairs of any 
Reference Item(s) or related obligor(s) or conduct any investigation or due diligence into any 
Reference Item(s) or related obligor(s) or (ii) other than as may be required by applicable 
rules and regulations relating to the Securities, to make available (a) any information relating 
to the Securities or (b) any non-public information they may possess in respect of the 
Reference Item(s) or related obligor(s). 
9.19 
Leverage 
The Securities may be subject to leverage, in which case, the effective exposure to any 
Reference Item(s) or related obligor(s) may be substantially increased. Leverage will expose 
Securityholders to increased and potentially significant losses where the value of the relevant 
Reference Items(s) decrease or move against a Securityholder's position.  
9.20 
Country Risk 
By seeking exposure to the Reference Item(s) and/or related obligor(s) through an investment 
in the Securities, an investor may also be exposed to the market risks of the country or 
countries to which the Reference Item(s) and/or related obligor(s) is linked. Such investments 
may be sensitive to any significant (i) changes in market conditions, political, social or 
economic policy, or (ii) changes in laws and regulations, in such a country or countries. 
Country's or countries' government's future control of currency conversion, free transfer of 
monies and securities, and movements in exchange rates may adversely affect the 
performance of, and returns under, the Securities. 
9.21 
Risks relating to EMAP Securities 
Terms used in this category are as defined in the Equity and Market Access Product Terms. 
EMAP Securities may be linked to a volatile index, which could adversely affect a holder's 
investment 
Certain indices are highly volatile, which means that their value may change significantly, up 
or down, over a short period of time. The expected amount payable on settlement or on 
redemption, the amount of any interim amount or interest payable on an interim or interest 
payment date and the cash value or physical settlement value of a physically settled EMAP 
Security based on a volatile index may vary substantially from time to time. Because the

--- Page 80 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
80 
 
 
amount payable on an EMAP Security is generally calculated based on the value of the 
relevant index on a specified date or over a limited period of time, volatility in the index 
increases the risk that the return on the EMAP Securities may be adversely affected by a 
fluctuation in the level of the relevant index. 
The volatility of an index may be affected by political or economic events, including 
governmental actions, or by the activities of participants in the relevant markets. Any of these 
could adversely affect the value of an EMAP Security. 
An index to which an EMAP Security is linked could be changed or become unavailable 
Certain indices reference several different securities. The compiler or sponsor of such an 
index typically reserves the right to alter the composition of the index and the manner in which 
the value of the index is calculated. Such an alteration may result in a decrease in the value 
of or return on an EMAP Security which is linked to such index. 
An index may become unavailable due to such factors as war, natural disasters, cessation of 
publication of the index, or suspension of or disruption in trading in the security or securities 
comprising or underlying such index. If an index becomes unavailable, the determination of 
the amount payable on an EMAP Security may be delayed or an alternative method may be 
used to determine the value of the unavailable index or another index may be substituted for 
the relevant index. Alternative methods of valuation are generally intended to produce a value 
similar to the value resulting from reference to the relevant index. However, it is unlikely that 
such alternative methods of valuation will produce values identical to those which would be 
produced were the relevant index to be used. An alternative method of valuation or a 
substitution may result in a decrease in the value of or return on an EMAP Security. 
Certain EMAP Securities are linked to indices that are not commonly utilised or have been 
recently developed. The lack of historic index levels may make it difficult to anticipate the 
volatility or other risks to which such an EMAP Security is subject. In addition, there may be 
less trading in such indices or instruments underlying such indices, which could increase the 
volatility of such indices and decrease the value of or return on EMAP Securities relating to 
them. 
Factors affecting the performance of indices may adversely affect the value of the EMAP 
Securities 
Indices are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of shares or other assets, and as such, the 
performance of an index is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the shares 
or other components that comprise such index, which may adversely affect the value of the 
relevant EMAP Securities and which may include interest and price levels on the capital 
markets, currency developments, the volatility (frequency and magnitude of changes of price) 
and liquidity of such components, political factors and (in the case of shares) company-
specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder 
structure and distribution policy. 
Exposure to the risk that returns on the EMAP Securities linked to indices do not reflect direct 
investment in underlying shares or other assets comprising the relevant index 
The return payable on EMAP Securities that reference indices may not reflect the return a 
Securityholder would realise if he or she actually owned the relevant assets comprising the 
components of the index. For example, if the components of the indices are shares, 
Securityholders will not receive any dividends paid on those shares and will not participate in 
the return on those dividends unless the relevant index takes such dividends into account for 
purposes of calculating the relevant level. Similarly, Securityholders will not have any voting 
rights in the underlying shares or any other assets which may comprise the components of 
the relevant index. Accordingly, an investor in EMAP Securities that reference indices as 
reference assets may receive a lower payment upon redemption or settlement of such EMAP

--- Page 81 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
81 
 
 
Securities than such an investor would have received if he or she had invested in the 
components of the index directly. 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an index could adversely affect the market 
value of the EMAP Securities 
The sponsor of any index may add, delete or substitute the components of such index or 
make other methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. 
The changing of components of any index may affect the level of such index as a newly 
added component may perform significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, 
which in turn may affect the payments made by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders. 
The sponsor of any such index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of such index. The sponsor of an index will have no involvement in the offer 
and sale of the EMAP Securities and will have no obligation to any Securityholder. The 
sponsor of an index may take any actions in respect of such index without regard to the 
interests of the Securityholders, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market 
value of the EMAP Securities. 
Factors affecting the performance of Equity Securities/ETF Securities/Depositary Receipt 
Securities/Fund Interests/Relevant Accounts may adversely affect the value of EMAP 
Securities 
The performance of Underlying Assets or Fund Interests is dependent upon macroeconomic 
factors, such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, 
political factors, company-specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk 
situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy, relevant account-specific factors such 
as the economic performance and concentration of the constituents of the account and fund-
specific factors such as the performance of the relevant fund service providers and in 
particular the relevant fund adviser.  Changes in any such factors may adversely affect the 
performance of any relevant Underlying Asset or Fund Interest, and therefore, the value of the 
relevant EMAP Securities. 
Risks relating to Securities linked to Fund Interests 
Holders of Securities linked to Fund Interests are exposed to the effects of a diverse range of 
risks relating to Funds, including the following: 
 
Investment strategies and techniques: a Fund may either invest directly in certain 
assets or may reference the assets' performance using a multitude of hedging 
strategies and/or mathematical modelling techniques.  These strategies and 
techniques can change over time. They may also be speculative in nature, prove 
ineffective, or entail a substantial risk of loss.  It may be difficult to obtain valuations of 
products to which such strategies and/or techniques are applied.  Furthermore, the 
loss in value regarding such products may be greater than with other investments.  
Alternative investment vehicles are often unregulated, offer only limited information 
about their activities, may charge high costs, commissions and fees (including fees 
charged on the basis of unrealised profits), have no minimum credit standards, 
pursue short-selling strategies, use external resources to a large degree, and offer 
securities relating to accounts not managed separately. 
 
Concentration of assets: the relevant Fund may concentrate its assets on certain 
countries, industries or investment classes.  In this case it can be subject to greater 
fluctuations in value than if it diversified the risks among lines of business, regions 
and countries.  The value of investments in certain countries, industries and 
investment classes may be very volatile within brief periods of time. 
 
Currency and market risks: the relevant Fund may be subject to substantial currency 
risks. Even a Fund's hedging transactions may not exclude such risks.  Funds that 
invest in lightly regulated, narrow and exotic markets face certain risks.  For example,

--- Page 82 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
82 
 
 
some markets can face government actions resulting in the full or partial loss of the 
invested asset or attachment of the asset invested there. These markets might also 
be regulated less reliably than others. Funds might be subject to no supervision or 
may invest in vehicles that are themselves unsupervised. Conversely, the introduction 
of supervision over previously unregulated funds can result in substantial 
disadvantages for them. 
 
Business risks: a large number of subscription or repurchase orders with the Fund by 
investors can lead to either an accelerated sale or temporary dilution of assets and 
higher fees for the remaining investors or "gating" where such orders are only 
satisfied in part, with others being delayed. The price or value of unit(s) or fund 
share(s) may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and in 
particular the investment adviser. 
Any one or a combination of the above may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity 
of the affected Securities, in which case holders may be unable to sell such Securities or may 
receive a price which is substantially lower than the value of their original investment. 
Funds regularly charge fees (such as management fees) that may lower the redemption 
proceeds used to determine the redemption, settlement, cancellation and/or interim amounts 
under Securities linked to Fund Interests.  In addition, other fees and expenses can be 
incurred that are charged by third persons employed by the fund manager to provide services 
connected to the Fund (such as custodian bank fees, fees for investment advice and 
auditing). Furthermore, the fund manager, asset manager or investment consultant may 
charge a performance-related fee. There may also be fees incurred at the level of the assets 
held by a Fund that lower the value of these assets, and thereby also indirectly lower the net 
asset value of the Fund itself.  Such fees occur especially if the Fund for its part invests in 
other funds (a fund of funds) or other investment vehicles or instruments entailing fees. These 
fees may lower the net asset value of the fund, and thereby also indirectly lower the 
redemption or settlement amounts under the Securities. 
Certain conflicts of interest may occur in connection with a Fund's business activities.  Such 
conflicts may result in a Fund performing poorly or below expectations, which may in turn 
have an adverse effect on the value of the relevant Securities.  With a trustee, manager or 
consultant of the Fund, potential conflicts of interest may arise due to fee refunds or other 
benefits. In addition, advisers of the Fund and their employees may perform management, 
trading or consulting services for other accounts. Where investments are lucrative, one of 
these people might be tempted to initially favour the portfolios yielding the highest fees. 
Similarly, fund advisors and their employees or senior officials may provide management, 
trading or consulting services for their own accounts and those of other customers and make 
recommendations or adopt positions differing from those issued for or maintained by the Fund 
or competing with those of the Fund. People entrusted with managing the Fund assets might 
receive performance fees but not participate in possible losses. This can create an incentive 
to execute riskier transactions. Furthermore, persons connected with an administrator, 
manager, trustee or other persons involved in the fund's management might enter into their 
own transactions with the Fund.  
No claim against Asset Issuer or recourse to the Underlying Asset or Fund Interest, but risks 
of the Underlying Asset or Fund Interest are passed on to Securityholders 
EMAP Securities do not represent a claim against or an investment in any Underlying Assets 
or Fund Interest and Securityholders will not have any right of recourse under the EMAP 
Securities to any such Underlying Asset or Fund Interest or the related Asset Issuer or Fund. 
The EMAP Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any Asset 
Issuer or Fund and such companies or funds have no obligation to take into account the 
consequences of their actions for any Securityholders. Accordingly, an Asset Issuer or Fund 
may take any actions in respect of such Underlying Asset or Fund Interest without regard to 
the interests of the purchasers of the EMAP Securities, and any of these actions could 
adversely affect the market value of the EMAP Securities.

--- Page 83 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
83 
 
 
At the same time, certain EMAP Securities are structured in such a way that the economic 
risks and rewards of the Underlying Assets or Fund Interests are passed on to 
Securityholders.  In particular, the amount and timing of payments on the Securities may be 
reduced or postponed if a hypothetical investor would not receive the full amount of the 
payment by the scheduled payment date. Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of Potential Adjustment Events, De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalisation, Insolvency, Additional Disruption Events, ETF Fund Termination Events and 
Index Adjustment Events may have an adverse effect on the value of the EMAP Securities. 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event, De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalisation, Insolvency, Additional Disruption Event, ETF Fund Termination Event or 
Index Adjustment Event has occurred in relation to an Underlying Asset, an Asset Issuer or 
an Index, the Calculation Agent has the discretion to make certain determinations to account 
for such event including, without limitation, to (i) make adjustments to calculation of the 
relevant Underlying Asset price or amount payable under the EMAP Securities and/or (ii) (in 
the case of a De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Additional 
Disruption Event, ETF Fund Termination Event and/or Index Adjustment Event) cause early 
redemption or cancellation of the EMAP Securities, any of which determinations may have an 
adverse effect on the value of the EMAP Securities and/or result in a Securityholder receiving 
less than their initial investment (and potentially nothing) at a time other than when payment 
or delivery in respect of the EMAP Securities was otherwise due. 
Potential Adjustment Events include (a) a sub-division, consolidation or re-classification of 
relevant Underlying Assets (unless resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or 
dividend of any such Underlying Assets to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or 
similar issue, (b) a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Underlying 
Assets, (c) an extraordinary dividend in respect of the relevant Underlying Assets, (d) a call by 
an Asset Issuer of relevant Underlying Assets that are not fully paid, (e) a repurchase by an 
Asset Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Underlying Assets, (f) in respect of an Asset 
Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Asset 
Issuer, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides, upon the occurrence of certain events, for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of 
such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights, and (g) any other 
event having, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a diluting, concentrative or other 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Underlying Assets. 
Additional Disruption Events include if specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms (a) 
a change in applicable law on or after the Issue Date that (i) makes it illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any Underlying Assets or related hedging transaction or (ii) results in a materially 
increased cost in performing obligations under the EMAP Securities or any underlying or 
related hedging transaction, (b) an insolvency filing in relation to an Asset Issuer, (c) the 
failure of a party to any underlying or related hedging transaction to deliver, when due, the 
relevant Underlying Asset under that transaction, (d) a hedging disruption, (e) a loss by a 
Hedging Party of the ability to borrow (or maintain the borrowing of) Underlying Assets with 
respect to a hedging transaction or the increased cost of such borrowing, or (f) the cost of 
hedging becomes materially increased. 
ETF Fund Termination Events include if specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the ETF Securities are reclassified or the index which the relevant ETF Securities track is 
changed or the relevant fund is acquired by or aggregated with another fund having a 
different mandate, risk-profile or benchmark, the ETF Securities being redenominated in a 
different currency, a material change in the mandate, risk-profile or fund documents or 
financial reports or a material change in the rules and regulations governing the investments 
of the fund, there is any proposal to wind-up the fund or any substantive litigation in respect of 
the fund, there is any breach of violation of any strategy or investment guideline set out in the 
fund documents or financial reports that is reasonably likely to effect the value of the ETF 
Securities or the rights of holders thereof or there is any cancellation to suspension of the

--- Page 84 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
84 
 
 
registration or approval of the fund, any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory 
treatment of the fund that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the 
ETF Securities or on the holders thereof or any fund administrator becomes subject to any 
investigation, proceeding or litigation. 
Index Adjustment Events include the announcement or making of an material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating an Index or other material modification of an Index, a 
permanent cancellation of an Index and no successor existing or a failure by the sponsor of 
the Index to calculate and announcement an Index. 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of Fund Events may have an 
adverse effect on the value of the EMAP Securities 
Upon determining that a Fund Event has occurred in relation to a Fund or a Fund Interest, the 
Issuer has the discretion (a) to require the Calculation Agent to make certain determinations 
and/or adjustments to account for such event including, without limitation, (i) to delay any 
determination until the relevant event no longer exists and/or (ii) to use an estimated or 
modified value of the relevant Fund Interest and/or (iii) to make adjustments to the conditions 
of the relevant EMAP Securities (which may include delaying any relevant payments) and/or 
(iv) in the case of a Fund Potential Adjustment Event, to replace all or part of the affected 
Fund Interests by such other assets received following such Fund Potential Adjustment Event 
and/or (v) if "Fund Replacement following Fund Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, to replace the affected Fund Interest with a similar fund interest 
and/or (vi) to determine that the value for the relevant Fund Interest shall be the removal 
value for such Fund Interest which will be fixed on the relevant removal date and will accrue 
compounded interest from such date or (b)(i) to redeem or cancel all the EMAP Securities by 
paying an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as representing their fair market value 
less any costs, taxes and expenses incurred or (ii) to redeem or cancel such portion of all the 
EMAP Securities which corresponds to the Fund Interests affected by the Fund Event by 
paying their pro rata share of the available cash proceeds which the Calculation Agent 
determines could be realised by a hypothetical investor following such determination and in 
accordance with the timing of the proceeds payable to such hypothetical investor less any 
costs, taxes and expenses incurred or (c) to postpone any relevant payment date until the 
earlier of such time (if any) as the Calculation Agent determines the redemption proceeds in 
respect of all affected Fund Interests would be received in full by a hypothetical investor or the 
last day of the delay period. Any of such elections may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the EMAP Securities. 
Fund Events include (in each case, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) (i) a 
change in applicable law, (ii) a hedging disruption, (iii) an increased cost of hedging, (iv) a 
fund composition event, (iv) a failure by a Fund on any day to pay the full amount of any fund 
redemption proceeds, (v) a disruption to the scheduled fund publication date, (vi) a 
nationalisation, (vii) a Fund insolvency, (viii) a net asset value trigger event, (ix) the removal of 
a key adviser, (x) a modification of the Fund, (xi) the imposition of any fees or charges in 
relation to redemptions, subscriptions or transfers of Fund Interests, (xii) a breach of any 
strategy of the Fund or change in the nature of the Fund, (xiii) the cancellation of any 
registration or approval of the Fund, any change in the tax or accounting treatment of the 
Fund or any Fund Adviser, the instigation of any litigation or proceedings in relation to the 
Fund or any Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser, the Fund or any Fund Adviser or Fund 
Administrator does not take any relevant action or fulfil any relevant requirement to enter into 
or perform any obligation or exercise any rights or any activities of the Fund, any Fund 
Adviser or Fund Administrator become unlawful or illegal as a result of compliance with any 
applicable law, (xiv) the imposition or change of any tax after the Trade Date, (xv) the failure 
by the Fund to deliver any relevant information or the determination by the Calculation Agent 
that any information (including any net asset value) delivered or published by the Fund is 
unreliable or inaccurate, (xvi) any information provided by the Fund, the Fund Adviser or other 
service provider is misleading or inaccurate or any information published by the Fund would 
be likely to cause a hypothetical investor to refrain from investing or to realise any investment 
in the Fund, (xvii) material limitations or restrictions are imposed on dealings in Fund Interests 
or there is a material reduction in the assets under management, (xviii) Fund Interests are

--- Page 85 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
85 
 
 
redeemed otherwise than in cash or in a different currency to that originally anticipated, (xix) 
one or more Fund Service Providers cease to provide relevant services and are not replaced, 
(xx) any event occurs which compromises the independence of a Fund Service Provider, (xxi) 
the Fund or any Fund Adviser or Fund Administrator or other relevant party has terminated an 
existing agreement with the Fund, (xxii) the association or continued association by the 
relevant Issuer with the Fund or any Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser in any capacity, 
including, without limitation, though Securities linked to the relevant Fund, would be 
detrimental to the reputation of the relevant Issuer or (xxiii) limits imposed on holdings in the 
relevant Fund Interests under applicable laws are or are likely to be reached. 
Risks relating to EMAP Securities in relation to which Physical Delivery is specified as 
applicable 
Risks relating to Settlement Disruption Events 
In the case of physical delivery in respect of Equity Linked Securities or Market Access 
Product Securities, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the settlement or 
redemption date, settlement will be postponed until the next date on which no Settlement 
Disruption Event occurs and a Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment as a result 
of such delay. The relevant Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price in lieu of delivering the Asset Amount. Such a determination 
may have an adverse effect on the value of the relevant Equity Linked Securities or Market 
Access Product Securities. 
In addition if "Failure to Deliver" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, and a 
party to any underlying or related hedging transaction fails to deliver the relevant Underlying 
Asset under that transaction when due as a result of illiquidity in the market for such 
Underlying Asset, then the terms of the Securities may be adjusted to account for such 
Failure to Deliver or the relevant Issuer may redeem or cancel the Equity Linked Securities or 
Market Access Product Securities at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
representing their fair market value on such day as the Calculation Agent shall select in its 
discretion instead of delivering the Asset Amount.  Any such adjustment or redemption or 
cancellation may have an adverse effect on the value of such Equity Linked Security or 
Market Access Product Security and may result in an increased risk of the Securityholders 
losing all of part of their investment or a delay in the Securityholders receiving payment under 
the Equity Linked Securities or Market Access Product Securities. 
Delivery Expenses/Exercise Expenses may reduce the overall return on Securities 
All Delivery Expenses arising from the delivery of any Asset Amount in respect of any Equity 
Linked Securities or Market Access Product Securities shall be for the account of the relevant 
Securityholder and no delivery of any Asset Amount shall be made until all Delivery Expenses 
have been paid to the satisfaction of the relevant Issuer. Such expenses may therefore 
reduce the overall return on the relevant Securities. 
Risks relating to Relevant Asset Substitution 
Where Relevant Asset Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, then the Issuer acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner may 
at any time substitute the assets comprising the Relevant Assets with such other assets as 
selected by it in accordance with the Relevant Asset Substitution Criteria specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. Such new assets shall be deemed to be the Relevant Assets 
in place of the assets that were the Relevant Assets prior to such substitution. The Issuer may 
make any such substitution on more than one occasion and in respect of all or part of the 
assets from time to time comprising the Relevant Assets.  
Investors should note that the Issuer is not obliged to monitor the satisfaction by any Relevant 
Assets of the Relevant Asset Substitution Criteria at any time other than the time at which it 
makes a substitution.

--- Page 86 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
86 
 
 
The Relevant Asset Substitution Criteria will be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
but, unless such criteria identify specific replacement assets, the Issuer will have discretion 
surrounding what assets from time to time comprise the Relevant Assets and therefore may 
be delivered to Securityholders.  
Unless expressly provided in the Relevant Asset Substitution Criteria, neither the Issuer nor 
its Affiliates shall at any time be bound or concerned to make any investigation into the 
creditworthiness of any obligor in respect of any Relevant Assets, the validity of any such 
obligor's obligations under or in respect of the Relevant Assets, any terms of the Relevant 
Assets or expected returns or liquidity of the Relevant Assets. Securityholders should 
therefore have regard to the Relevant Asset Substitution Criteria and be satisfied that they 
can take delivery of, and would be satisfied to receive as the Asset Amount due on physical 
delivery, any assets that would from time to time satisfy the criteria.  
Upon settlement of the Asset Amount to Securityholders, the Relevant Assets comprising 
such Asset Amount may not provide Securityholders with a return greater than that which 
may have been achieved from the originally designated Relevant Assets and such return may 
be considerably less or zero. 
Risks relating to EMAP Securities in relation to which Variation of Settlement is specified as 
applicable 
Where Variation of Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the Securities and, in lieu of (i) paying the 
Securityholders the Final Redemption Amount or the Settlement Amount (as applicable), to 
deliver or procure delivery of the Asset Amount; or (ii) delivering or procuring delivery of the 
relevant Asset Amount, to pay an amount determined to be equal to the Final Redemption 
Amount or the Settlement Amount (as applicable) on the Maturity Date to the relevant 
Securityholders. 
In such circumstances, where Physical Delivery then applies, a Securityholder will not receive 
a cash redemption amount on the Maturity Date as the Securities will be physically settled by 
delivery of the Relevant Assets comprising the Asset Amount and such assets received by a 
Securityholder may be worth considerably less than such Securityholder's initial investment in 
the Securities and it may not be possible to realise cash value from such assets in a timely 
manner or at all. Securityholders should also consider the risks set out herein relating to 
physical delivery. 
In such circumstances, where Cash Settlement then applies, a Securityholder will not receive 
any Relevant Assets as the Securities will only be cash settled and the Final Redemption 
Amount or the Settlement Amount (as applicable) received by a Securityholder may be 
significantly less than such Securityholder's initial investment in the Securities.  Furthermore, 
a Securityholder would not benefit from any increase in the price of the Relevant Assets that 
would have otherwise been deliverable if the Securities had been settled by physical delivery. 
Securityholders should also consider the risks set out herein relating to cash settlement. 
Prospective investors who consider purchasing any Securities should reach an investment 
decision only after carefully considering the suitability of such Securities in light of their 
particular circumstances. 
Risks relating to SCEEN Securities 
SCEEN Notes, SCEEN Certificates, Reverse SCEEN Notes And Reverse SCEEN 
Certificates ("SCEEN Securities") are investments that give the relevant Securityholder the 
right to redeem the Securities for a cash equivalent of a specified number of a specified 
Underlying Asset per Security at any time prior to maturity by giving prior notice to the 
relevant Issuer.  At maturity, the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount of the 
Security (if held to maturity) will be equal to 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount of such 
Security and will be cash settled. If the Securities are redeemed at the option of a 
Securityholder prior to maturity, the Optional Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount of 
a Note or the Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount of a Certificate will be linked

--- Page 87 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
87 
 
 
to the closing price of the Underlying Assets on the specified valuation date and the effect of 
any foreign exchange provisions.  In such circumstances, a Securityholder may not recover 
its initial investment in the Securities. 
An investor in SCEEN Securities will benefit from an increase in the price of the Underlying 
Asset whereas in the case of Reverse SCEEN Security, Securityholders will benefit from a 
decline in the value of the Underlying Asset, depending on the conversion value. 
EMAP Securities may be linked to a dynamic basket of Underlying Assets the components of 
which will affect the return on the Securities 
EMAP Securities may be linked to a static or dynamic basket of Underlying Assets. Where the 
basket is a dynamic basket, the constituents of the basket and/or their weighting in it may 
change during the term of the Securities following the relevant rules-based parameters as set 
out in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
As set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement, either the Issuer (or its Affiliates) or the 
Securityholders, or an entity acting on their behalf or instruction, may implement the strategy 
and make elections from time to time.  
Where the Issuer (or its Affiliates) or an entity acting on their behalf or instruction manages 
the basket of Underlying Assets, Securityholders should be aware that the basket from time to 
time may contain, and they should be willing to accept the Securities being linked to, any 
Underlying Assets that could from time to time be eligible for inclusion in the basket as 
specified in, or determined in accordance with the criteria for selection described in, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. Recompositions of the Underlying Assets may not be made in 
the manner or at the time most advantageous to Securityholders.    
Where the Securityholder(s) or an entity acting on its behalf or instruction manages the 
basket of Underlying Assets, an individual Securityholder should be aware that its ability to 
determine the basket constituents from time to time may be subject to various limitations and 
affected by factors such as: (i) the day or dates when elections to rebalance or vary 
constituents may be made; (ii) the assets eligible for inclusion in the basket from time to time; 
(iii) the right of the Issuer to 'veto' or refuse a request; (iv) concentration limits; and (v) the 
requirement for a request to be made by Securityholders in respect of the entire Series of 
Securities only. Accordingly, a Securityholder should be aware that their ability to control the 
basket constituents may be materially restricted from time to time.     
Investors should read and ensure that they understand the rules relating to the basket and the 
terms of the Securities to ascertain how the basket constituents may from time to time vary 
and other provisions relating to the basket which may affect the return on their Securities 
(such as to whether any dividends or distributions on the Underlying Assets will be 
disregarded, leverage factors apply or fees are deducted from the basket level). In all cases, 
investors should ensure that the rules and strategy of the basket meet their investment 
objectives. 
Any of the above factors may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
EMAP Securities linked to Relevant Account(s) have certain particular risks 
EMAP Securities may be linked to Relevant Account(s). Any such accounts may be held with 
Standard Chartered Bank (or its Affiliates) or a third party entity as custodian. The level or 
value of the account(s) from time to time, and therefore the return on the Securities, will 
depend on the constituent assets of the relevant account(s). The constituent assets may 
include assets such as transferable securities and derivatives and the exact composition of 
them may vary during the term of the Securities at the direction of a manager or account 
holder.

--- Page 88 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
88 
 
 
Limited information is likely to be available to potential investors in respect of the performance 
of any manager(s) of the accounts, the accounts themselves including rules and strategies 
relating to them and the constituent assets from time to time included in such accounts. 
Furthermore, such accounts are not expected to have publicly available published levels or 
other historic or current performance information (including in relation to the track record of 
the manager of them). Constituent assets of the accounts may also be illiquid and difficult to 
value. Accordingly, Securities linked to Relevant Account(s) may be difficult to value and the 
merits of an investment in them may therefore also be difficult to assess. The Issuer and its 
Affiliates do not endorse or recommend the relevant manager(s) or the strategies of any 
account and investors should make their own decisions as to the merits of an investment 
linked to the Relevant Account(s).  
Management of the accounts and their constituents may permit considerable discretions of 
the account manager or account holder and such persons may also change during the term of 
the Securities. The determinations and elections they from time to time make in respect of the 
accounts may, whilst satisfying the account rules and requirements, not generate the highest 
possible return on the account and consequently the Securities. Further conflicts of interest 
may arise where the relevant Issuer and its Affiliates also perform an account management, 
custodian or other role in respect of a Relevant Account. The account manager or account 
holder will take actions without regard to the interests or investment of Securityholders and 
Securityholders will not be able to direct or influence those actions or the exercise of such 
discretions. Any such actions or exercise of discretions may adversely affect the value of the 
Securities.  
The constituent assets of an account may be concentrated, or consist only of, a particular 
type of asset, sector, geographic region or country, currency, counterparty or obligor, or 
otherwise. In such circumstances, exposure to the risks relating to the relevant assets is 
increased and the performance of the Relevant Account and the Securities may be more 
volatile than if the assets were more diversified.  
Depending on the terms of the account and the Securities, Securityholders may be subject 
also to the credit risk of the custodian and entity with which the account is held (which may be 
the Issuer and, if so and in certain insolvency or similar circumstances, valuation of the 
account and realisation of any value on the Securities may be delayed and the return on the 
Securities may be zero). Investors will not, however, have any claim against or investment in 
the account itself or the constituents thereof.  
The provisions in relation to how a Relevant Account is valued for the purpose of the 
Securities, and any applicable provisions to address disruptions to valuations, adjustment or 
other extraordinary events will be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Such 
provisions may result in amendments being made to the terms and conditions of the 
Securities and could have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and/or result in 
payments being made in respect of them at a different time to that which was originally 
scheduled. Accordingly, potential investors should ensure that they read and understand 
those provisions prior to investing in the Securities.  
Additional risk factors in respect of such Securities may be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
9.22 
Risks relating to Market Access Product Securities 
Risks associated with Underlying Assets are passed on to Securityholders 
The attention of prospective purchasers of Market Access Product Securities is drawn to the 
fact that Market Access Product Securities are structured in such a way that the economic 
risks and rewards of the Underlying Assets are passed on to Securityholders. The relevant 
Issuer's obligations in respect of such Market Access Product Securities may be hedged by 
means of the Underlying Assets and/or any instrument used for the purposes of hedging 
obligations under the Market Access Product Securities being held by a qualified investor 
which is an affiliate of the relevant Issuer. Whilst the Securityholder will have no proprietary

--- Page 89 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
89 
 
 
interest in such Underlying Assets and/or any instrument used for the purposes of hedging 
obligations under the Market Access Product Securities, the risks associated with such 
Underlying Assets and/or instrument may be passed on to the Securityholders including, 
without limitation, the following: 
(i) 
the risks in converting the currency in which the Underlying Assets and/or any 
instrument used for the purposes of hedging obligations under the Market Access 
Product Securities are denominated into the Specified Currency (including difficulties 
in determining the appropriate exchange rate). Such conversion may not be possible, 
legal or practical at the relevant time or it may only be possible for conversion to take 
place at a rate that is unfavourable to Securityholders; 
(ii) 
the risks in transferring the currency in which the Underlying Assets and/or any 
instrument used for the purposes of hedging obligations under the Market Access 
Product Securities are denominated or the Specified Currency out of the jurisdiction 
in which such Underlying Assets and/or instruments are traded. Such transfer may 
not be possible, legal or practical at the relevant time or it may only be possible to 
transfer at a rate which is unfavourable to Securityholders; 
(iii) 
the risks of legal or regulatory factors resulting in it becoming impracticable, illegal or 
impossible for the relevant Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or any qualified investor 
to deal in any relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the Market Access 
Product Securities or materially increasing the costs of hedging; and 
(iv) 
the risk of any other event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer resulting in it 
being impracticable, illegal or impossible for the relevant Issuer to perform its 
obligations under the Market Access Product Securities or to hedge effectively its 
obligations under the Market Access Product Securities or materially increasing the 
cost of so doing. 
As a result, amongst other things, the laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdiction(s) that 
govern the Underlying Assets, the holder of the Underlying Assets and/or any hedging 
instruments and the foreign exchange situation relating to such jurisdiction(s) and that of the 
Specified Currency may affect the value of and may result in the termination of such Market 
Access Product Securities or a suspension of the relevant Issuer's obligations under the 
Market Access Product Securities and could result in Securityholders losing their entire 
investment. 
Investors are exposed to risks arising out of payments elected by the Issuer to be made in the 
Local Currency in the Relevant Jurisdiction 
In certain circumstances following a Force Majeure Event the relevant Issuer may elect in its 
discretion to pay the applicable amount(s) to the Securityholders in the Local Currency in the 
Relevant Jurisdiction. The payment to the Securityholders in the Relevant Jurisdiction may 
require them to establish, at their own expense, an account at a bank in the Relevant 
Jurisdiction to receive that payment. If a Force Majeure Event results in the Securityholder's 
acceptance of a payment in Local Currency, the Securityholder may be unable to convert that 
payment into the Specified Currency and/or to remit such Specified Currency abroad. In 
addition, the Securityholder may be subject to other fees, expenses or taxes in connection 
with the receipt of funds within the Relevant Jurisdiction or the repatriation of funds from the 
Relevant Jurisdiction. If it is impracticable, illegal or impossible for the relevant Issuer to pay 
the Securityholder in the Relevant Jurisdiction or the Securityholder does not establish an 
account in a bank in the Relevant Jurisdiction to receive payment in the Relevant Jurisdiction 
in the currency the relevant Issuer elects, the relevant Issuer shall not be obliged to make 
payment to the Securityholder of any such amounts. Depending upon the Underlying Assets 
in respect of the relevant Market Access Product Securities, it is possible that the 
jurisdiction(s) involved will mean that such risks may be exceedingly high at the relevant 
times. Such jurisdictions may include the Republic of Korea, the Republic of China (i.e. 
Taiwan), Republic of India, Malaysia, Kingdom of Thailand and the People's Republic of 
China.

--- Page 90 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
90 
 
 
Risks relating to Dividends paid prior to Dividend Start Date 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Interim Amounts are applicable, then where 
a cash dividend is paid in respect of an Underlying Asset, the ex-dividend date in respect of 
which falls from and including the Dividend Start Date to and including the earlier of (i) the 
Valuation Date or Actual Exercise Date (as applicable) and (ii) the Early Redemption Date or 
Expiration Date (as applicable), holders are entitled to receive an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to such cash dividend, less certain costs, commissions and fees and net of 
any withholding taxes on the relevant Interim Payment Date. Investors should note that where 
the Dividend Start Date is a date falling after the Issue Date, they will not be entitled to 
receive any cash dividends paid in respect of an ex-dividend date falling prior to the Dividend 
Start Date but after the Issue Date and, accordingly, potential investors should note that not 
all potential economic rewards of directly holding the Underlying Asset will be passed on to 
Securityholders in such circumstances. 
Exchange Rate 
If the applicable Issue Terms indicate, the relevant Issuer may apply the exchange rate 
actually obtained by it or its affiliates to convert the Local Currency into the Specified 
Currency instead of using the market exchange rate published on a relevant screen page at 
the relevant time on the relevant date to determine amounts payable in respect of the Market 
Access Product Securities. The use of the actual exchange rate obtained by the relevant 
Issuer or its affiliate may have an adverse impact on the value of any such amounts. 
Reference Price 
If the applicable Issue Terms indicate, the relevant Issuer may apply the execution price 
actually obtained by it or its affiliates on selling the Underlying Assets at the relevant time on 
the relevant date instead of using the market volume weighted average price of the 
Underlying Assets at the relevant time on the relevant date to determine the Reference Price 
in respect of Market Access Product Securities. The use of the actual execution price 
obtained by the relevant Issuer or its affiliate may have an adverse impact on the value of any 
amounts received by the Securityholders. 
Illiquidity of the Market Access Product Securities 
No assurance is given as to the availability of a secondary market in the Market Access 
Product Securities or the Underlying Assets. The relevant Issuer may purchase the Market 
Access Product Securities in the secondary trading market but is under no obligation to do so 
and the price at which it may do so will depend upon, among other things, the liquidity and 
prevailing market price of any relevant Underlying Assets, the level of any relevant Indices, 
the currency of denomination and the risks referred to herein. If a secondary market does 
develop, there can be no assurance that the holders of Market Access Product Securities will 
be provided with liquidity of investment or that it will continue throughout the life of the Market 
Access Product Securities.  
Taxes 
Each Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for all taxes, duties and/or 
expenses arising in connection with any payment of a Settlement Amount or Final 
Redemption Amount. In addition, the relevant Issuer shall have the right to withhold or deduct 
from any amount payable to Securityholders such amount as shall be necessary to account 
for any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment in respect of any hedging transactions 
in respect of any Market Access Product Securities. Such payment obligations and 
deductions may reduce the overall return on the Securities. 
The relevant Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to Securityholders to reimburse them 
for any tax, assessment or charge required to be withheld or deducted from payments in 
respect of the Market Access Product Securities by the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 91 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
91 
 
 
Political Risks 
Political conditions in certain geographical locations where issuers of the Underlying Assets or 
the sponsors of the Indices may operate may be volatile or unstable. Political instability, 
including as a result of armed conflict or of acts of terrorism, could have an adverse effect on 
issuers of the Underlying Assets' operations, on sponsors of the Indices' operations, on the 
market value of Underlying Assets, the level of the Indices and, as a result, on the value of 
the Market Access Product Securities. 
9.23 
Risks relating to Currency Linked Notes 
Terms used in this category are as defined in the Currency Terms. 
Factors affecting the performance of the relevant currency exchange rate may adversely 
affect the value of the Currency Linked Notes 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Currency Linked Notes are linked will affect the 
nature and value of the investment return on the Currency Linked Notes. The performance of 
foreign exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies in the 
international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including 
inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective 
countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility, 
transferability and safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, 
speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, 
without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls (including capital and currency controls) or 
taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange 
rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of 
exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would 
affect exchange rates and the availability and/or liquidity of a specified currency. 
Affiliates of the Issuers are major foreign exchange dealers and are subject to conflicts of 
interest 
Potential investors should note that affiliates of the Issuers are regular participants in the 
foreign exchange markets and in the ordinary course of their business may effect transactions 
for their own account or for the account of their customers and hold long and short positions 
in currencies and related derivatives, including in the currencies of the relevant foreign 
currency exchange rate(s). Such transactions may affect the relevant foreign currency 
exchange rate(s), the market price, liquidity or value of the Currency Linked Notes and could 
be adverse to the interests of Noteholders. No affiliate of the Issuers has any duty to enter 
into such transactions in a manner which is favourable to Noteholders. 
Currencies of emerging markets jurisdictions pose particular risks 
Currency Linked Notes linked to emerging market currencies may experience greater volatility 
and less certainty as to their future levels or as against other currencies. Please see the risk 
factor entitled "Emerging Markets risks" above. 
Prospective investors who consider purchasing any Currency Linked Notes should reach an 
investment decision only after carefully considering the suitability of such Currency Linked 
Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
10. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
10.1 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Securities are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 92 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
92 
 
 
As described more fully under "Risks relating to the Group and its Business Operations" 
above, the relevant Issuer and its Affiliates are subject to regulatory capital requirements in 
respect of their activities and Securities may be subject to "bail-in" under certain financial 
institution resolution regimes.  The cost to the relevant Issuer and its Affiliates of the 
Securities being outstanding may be significantly affected by changes in such requirements or 
regimes.  The terms of the Securities and, in particular, any Increased Cost of Hedging 
provisions may allow the relevant Issuer to pass on to Securityholders any increase or 
adjustment to or imposition of a regulatory capital charge or cost for the relevant Issuer or any 
of its Affiliates in connection with the Securities or a change in the regulatory capital status of 
the Securities or the status of the Securities in any "bail-in" or financial institutions resolution 
regime.  This may have an adverse effect on the return to Securityholders under the 
Securities.  It may also allow the relevant Issuer to terminate the Securities early. 
10.2 
Risks related to US Regulatory Reform  
Implementation of US federal financial reform legislation may adversely affect the value of 
Reference Items, which may ultimately adversely affect the value, trading price and viability of 
Securities.  For example, the Financial Reform Act (i) imposes limits on the maximum position 
that could be held by a single trader in certain of the Reference Items and may subject certain 
transactions to new forms of regulation that could create barriers to some types of hedging 
activity by an Issuer or any of its affiliates; (ii) requires certain Reference Items or hedging 
transactions to be cleared, traded on a regulated exchange and reported to regulators, central 
data repositories and, in some cases, the public; and (iii) expands entity registration 
requirements and imposes business conduct requirements on persons active in the swaps 
market (including capital and margin requirements), which may affect the value of Reference 
Items or value and/or cost of hedging transactions.  In turn this may affect the value, trading 
price and viability of Securities, which could reduce the price at which investors are able to 
sell such Securities.  The Financial Reform Act and future rulemaking thereunder could 
potentially limit or completely restrict the ability of an Issuer to hedge its exposure on 
Securities, increase the costs of hedging or make hedging strategies less effective, which in 
turn may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and/or result in costs being 
passed on to Securityholders. 
10.3 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of 
Securities linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
A number of major interest rates (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR")), 
other rates, indices and other published values or benchmarks are the subject of national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities linked to any such value or 
benchmark. 
The Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") is a key element of ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and has applied, 
subject to certain transitional provisions, since 1 January, 2018. In addition to so-called 
"critical benchmark" indices, such as EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange rates, 
and indices, including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most 
cases be within scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are 
used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial instruments 
(including securities listed on an EU regulated market, EU multilateral trading facility ("MTF"), 
EU organised trading facility ("OTF") or via a systematic internaliser).  Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") is the relevant regulatory regime applicable to, 
among other things, the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things,

--- Page 93 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
93 
 
 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered as such and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark 
administration. It also prohibits certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks 
provided by EU administrators which are not authorised or registered in accordance with the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators where (i) 
the administrator's regulatory regime has not been determined to be "equivalent" to that of the 
EU, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised in accordance with the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, or (iii) the benchmark has not been endorsed in accordance with the Benchmark 
Regulation.  Similarly, the UK Benchmarks Regulation prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial 
Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if not based in the UK, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could 
have a material adverse impact on any Securities for which a request for admission to trading 
on a trading venue has been made, or which are traded on a trading venue or via a 
"systematic internaliser" linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) 
upon a "benchmark" for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to any benchmark may result 
in: 
 
the level of the published rate or the level of the "benchmark" or the volatility of the 
published rate or level being adversely affected; 
 
an increase in the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with such regulations or requirements; 
 
the "benchmark" (including certain currencies or tenors of benchmarks) being 
discontinued 
or 
otherwise 
unavailable 
and/or 
the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, which may result in the rate of interest in respect of 
the Securities (if any) being determined based on any applicable fall-back provisions 
(as further described under "Future discontinuance of a benchmark may adversely 
affect the value of Securities which reference such benchmark"); 
 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark being changed in order to comply 
with regulatory requirements; or 
 
other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any Securities and/or could lead to the Securities being de-listed, adjusted, redeemed early 
following the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, subject to discretionary 
valuation or adjustment by the Calculation Agent or otherwise impacted depending on the 
particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Securities. This could also negatively 
affect the liquidity of the Securities and a holder's ability to sell their Securities in the 
secondary market. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February, 2021 which introduces a harmonised 
approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) 
by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for said benchmarks on the 
Commission or the relevant national authority in certain circumstances, such replacement 
being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Securities) which contain 
no fall-back provision or no suitable fall-back provisions and where certain trigger events 
relating to non-representativeness or cessation or wind down of the benchmark are met. In 
general, parties can opt out of the statutory replacement where all parties, or the required 
majority of parties, to a contract or financial instrument have agreed to apply a different

--- Page 94 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
94 
 
 
replacement for a benchmark before or after entry into force of the implementing act. A 
statutory replacement benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, 
and return on, certain Securities linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable benchmark. 
In addition Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated 
regulations and the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are 
extended until the end of 2023 (and the Commission is empowered to further extend this 
period until the end of 2025, if necessary). There are therefore still details to be clarified in 
relation to the potential impact of these legislative developments. Accordingly, there may be a 
risk that a statutory replacement benchmark may be designated if, for instance, a 
replacement benchmark determined in accordance with the fall-back provisions is deemed 
unsuitable as its application no longer reflects or significantly diverges from the underlying 
market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure (and 
where certain other conditions are satisfied, including one of the parties objecting to the 
contractually agreed fall-back). 
10.4 
Future discontinuance of a benchmark may adversely affect the value of Securities 
which reference such benchmark 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, 
amounts payable on the Securities which reference such benchmark will be determined for 
the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Securities which may 
(depending on market circumstances at the relevant time) not operate as intended.  
Depending on the manner in which the relevant benchmark rate is to be determined under the 
Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) be reliant upon the provision by reference 
banks of offered quotations for the benchmark rate which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) be determined by the 
Calculation Agent having regard to comparable rates, any adjustments made to related 
hedging arrangements, relevant information, industry developments and market approaches. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
any of the Securities.  
In addition to the above, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
Notes which reference USD LIBOR and for which Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements 
where a relevant Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred (which includes (i) the permanent discontinuation of the relevant benchmark, 
or (ii) the relevant benchmark being deemed no longer representative of its underlying 
market). These fallback arrangements may require or result in adjustments to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Notes. Even prior to the implementation of any changes to any 
benchmark, or to the interest calculation provisions based on such benchmark, uncertainty as 
to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark 
may adversely affect the operation of such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, 
as well as potentially adversely affecting both the return on any Notes which are linked to or 
which reference such benchmark and the trading market for such Notes. The fallback 
arrangements referenced above will include the possibility that the relevant rate of interest (or, 
as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, determined by 
reference to a replacement rate determined by the Calculation Agent.  
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, where no 
replacement rate is determined, may be the Rate of Interest determined as specified in the 
first paragraph in this section. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor 
rates and alternative rates, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the

--- Page 95 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
95 
 
 
setting or existence of any relevant rate could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider 
all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Securities. 
10.5 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) withholding may affect payments on the 
Securities 
Securities issued by a branch or office outside the United States ("Non-U.S. Securities”) may 
be subject to withholding under certain provisions of U.S. law commonly referred to as 
FATCA if issued after the relevant “grandfathering date” (as described in more detail in 
"Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act" under "Taxation of Securities"). Prospective investors 
in Non-U.S. Securities should refer to the section "Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act" 
under "Taxation of Securities". 
Payments on Securities issued by SCB's New York branch may be subject to withholding 
under FATCA if the holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary in the chain of payments is not 
FATCA compliant. Prospective Investors in Securities issued by SCB's New York branch 
should refer to the section " Taxation of Securities – United States Taxation – Part B – Non-
U.S. Holders". 
10.6 
U.S. dividend equivalent withholding may affect payments on the Securities 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 imposes a 30 per cent. 
withholding tax on amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed 
paid" under certain financial instruments if certain conditions are met. If an Issuer or any 
withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any 
withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so 
withheld. Prospective investors should refer to the section "U.S. Dividend Equivalent 
Withholding" under "Taxation of Securities". 
10.7 
Taxation and no gross up of payments by the Issuers 
The Issuers shall not be liable for, or otherwise be obliged to pay, and the relevant 
Securityholder shall pay any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment which may arise 
as a result of or in connection with the ownership, transfer, exercise, or enforcement of any 
Security (including, without limitation, the payment of any Settlement Amount or Final 
Redemption Amount) by any person and all payments made by the relevant Issuer in respect 
of any Securities shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, charge, withholding or other 
payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
The relevant Issuer is not obliged to gross up or otherwise increase any payment made in 
respect of any Securities where such payment is subject to any tax, duty, charge, withholding 
or other payment. Therefore, should any such tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment 
be or become applicable to any such payment by the relevant Issuer in respect of any 
Securities, then the actual amount received by the Securityholder may be less than it would 
have been in the absence of such tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment and the 
Securityholder may not be able to recover any amount or credit in respect of such tax, duty, 
charge, withholding or other payment.

--- Page 96 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
 
96 
 
 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT 
SECURITIES 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
Prospective investors should refer to the information contained in this section to inform any decision to 
invest in the Securities.  
Terms and expressions defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the General Terms and Conditions of the Certificates, together, 
the "Programme General Terms and Conditions", the Equity and Market Access Product Terms, 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) or the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version), the Currency Terms, the Commodity Terms, the Index Terms, 
or the Pass-through Terms shall, save where the context otherwise requires, have the same meaning 
when used in this section. 
Considerations Relating to the Group 
The Group's business is exposed to risks resulting from restrictions on, and decisions relating 
to, the management of its balance sheet and capital resources 
The Group must ensure the effective management of its capital position in order to operate its 
business, to grow organically and to pursue its strategy. Future changes that limit the Group's ability 
to manage its balance sheet and capital resources effectively, or capital, strategic, operational or 
financial decisions taken by the Group, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's regulatory 
capital position, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Considerations Relating to the Securities Generally 
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Securities and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to the Base 
Prospectus; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Securities and the impact the Securities 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Securities, including where the Specified Currency is different from the currency in which such 
investor's principal financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant securities, assets, indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Securities are complex financial instruments. Investors generally do not purchase complex financial 
instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Securities unless it has the expertise (either

--- Page 97 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
 
97 
 
 
alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Securities and the impact this investment will have 
on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Suitability of investment 
This Base Prospectus identifies in a general way some of the information that a prospective investor 
should consider prior to making an investment in any Securities. However, this Base Prospectus does 
not purport to provide all of the information or the comprehensive analysis necessary to evaluate the 
economic and other consequences of investing in Securities. Therefore, a prospective investor should 
conduct its own thorough analysis (including its own financial, accounting, legal and tax analysis) prior 
to deciding whether to invest in Securities. Any evaluation of whether an investment in Securities is 
suitable depends upon a prospective investor's particular financial and other circumstances, as well 
as on the specific terms of any Securities. This Base Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, 
investment advice. A prospective investor should make an investment in any Securities only after it 
has determined that such investment is suitable for its financial investment objectives. Determining 
whether an investment in the Securities is suitable is a prospective investor's responsibility. If a 
prospective investor does not have experience in financial, legal, business and investment matters 
sufficient to permit it to make such a determination, the prospective investor should consult with its 
financial, tax, legal and/or accounting advisers prior to deciding to make an investment in any 
Securities. 
Modifications 
The General Terms and Conditions of the Securities provide that the relevant Issuer may modify any 
of the conditions of the Securities and the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement or the Notes 
Agency Agreement, as applicable, without the consent of the holders provided that such modification 
(i) does not adversely affect the interest of holders in any material respect or (ii) is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or (iii) is to correct a manifest or proven error or to cure, correct or supplement any 
defective provision or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
The role of the Calculation Agent 
The relevant Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or any delegate makes no express or implied 
representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining exposure to the 
Securities, (ii) the value of the Securities at any particular time on any particular date, or (iii) any 
amounts that may become payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Securityholders for any direct, 
indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Calculation Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any holder for 
any errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the Securities and acts 
solely as an agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any holder. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Securities are legal investments for it, (2) Securities can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Securities. In addition, certain jurisdictions may impose restrictions on investments in 
Securities but there is no guarantee that any issue of Securities will satisfy any relevant investment 
criteria or would be considered by the relevant regulator as qualifying for any particular investment 
purpose. Investors should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 98 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
 
98 
 
 
Regulatory initiatives may restrict certain investments and have an adverse impact on the 
regulatory treatment of the Securities 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the 
derivatives and structured securities industries.  This has resulted in a raft of measures for increased 
regulation which are currently at various stages of implementation and which may restrict investment 
in certain Securities, have an adverse impact on the regulatory position for certain investors and/or on 
the incentives for certain investors to hold Securities and may thereby also affect the liquidity of such 
Securities in the secondary market. Investors in the Securities are responsible for analysing their own 
regulatory position and none of the Issuers or any Manager makes any representation to any 
prospective investor or purchaser of the Securities regarding the regulatory treatment of their 
investment at the time of such investment or at any time in the future. Prospective investors should 
therefore make themselves aware of the changes and requirements applicable to them, in addition to 
any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in Securities . 
Tax considerations relating to the Securities 
The treatment of Securities for tax purposes may be unclear due to the absence of any authority 
specifically addressing the issues presented by any particular Security. Accordingly, a Securityholder, 
or its tax adviser, should, in general, be capable of independently evaluating the tax consequences of 
purchasing a Security applicable in its particular circumstances. 
Considerations relating to Reference Item Linked Securities 
Amounts payable under the Reference Item Linked Securities 
In contrast to a direct investment in the relevant Reference Item(s), Reference Item Linked Securities 
represent the right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of the Settlement Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount or the Asset Amount, as the case may be, as well as interim payments (if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Securities), all or some of which and the 
value of which may be determined by reference to the price, value or performance of the relevant 
Reference Item(s). 
No assurance of further issues 
Each Issuer may issue several issues of Securities relating to a particular Reference Item. However, 
no assurance can be given that either Issuer will issue any such Securities other than the Securities 
to which particular Issue Terms relate. At any given time, the amount or number of Securities 
outstanding may be substantial. Securities provide opportunities for investment and pose risks to 
investors as a result of fluctuations in the value of the relevant Reference Item(s). Investors should 
refer to the "Risk Factors" for the key risks. 
Considerations Relating to Credit Linked Securities 
General considerations 
The premium or the interest on and/or the redemption amount of a Series of Credit Linked Securities 
may, if so specified herein, in a supplement to this Base Prospectus and/or in the Issue Terms, be 
determined by reference to the creditworthiness of, or the performance of obligations by, or some 
other factor relating to, another entity or entities not affiliated with the relevant Issuer (each such 
entity, a "Reference Entity"). 
The Issuers may issue Credit Linked Securities where the amount payable is dependent upon 
whether certain events ("Credit Events") have occurred in respect of one or more Reference 
Entity/Entities. If a Credit Event has occurred and relevant procedures are followed, the amount 
payable is dependent on the value of certain specified assets of such Reference Entity/Entities or may 
be replaced by the relevant Issuer's obligation to deliver certain specified assets.

--- Page 99 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
 
99 
 
 
The relevant Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked Securities are irrespective of the 
existence or amount of the relevant Issuer's and/or any Affiliates' credit exposure to a Reference 
Entity and the relevant Issuer and/or any Affiliate need not suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any 
loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
The role of the Credit Derivatives Determination Committee 
Where (a) the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) applies and the July 
2009 Supplement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, or (b) the Credit 
Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) applies, prospective purchasers should 
note that the Credit Derivatives Determination Committee has the power to make binding decisions on 
critical issues. such as whether a Credit Event has occurred and, where Auction Settlement is 
specified as being applicable, which obligations are to be valued and whether an Auction should take 
place in accordance with and as more fully described in the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees Rules issued in connection with the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as 
amended in 2009) (the "2003 ISDA Definitions") and the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(published on 21 February 2014) (the "2014 ISDA Definitions"), as amended from time to time and 
available on ISDA's website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto). Consequently, 
where Auction Settlement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, or is elected 
to apply by the Calculation Agent as provided above, payments or deliveries under the Securities may 
be affected by any such relevant decisions. 
Differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Definitions 
Investors should be aware that the 2014 ISDA Definitions have: 
(a) 
introduced a new Credit Event of "Governmental Intervention", which is intended to capture 
"bail-in" procedures to which financial institutions may be subject; 
(b) 
made certain amendments to the Restructuring Credit Event to provide for the possibility of a 
Euro exit; 
(c) 
reduced the number of "maturity buckets" applicable in circumstances where Mod Mod R is 
applicable and deleted the concept of the "Enabling Obligation" which was previously 
applicable to both Mod R and Mod Mod R; 
(d) 
introduced the concept of Asset Package Delivery in respect of certain Financial Reference 
Entities and Sovereigns.  This provides that if Deliverable Obligations are exchanged into 
non-Deliverable assets or written-down in part or in full, in certain circumstances, the credit 
protection buyer will be able to deliver the resultant package of Assets or the written-down 
Deliverable Obligation to realise its protection; 
(e) 
split credit protection between senior and subordinated coverage in respect of a 
Governmental Intervention and Restructuring Credit Event for Financial Reference Entities, 
i.e. a Senior Transaction will only be triggered by a Restructuring or Governmental 
Intervention of Senior Obligations and a Subordinated Transaction will not be capable of 
being triggered by a Restructuring or Governmental Intervention of an obligation which is 
Subordinated to the Subordinated Reference Obligation; 
(f) 
made a number of changes to the provisions for determining a Successor to a Reference 
Entity, particularly with respect to Financial and Sovereign Reference Entities; 
(g) 
provided for a new election of "Standard Reference Obligation" which, if chosen, will mean 
that the Reference Obligation will be the obligation of the relevant seniority level published in 
respect of the relevant Reference Entity on a List maintained by ISDA.  A transaction on the 
terms of the 2014 ISDA Definitions may elect not to apply that election such that the 
Reference Obligation would remain as chosen by the parties, although, if this is the case, the 
procedure for selecting a Substitute Reference Obligation has also changed significantly in 
the 2014 ISDA Definitions;

--- Page 100 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
 
100 
 
 
(h) 
replaced the Not Contingent Deliverable Obligation Characteristic with the concept of 
Outstanding Principal Balance.  In order for an obligation (including the Reference Obligation) 
to constitute a Deliverable Obligation, it must have an Outstanding Principal Balance greater 
than zero; 
(i) 
amended the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" to expand the universe of guarantees that 
can constitute Qualifying Guarantees (with a particular emphasis on including, to some 
extent, guarantees with caps or transfer provisions); and  
(j) 
introduced a large number of technical and other changes. 
The key risks relating to these changes are described in the Risk Factors section of this Base 
Prospectus. Some changes may be disadvantageous to Securityholders and prospective investors 
should review carefully the terms of any issue of Securities and, where in any doubt, take advice from 
suitably qualified professional advisers. 
Public Disclosure of Information by Reference Entities 
The Issue Terms will not provide detailed information with respect to any Reference Entity, any 
financial or other risks relating to the business or operations of any Reference Entity in general, or the 
debt obligations of each Reference Entity in particular.  Neither the relevant Issuer nor any of its 
affiliates assume any responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of any information about any 
Reference Entity that is contained in any of such Reference Entity's publicly available fillings.  
Investors in the Credit Linked Securities should make their own investigation and investment decision 
with regard to each Reference Entity. 
Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will participate in the preparation of any public 
filings or other documentation of any Reference Entity or make any due diligence inquiry with respect 
to any Reference Entity. Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Calculation Agent makes any 
representation that such publicly available information regarding any Reference Entity is accurate or 
complete.  Furthermore, none of the Issuers, the Calculation Agent and any of their respective 
affiliates can give any assurance that all events occurring prior to the date of the applicable Issue 
Terms (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available 
documents described above) that would affect the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity (including 
the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity at the time the Credit Linked Securities are priced), or the 
trading price of the Credit Linked Securities, have been publicly disclosed. 
Considerations Relating to Pass-through Linked Notes 
All potential investors in any Pass-through Linked Notes should review this section and also 
each other section of the above Risk Factors relevant to its investment decision. 
General considerations 
The interest on and the redemption amount of a Series of Pass-through Linked Notes may, if so 
specified herein, in a supplement to this Base Prospectus and/or in the Issue Terms, be determined 
by reference to the performance of a notional holding of specified debt obligations (the “Reference 
Obligation") of an entity not affiliated with the relevant Issuer (each such entity, a "Reference 
Entity"). 
The Issuers may issue Pass-through Linked Notes where the amount payable is dependent upon (a) 
the payments made by the Reference Entity with respect to the Reference Obligation to holders of the 
Reference Obligation and (b) whether certain events ("Early Termination Events") have occurred in 
respect of a Reference Entity or Reference Obligation. If an Early Termination Event has occurred, 
and relevant procedures are followed, the amount payable is dependent on the value of the 
Reference Obligation.

--- Page 101 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
 
101 
 
 
Public Disclosure of Information by Reference Entities 
The Issue Terms will not provide detailed information with respect to any Reference Entity, any 
financial or other risks relating to the business or operations of any Reference Entity in general, or the 
debt obligations of each Reference Entity in particular.  Neither the relevant Issuer nor any of its 
affiliates assume any responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of any information about any 
Reference Entity that is contained in any of such Reference Entity's publicly available fillings.  
Investors in the Pass-through Linked Notes should make their own investigation and investment 
decision with regard to each Reference Entity. 
Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will participate in the preparation of any public 
filings or other documentation of any Reference Entity or make any due diligence inquiry with respect 
to any Reference Entity. Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Calculation Agent makes any 
representation that such publicly available information regarding any Reference Entity is accurate or 
complete.  Furthermore, none of the Issuers, the Calculation Agent and any of their respective 
affiliates can give any assurance that all events occurring prior to the date of the applicable Issue 
Terms (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available 
documents described above) that would affect the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity (including 
the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity at the time the Pass-through Linked Notes are priced), or 
the trading price of the Pass-through Linked Notes, have been publicly disclosed. 
Factors affecting the performance of the relevant currency exchange rate may adversely affect 
the value of the Pass-through Linked Notes. 
The interest on and the redemption amount of a Series of Pass-through Linked Notes is linked to 
payments made by a Reference Entity with respect to a Reference Obligation to holders of such 
Reference Obligation and such payments may be made in a different currency (the “Local Currency”) 
to the currency in which payments under the Pass-through Linked Notes are made (the “Specified 
Currency”). Local Currency amounts will be converted into the Specified Currency at a foreign 
exchange rate set out in the relevant Issue Terms or otherwise determined in accordance with the 
terms of the Pass-through Linked Notes. 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to be used in connection with the Pass-through Linked Notes will affect 
the nature and value of the investment return on the Pass-through Linked Notes. The performance of 
foreign exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies in the international 
foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the 
countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, 
international political factors, currency convertibility, transferability and safety of making financial 
investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central 
banks. Such measures include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls (including capital 
and currency controls) or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration 
of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or 
imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that 
would affect exchange rates and the availability and/or liquidity of a specified currency. 
Considerations Relating to Certificates 
Certificates subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Certificates is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Certificates, the market value of those Certificates 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Certificates in circumstances when it would be 
favourable to the relevant Issuer and may not be favourable to investors. At those times, an investor 
generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective rate of return as high 
as that on the Certificates being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.

--- Page 102 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
 
102 
 
 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
Prospective investors who consider purchasing any Certificates should reach an investment decision 
only after carefully considering the suitability of such Certificates in light of their particular 
circumstances. 
Considerations relating to investments in Market Access Product Securities 
Market Access Product Securities are complex and may not be suitable for all investors 
Prospective purchasers of Market Access Product Securities should be experienced with respect to 
such transactions, should understand the risks of transactions involving the relevant Market Access 
Product Securities and should reach an investment decision only after careful consideration, with their 
advisers, of the suitability of such Market Access Product Securities in light of their particular financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, the information set forth herein and the information 
regarding the relevant Market Access Product Securities and the particular equity securities, 
exchange traded fund security, depositary receipt (and related underlying share or other security), 
index or relevant account to which the value of the relevant Market Access Product Securities may 
relate, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
Investors in Exempt Securities should refer to the risk factors set out in the "Risk Factors" section 
above, to the extent applicable, and should also consider the additional risk factors relating only to 
Exempt Securities below. 
ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING TO CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
All potential investors in any Currency Linked Securities should review this section and also 
each other section of these Risk Factors relevant to its investment decision. 
Factors affecting the performance of the relevant currency exchange rate may adversely affect 
the value of the Currency Linked Securities 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Currency Linked Securities are linked will affect the nature 
and value of the investment return on the Currency Linked Securities. The performance of foreign 
exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign 
exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the countries 
concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, 
international political factors, currency convertibility, transferability and safety of making financial 
investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central 
banks. Such measures include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls (including capital 
and currency controls) or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration 
of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or 
imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that 
would affect exchange rates and the availability and/or liquidity of a specified currency. 
Affiliates of the Issuers are major foreign exchange dealers and are subject to conflicts of 
interest 
Potential investors should note that affiliates of the Issuers are regular participants in the foreign 
exchange markets and in the ordinary course of their business may effect transactions for their own 
account or for the account of their customers and hold long and short positions in currencies and 
related derivatives, including in the currencies of the relevant foreign currency exchange rate(s). Such 
transactions may affect the relevant foreign currency exchange rate(s), the market price, liquidity or 
value of the Currency Linked Securities and could be adverse to the interests of Securityholders. No 
affiliate of the Issuers has any duty to enter into such transactions in a manner which is favourable to 
Securityholders.

--- Page 103 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
 
103 
 
 
Currencies of emerging markets jurisdictions pose particular risks 
Currency Linked Securities linked to emerging market currencies may experience greater volatility 
and less certainty as to their future levels or as against other currencies. Please see the risk factor 
entitled "Emerging Markets risks" above. 
Prospective investors who consider purchasing any Currency Linked Securities should reach 
an investment decision only after carefully considering the suitability of such Currency Linked 
Securities in light of their particular circumstances. 
ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING TO COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
All potential investors in any Commodity Linked Securities should review this section and also 
each other section of the above Risk Factors relevant to its investment decision. 
Factors affecting the performance of Commodities may adversely affect the value of the 
Securities; Commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes 
Trading in commodities can be speculative and may be extremely volatile. Commodity prices are 
affected by a variety of factors that are unpredictable including, for example, changes in supply and 
demand relationships, weather patterns and extreme weather conditions, governmental programmes 
and policies, national and international political, military, terrorist and economic events, fiscal, 
monetary and exchange control programmes, changes in interest and exchange rates and changes 
and suspensions or disruptions of market trading activities in commodities and related contracts. 
Commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset classes, making investments in commodities 
riskier than other investments. 
Commodities may reference physical commodities or commodity contracts and certain 
commodity contracts may be traded on unregulated exchanges 
Commodities comprise both (i) "physical" commodities, which need to be stored and transported, and 
which are generally traded at a "spot" price, and (ii) commodity contracts, which are agreements 
either to (a) buy or sell a set amount of an underlying physical commodity at a predetermined price 
and delivery period (which may be referred to as delivery month), or to (b) make and receive a cash 
payment based on changes in the price of the underlying physical commodity. 
Commodity contracts may be traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges (such as futures 
contracts). Commodity contracts may also be traded directly between market participants "over-the-
counter" on trading facilities that are subject to lesser degrees of regulation or, in some cases, no 
substantive regulation. Accordingly, trading in such "over-the-counter" contracts may not be subject to 
the same provisions of, and the protections afforded to, contracts traded on regulated specialised 
futures exchanges. In addition, the price discovery mechanisms of the markets for such "over-the-
counter" contracts may be less transparent than specialised futures exchanges and there may 
therefore be additional risks related to the liquidity and price histories of the relevant contracts. 
Commodity Linked Securities which are linked to commodity futures contracts may provide a different 
return than Commodity Linked Securities linked to the relevant physical commodity 
The price of a futures contract on a commodity will generally be at a premium or at a discount to the 
spot price of the underlying commodity. This discrepancy is due to such factors as (i) the need to 
adjust the spot price due to related costs (e.g., warehousing, transport and insurance costs) and (ii) 
different methods being used to evaluate general factors affecting the spot and the futures markets. In 
addition, and depending on the commodity, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the 
spot and the futures markets. Accordingly, Commodity Linked Securities which are linked to 
commodity futures contracts may provide a different return than Commodity Linked Securities linked 
to the relevant physical commodity.

--- Page 104 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
 
104 
 
 
Additional risks in relation to Commodity indices, including potential effects of "rolling" 
Commodity indices are indices which track the performance of a basket of commodity contracts on 
certain commodities, depending on the particular index. The weighting of the respective commodities 
included in a commodity index will depend on the particular index. 
Commodity contracts have a predetermined expiration date – i.e. a date on which trading of the 
commodity contract ceases. Holding a commodity contract until expiration will result in delivery of the 
underlying physical commodity or the requirement to make or receive cash settlement. Alternatively, 
"rolling" the commodity contracts means that the commodity contracts that are nearing expiration (the 
"near-dated commodity contracts") are sold before they expire and commodity contracts that have an 
expiration date further in the future (the "longer-dated commodity contracts") are purchased. 
Commodity indices apply "rolling" of the component commodity contracts in order to maintain an on-
going exposure to such commodities. Specifically, as a commodity contract is required to be rolled 
pursuant to the relevant index rules, the commodity index is calculated as if exposure to the 
commodity contract was liquidated and exposure was taken to another (generally longer-dated) 
commodity contract for an equivalent exposure. 
"Rolling" can affect the level of a commodity index in a number of ways, including: 
(a) 
The sensitivity of the overall level of a commodity index to particular commodity contracts may 
be increased or decreased through "rolling": Where the price of a near-dated commodity 
contract is greater than the price of the longer-dated commodity contract (the commodity is 
said to be in "backwardation"), then "rolling" from the former to the latter will result in 
exposure to a greater number of the longer-dated commodity contracts being taken. 
Therefore, any loss or gain on the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the 
commodity contract will be greater than if the commodity index had synthetically held the 
same number of commodity contracts as before the "roll". Conversely, where the price of the 
near-dated commodity contract is lower than the price of the longer-dated commodity contract 
(the commodity is said to be in "contango"), then "rolling" will result in exposure to a smaller 
number of the longer-dated commodity contract being taken. Therefore, any gain or loss on 
the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the commodity contract will be less 
than if the commodity index had synthetically held the same number of commodity contracts 
as before the "roll". 
(b) 
Where a commodity contract is in backwardation (or, alternatively, contango) such may be 
expected to (though it may not) have a negative (or, alternatively, positive) effect on the 
commodity index level over time: Where a commodity contract is in "contango", then the price 
of the longer-dated commodity contract will generally be expected to (but may not) decrease 
over time as it nears expiry. In such event, the level of the relevant commodity index can 
generally be expected to be negatively affected. Where a commodity is in "backwardation", 
then the price of the longer-dated commodity contract will generally be expected to (but may 
not) increase over time as it nears expiry. In such event, the level of the relevant commodity 
index can generally be expected to be positively affected. 
Prospective investors who consider purchasing any Commodity Linked Securities should 
reach an investment decision only after carefully considering the suitability of such 
Commodity Linked Securities in light of their particular circumstances. 
ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING TO INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
All potential investors in any Index Linked Securities should review this section and also each 
other section of the above Risk Factors relevant to its investment decision. 
Index Linked Securities may be linked to a volatile index which could adversely affect a 
holder's investment 
Certain indices are highly volatile, which means that their value may change significantly, up or down, 
over a short period of time. The expected amount payable on settlement or on redemption or the

--- Page 105 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
 
105 
 
 
amount of any interest payable on an interest payment date based on a volatile index may vary 
substantially from time to time. Where the amount payable on an Index Linked Security is calculated 
based on the value of the relevant index on a specified date or over a period of time, volatility in the 
index increases the risk that the return on the Index Linked Securities may be adversely affected by a 
fluctuation in the level of the relevant index. 
The volatility of an index may be affected by political or economic events, including governmental 
actions, or by the activities of participants in the relevant markets. Any of these could adversely affect 
the value of an Index Linked Security. 
An index to which an Index Linked Security is linked could be changed or become unavailable 
Certain indices reference several different securities. The compiler or sponsor of such an index 
typically reserves the right to alter the composition of the index and the manner in which the value of 
the index is calculated. Such an alteration may result in a decrease in the value of or return on an 
Index Linked Security which is linked to such index. 
An index may become unavailable due to such factors as war, natural disasters, cessation of 
publication of the index, or suspension of or disruption in trading in the security or securities 
comprising or underlying such index. If an index becomes unavailable, the determination of the 
amount payable on an Index Linked Security may be delayed or an alternative method may be used 
to determine the value of the unavailable index or another index may be substituted for the relevant 
index. Alternative methods of valuation are generally intended to produce a value similar to the value 
resulting from reference to the relevant index. However, it is unlikely that such alternative methods of 
valuation will produce values identical to those which would be produced were the relevant index to 
be used. An alternative method of valuation or a substitution may result in a decrease in the value of 
or return on an Index Linked Security. 
Certain Index Linked Securities may be linked to indices that are not commonly utilised or have been 
recently developed. The lack of historic index levels may make it difficult to anticipate the volatility or 
other risks to which such an Index Linked Security is subject. In addition, there may be less trading in 
such indices or instruments underlying such indices, which could increase the volatility of such indices 
and decrease the value of or return on Index Linked Securities relating to them. 
Factors affecting the performance of indices may adversely affect the value of the Index 
Linked Securities 
Indices are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of shares or other assets, and as such, the performance 
of an index is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors relating to the shares or other components 
that comprise such index, which may adversely affect the value of the relevant Index Linked 
Securities and which may include interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency 
developments, the volatility (frequency and magnitude of changes of price) and liquidity of such 
components, political factors and (in the case of shares) company-specific factors such as earnings 
position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. 
Exposure to the risk that returns on the Index Linked Securities do not reflect direct 
investment in underlying shares or other assets comprising the index 
The return payable on Index Linked Securities may not reflect the return a Securityholder would 
realise if he or she actually owned the relevant assets comprising the components of the index. For 
example, if the components of the indices are shares, Securityholders will not receive any dividends 
paid on those shares and will not participate in the return on those dividends unless the relevant index 
takes such dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. Similarly, 
Securityholders will not have any voting rights in the underlying shares or any other assets which may 
comprise the components of the relevant index. Accordingly, an investor in Index Linked Securities 
may receive a lower payment upon redemption or exercise of such Index Linked Securities than such 
an investor would have received if he or she had invested in the components of the index directly.

--- Page 106 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND ADDITIONAL RISKS RELATING ONLY TO EXEMPT SECURITIES 
 
 
106 
 
 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an index could adversely affect the market 
value of the Index Linked Securities 
The sponsor of any index may add, delete or substitute the components of such index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of 
components of any index may affect the level of such index as a newly added component may 
perform significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the 
payments made by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders. The sponsor of any such index may 
also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such index. The sponsor of an index 
will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Index Linked Securities and will have no 
obligation to any Securityholder. The sponsor of an index may take any actions in respect of such 
index without regard to the interests of the Securityholders and any of these actions could adversely 
affect the market value of the Index Linked Securities. 
Prospective investors who consider purchasing any Index Linked Securities should reach an 
investment decision only after carefully considering the suitability of such Index Linked 
Securities in light of their particular circumstances.

--- Page 107 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
107 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus and the Base 
Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with such documents: 
(a) 
the Directors' Report and Financial Statements of SCB for the financial years ended 31 
December 
2020 
(the 
"SCB 
2020 
Annual 
Report") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/sc-bank-2020-results_bb4408f5-4bcf-4fc0-9536-
93b526f38be5.pdf) and 2021 (the "SCB 2021 Annual Report") (available at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202202/e77f7db0-a1bc-
43d0-afa0-1ce19ee0df73.PDF); 
(b) 
the Directors' Report and Consolidated Financial Statements of SCBHK for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2020 (the "SCBHK 2020 Annual Report") (available at: https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202103/b1cef48f-40ed-
49bd-aec3-176aebf795c3.PDF) and 2021 (the "SCBHK 2021 Annual Report") (available at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202203/81900666-a1cd-49d2-91fb-85992c103c7f.pdf);  
(c) 
the Annual Report (including the Financial Statements) of SCBSL for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 (the "SCBSL 2020 Annual Report") (available at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/af6781d1-d24a-44e3-ac8d-
cf260cb8856c.PDF) and 2021 (the "SCBSL 2021 Annual Report") (available at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202204/b888ff98-9171-4dff-
926d-4eae56b3c5d4.pdf);  
(d) 
The Standard Chartered PLC Annual Report for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 
(the "SCPLC 2020 Annual Report", available at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/standard-chartered-plc-full-year-2020-
report_1a5f2363-c3f9-4521-878e-0d5495cd193e.pdf) and 2021 ("SCPLC 2021 Annual 
Report") 
(available 
at: 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202202/7da43dfe-e527-4ef4-8a3c-081ff7483f45.PDF); 
(e) 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and the Credit Terms contained on 
pages 162 to 177, 178 to 208, 221 to 268 and 269 to 324, respectively, of the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 July 2013 prepared by SCB and SCBHK (the "2013 Base Prospectus") 
(available at: http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_dde62c81-167c-4e4c-
8adb-1e8a8d637e9b.PDF);  
(f) 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and the Credit Terms contained on 
pages 172 to 188, 189 to 220, 233 to 284 and 285 to 343, respectively, of the Base 
Prospectus dated 3 July 2014 prepared by SCB and SCBHK (the "2014 Base Prospectus") 
(available at: http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus1_643061fd-ec15-4b51-
8ad8-96d411682a71.PDF), the Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 23 September 2014 
(available 
at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_8c0bb81c-ef92-4b9f-9c82-
2d14c23891e9.PDF) and the Base Prospectus Supplement No.4 dated 17 November 2014 
(available 
at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a6e31cb5-d10a-40fe-8f05-
3606a407f1c3.PDF);  
(g) 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and the Credit Terms contained on 
pages 236 to 253, 254 to 289, 305 to 362 and 363 to 493, respectively, of the Base 
Prospectus dated 2 July 2015 prepared by SCB and SCBHK (the "2015 Base Prospectus") 
(available at: http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_af0c2003-ccf7-49a5-
88f1-33d78e2c5755.PDF), the Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 13 August 2015

--- Page 108 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
108 
 
 
(available at: http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_6b66a4db-b812-4897-9bec-
df503a801dff.PDF) and the Base Prospectus Supplement No.2 dated 9 November 2015 
(available at: http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_07b25970-97e7-4639-ab74-
1e16af39d88b.PDF); 
(h) 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and the Credit Terms contained on 
pages 237 to 254, 255 to 290, 306 to 363 and 364 to 500, respectively, of the Base 
Prospectus dated 12 July 2016 prepared by SCB and SCBHK (the "2016 Base Prospectus") 
(available at: http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_e13281e3-f900-4d0a-
93f5-61f7deb8870c.PDF);  
(i) 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and the Credit Terms contained on 
pages 239 to 256, 257 to 293, 310 to 367 and 368 to 504, respectively, of the Base 
Prospectus dated 12 July 2017 prepared by SCB and SCBHK (the "2017 Base Prospectus") 
(available 
at: 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Listing%20Particulars%2012.07_1836c
c6d-de90-4171-a696-52a2494a5167.PDF);  
(j) 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and the Credit Terms contained on 
pages 245 to 265, 266 to 304, 323 to 380 and 381 to 517, respectively, of the Base 
Prospectus dated 11 July 2018 prepared by SCB, SCBHK and SCBSL (the "2018 Base 
Prospectus") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Prospectus%20(Revised)%2011.07_df
5151da-5c7e-4c6f-a83e-9852c4b67b4f.pdf);  
(k) 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and the Credit Terms contained on 
pages 298 to 359, 378 to 435, 436 to 574, respectively of the Base Prospectus dated 11 July 
2019 prepared by SCB, SCBHK and SCBSL (the "2019 Base Prospectus") (available at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_7213b6b3-54d3-435d-9902-
acae01bf0b5f.PDF) and the Base Prospectus Supplement No.4 dated 3 April 2020 (available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_af58db6b-03b9-4f9f-9d17-cf8f8515e559.PDF);  
(l) 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and the Credit Terms contained on 
pages 277 to 296, 297 to 343, 362 to 557, respectively of the Base Prospectus dated 10 July 
2020 prepared by SCB, SCBHK and SCBSL (the "2020 Base Prospectus") (available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_0b644420-818b-4a9b-8d6b-41aba5e25d6f.PDF 
), the Base Prospectus Supplement No.2 dated 10 September 2020 (available at:  https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_265fec55-7450-4b83-bcee-29b4533f80b5.PDF) and 
the Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 1 February 2021 (available at https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_5d1679c4-
1737-4184-b5a8-41495aac3dfe.PDF); and 
(m) 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and the Credit Terms contained on 
pages 291 to 311, 312 to 363, 382 to 577, respectively of the Base Prospectus dated 9 July 
2021 prepared by SCB, SCBHK and SCBSL (the "2021 Base Prospectus (available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202107/15c03731-84b7-4bc9-9304-e1333efa96d1.PDF). 
To the extent that only part of a document is incorporated by reference herein, the non-incorporated 
part of such document is either not relevant for investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
109 
 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement to this Base Prospectus may be 
prepared by the Issuers and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in accordance with (i) any documents incorporated 
by reference herein; (ii) any supplement hereto; and (iii) in respect of Exempt Securities, (1) any 
document or information relating to SCB, SCBHK or Standard Chartered PLC subsequently published 
on the website of Morningstar (http://www.morningstar.co.uk/uk), (2) any document or information 
relating to SCB, SCBHK or SCBSL subsequently published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and (3) any annual reports, directors' reports or 
financial statements (interim or annual) of SCBHK, SCBSL or Standard Chartered PLC in respect of a 
period after 31 December 2021 and available on https://www.sc.com/en/investors/financial-results/, 
https://www.sc.com/hk/investor-relations/hong-kong-financial-reports/, 
https://www.sc.com/hk/regulatory-disclosures/ and https://www.sc.com/sg/about-us/financial-results-
pillar-3/, as applicable (which will be deemed incorporated by reference herein in relation to the 
Exempt Securities).  Statements contained in any such supplement to the Base Prospectus (or 
contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) or otherwise incorporated by reference 
herein in the case of Exempt Securities shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 110 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK 
 
 
110 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK 
SCB was incorporated in England with limited liability by Royal Charter on 29 December 1853. SCB's 
issued share capital comprises ordinary shares, all of which are owned by Standard Chartered 
Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales and a wholly owned subsidiary of 
SCPLC, non-cumulative irredeemable preference shares of U.S.$0.01 each, all of which are owned 
by Standard Chartered Holdings Limited, and non-cumulative redeemable preference shares of 
U.S.$5.00 each, all of which are owned by SCPLC. SCB has debt securities listed on a number of 
exchanges including on the London Stock Exchange's main market (which is a UK regulated market 
for the purposes of UK MiFIR) and Euronext Dublin (which is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU). SCB's principal office and principal place of business in the United Kingdom is 
at 1 Basinghall Avenue, London EC2V 5DD. SCB's reference number is ZC18. The telephone number 
of its principal office is 020 7885 8888. SCB's website is www.sc.com/uk. 
The Group to which SCB belongs is an international banking and financial services group particularly 
focused on the markets of Asia, Africa and the Middle East. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 
more than 81,000 employees across 59 markets. 
As far as the Directors are aware, no shareholder or associated group of shareholders acting 
together, owns enough shares of SCPLC's ordinary shares to directly or indirectly exercise control 
over SCPLC. 
In January 2021, the Group streamlined its organisation by integrating its existing business units into 
two new segments: Corporate, Commercial & Institutional Banking (CCIB); and Consumer, Private 
and Business Banking (CPBB).  
The creation of the CCIB segment brings together Corporate & Institutional Banking and Commercial 
Banking. It will simplify the way the Group works globally by maintaining its unique local client focus 
supported by a more agile organisation on the ground and a single team to partner with its clients and 
other stakeholders.  
The Group's Retail and Private Banking units are now CPBB. The change will help its retail 
businesses deliver its services more effectively to its clients by having a networked global approach 
while building upon its distinct local competitive advantages. 
The Group has also streamlined its four international regions. Its new Asia region (made up of its 
former Greater China & North Asia and ASEAN & South Asia regions) will allow the Group to make 
the most of regional opportunities and deliver its services more effectively across the different Asian 
markets.  
The Group's other regions, Africa & the Middle East and Europe & Americas, will remain as before, 
with Europe & Americas being more closely integrated with the new CCIB business unit. 
Subsidiaries 
As at 31 December 2021, the principal subsidiary undertakings of SCB principally engaged in the 
business of banking and provision of other financial services were as follows: Standard Chartered 
Bank (Singapore) Limited, Singapore; Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad, Malaysia; 
Standard Chartered Bank Nigeria Limited, Nigeria; Standard Chartered Bank (Pakistan) Limited, 
Pakistan; Standard Chartered Bank (Thai) Public Company Limited, Thailand; Standard Chartered 
Bank Kenya Limited, Kenya; Standard Chartered Bank AG, Germany; Standard Chartered Bank 
(Vietnam) Limited, Vietnam and Standard Chartered Bank (Mauritius) Limited, Mauritius. 
As at 31 December 2021, all the above are directly or indirectly wholly owned subsidiaries of SCPLC, 
except Standard Chartered Bank (Thai) Public Company Limited, which is 99.87 per cent. indirectly 
owned by SCB, Standard Chartered Bank (Pakistan) Limited, which is 98.99 per cent. directly owned 
by SCB, and Standard Chartered Bank Kenya Limited, which is 74.32 per cent. indirectly owned by 
SCB.

--- Page 111 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK 
 
 
111 
 
 
Directors 
The current Directors of SCB and their respective principal outside activities as at 14 June 2022, 
where significant to SCB, are as follows: 
Dr J M I Viñals 
Chairman and Group Chairman of SCPLC1 
Co-Chair of the United Nation's Alliance of Global Investors for Sustainable 
Development (GISD) and a board member of the Institute of International 
Finance (IIF). He is also a member of the board of directors of the Bretton 
Woods Committee And a board member of the Social Progress Imperative. 
W T Winters, CBE 
Chief Executive and Group Chief Executive of SCPLC1 
Non-executive director of Novartis International AG. 
D P Conner 
Independent Non-Executive Director and Independent Non-Executive 
Director of SCPLC1 
Trustee of Washington University in St Louis, Chair of the Barnard 
Cancer Institute. 
A N Halford  
Chief Financial Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer of SCPLC1 
Senior Independent Director of Marks and Spencer Group PLC 
G Huey Evans, CBE 
Independent Non-Executive Director and Independent Non-Executive 
Director of SCPLC1 
Non-executive director of ConocoPhillips and S&P Global, non-executive 
member of the UK HM Treasury Board, Chair of the London Metal Exchange, 
member of the Benjamin Franklin House Board and the panel of Senior 
Advisors of Chatham House. 
J Whitbread 
Independent Non-Executive Director and Independent Non-Executive 
Director of SCPLC1 
Non-executive director of WPP Plc and Compagnie Financière Richemont 
SA, Chair of Travis Perkins plc. 
C Tong 
Independent Non-Executive Director and Independent Non-Executive 
Director of SCPLC1 
Independent Non-Executive Director of MTR Corporation Limited. Member of 
various Hong Kong SAR government bodies, including as chair of the 
University Grants Committee and a member of the Hong Kong Human 
Resource Planning Commission. Observer on behalf of the Hong Kong 
Government for Cathay Pacific Airways Limited. Honorary Advisor to the 
Advisory Board of Tencent Finance Academy (Hong Kong), a Member of the 
Advisory Panel of Hong Kong Cyberport Management Company Limited and 
a Member of the Hong Kong Academy of Finance. 
D Tang 
Independent Non-Executive Director and Independent Non-Executive 
Director of SCPLC1 
Non-executive director of Kingsoft Corporation Limited (listed on the Hong 
Kong Stock Exchange), Non-Executive director of JOYY Inc (listed on the 
Nasdaq Stock Exchange) and Chief Value Officer at Kaiyun Motors.

--- Page 112 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK 
 
 
112 
 
 
P Rivett  
Independent Non-Executive Director and Independent Non-Executive 
Director of SCPLC1 
Independent non-executive director of Nationwide Building Society 
M Ramos 
Independent Non-Executive Director and Independent Non-Executive 
Director of SCPLC1 
 
Chair of AngloGold Ashanti Limited and Non-Executive Director of 
Compagnie Financière Richemont SA  
M Smith 
Director1 
Member of the Foundation Board of the International Financial Risk Institute. 
A McFadyen 
Non-Executive Director1 
Director of the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment Trust, Director of Kali 
Theatre Company Limited 
Notes: 
1. 
The business address should be regarded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus as: 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
There are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the Directors named 
above owed to SCB and/or their private interests and other duties which would require disclosure in 
this Base Prospectus. The Group has a control process in place for the purposes of avoiding potential 
conflicts of interests, as and when they may arise, between any duties of the directors named above 
to SCB and their private interests and/or other duties. There are no such potential conflicts of interest 
which would require disclosure in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 113 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG) LIMITED 
 
 
113 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG) LIMITED 
SCBHK was incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability on 12 December 2003 under the previous 
Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong (now as Cap. 622)) as a public company 
(registered number 875305). SCBHK's issued ordinary share capital is wholly owned by SCPLC. With 
effect from 1 July 2004, the businesses of the Hong Kong branch of Standard Chartered Bank, 
Manhattan Card Company Limited, Standard Chartered Finance Limited, Standard Chartered 
International Trade Products Limited and Chartered Capital Corporation Limited were merged into 
SCBHK, principally by a private ordinance in Hong Kong. 
On 5 June 2019, SCBHK became a wholly-owned subsidiary of SCPLC as part of a project to create 
a Greater China & North Asia hub for the Group. Under this regional hub structure, SCBHK became 
the parent company of Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited on 1 June 2019. Standard 
Chartered Bank (Taiwan) Limited and Standard Chartered Bank Korea Limited became subsidiaries 
of SCBHK on 1 October 2019. 
The registered office of SCBHK is situated at 32nd Floor, 4-4A Des Voeux Road Central in Hong 
Kong; telephone: (+852) 2820 3333. The website of SCBHK is www.sc.com/hk/. 
The Group to which SCBHK belongs is an international banking and financial services group 
particularly focused on the markets of Asia, Africa and the Middle East. As at 30 December 2021, the 
Group had more than 81,000 employees across 59 markets. 
As far as the Directors are aware, no shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting 
together, owns enough shares of SCPLC's ordinary shares to directly or indirectly exercise control 
over SCPLC. 
SCBHK is a licensed bank in Hong Kong. It has a network of around 70 retail branch outlets in Hong 
Kong and about 6,000 employees as at 31 December 2021. 
In January 2021, the Group streamlined its organisation by integrating its existing business units into 
two new segments: Corporate, Commercial & Institutional Banking (CCIB); and Consumer, Private 
and Business Banking (CPBB).  
The creation of the CCIB segment, brings together Corporate & Institutional Banking and Commercial 
Banking. It will simplify the way the Group works globally by maintaining its unique local client focus 
supported by a more agile organisation on the ground and a single team to partner with its clients and 
other stakeholders.  
The Group's Retail and Private Banking units are now CPBB. The change will help its retail 
businesses deliver its services more effectively to its clients by having a networked global approach 
while building upon its distinct local competitive advantages. 
The Group has also streamlined its four international regions. Its new Asia region (made up of its 
former Greater China & North Asia and ASEAN & South Asia regions) will allow the Group to make 
the most of regional opportunities and deliver its services more effectively across the different Asian 
markets.  
The Group's other regions, Africa & the Middle East and Europe & Americas, will remain as before, 
with Europe & Americas being more closely integrated with the new CCIB business unit. 
Directors 
The Directors of SCBHK and their respective principal outside activities, where significant to SCBHK, 
are as follows: 
E M Williams  
Non-Executive Director and Chairman1 
Supervisor of Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited

--- Page 114 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG) LIMITED 
 
 
114 
 
 
B P C Hung  
Executive Director and Chief Executive1 
Non-Executive Director and Chairman of Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited 
and Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited 
S Razvi 
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer1 
D S Kim 
Executive Director and Chief Risk Officer1 
Non-Executive Director of Standard Chartered Bank Korea Limited 
M W Y Huen 
Executive Director1 
Non-Executive Director of Standard Chartered Bank (Taiwan) Limited and Mox Bank 
Limited 
Y M Hau  
Executive Director1 
G C K Lee  
Non-Executive Director1 
E C Fong 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
S R Eno 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
E W S Cheng 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
A L C Tung 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
L K K Leong 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Notes: 
1. 
The business address should be regarded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus as: 
32nd Floor 
4-4A Des Voeux Road Central 
Hong Kong 
To the best knowledge and belief of SCBHK, there are no existing conflicts of interest between any 
duties of the Directors named above owed to SCBHK and their private interests and/or other duties 
which would require disclosure in this Base Prospectus.  SCBHK has a control process in place for 
the purposes of avoiding potential conflicts of interest, as and when they may arise, between any 
duties of the Directors named above to SCBHK and their private interests and/or other duties.  To the 
best knowledge and belief of SCBHK, there are no such potential conflicts of interest which would 
require disclosure in this Base Prospectus. 
Audit Committee 
E C Fong  
Chairman 
S R Eno 
E W S Cheng 
G C K Lee 
L K K Leong 
Board Risk Committee 
S R Eno 
Chairman 
E C Fong

--- Page 115 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG) LIMITED 
 
 
115 
 
 
A L C Tung 
E M Williams 
G C K Lee 
L K K Leong 
Nomination Committee 
E W S Cheng 
Chairman 
S R Eno 
A L C Tung 
B P C Hung 
L K K Leong 
Remuneration Committee 
A L C Tung 
Chairman 
E C Fong 
E W S Cheng 
B P C Hung 
The Audit Committee primarily focuses on the quality and integrity of SCBHK's financial statements 
and reporting, the appropriateness of SCBHK's accounting policies and the effectiveness of the 
internal control function. The Board Risk Committee exercises oversight on behalf of the Board on the 
overall risk appetite and risk management strategy and its implementation by senior management as 
well as the culture-related matters. The Nomination Committee is responsible for identifying 
individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board or of key senior management, and 
selecting, or recommending such individuals to the Board. The Remuneration Committee is 
responsible for reviewing the framework and policies for remuneration and compliance with the 
applicable laws and regulatory guidelines. 
SCBHK Share Capital 
The amount of SCBHK's share capital as at 31 December 2021, as derived from its audited 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021, is as follows: 
 
 
 
Issued and fully paid1 
 
31 December 2021 
HK$ m 
                                                   
1 The Hong Kong Companies Ordinance was revised with effect from 3 March 2014. Under the new Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws 
of Hong Kong), amounts which were previously credited to the share premium account and capital redemption reserve have been aggregated 
together as part of the SCBHK's share capital. Since the share premium amounted to HK$12,477 million was originated from class 'A' and class 
'B' ordinary shares, and the capital redemption reserve amounting to HK$3,804 million was originated from partial redemption of class 'A' ordinary 
shares and full redemption of preference shares in prior years, they were allocated back to the ordinary shares and preference share capital 
accordingly.

--- Page 116 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG) LIMITED 
 
 
116 
 
 
'A' Ordinary shares .............................................................................  
12,500 
'B' Ordinary shares ..............................................................................  
78 
'C' Ordinary shares ..............................................................................  
21,165 
'D' Ordinary shares ..............................................................................  
23,604 
HK$3,800 million 8.25% Non-cumulative Preference 
Shares 
 ........................................................................................  
3,800 
US$500 million 6.25% Perpetual Non-cumulative Convertible Preference 
Shares2 
 ........................................................................................  
3,878 
 
65,025 
On 1 June 2019, the Bank acquired 100 per cent. of the share capital of SCB China from a fellow 
subsidiary by issuance of Class C ordinary share capital amounting to HK$21,165 million. On 1 
October 2019, the Bank additionally acquired 100 per cent. of the share capital of SC NEA Group 
(which comprises Standard Chartered Bank Korea Limited ("SCB Korea"), Standard Chartered Bank 
(Taiwan) Limited ("SCB Taiwan") and Standard Chartered Securities Korea Limited ("SCS Korea")) 
from a fellow subsidiary by issuance of Class D ordinary share capital amounting to HK$23,604 
million. 
On 30 December 2020, SCBHK redeemed the US$500 million 6.25% Perpetual Non-cumulative 
Convertible Preference shares out of its distributable profits. 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, SCBHK complies with the laws and regulations of Hong Kong 
regarding corporate governance. 
For information on SCBHK's borrowing and funding structure and the expected financing of SCBHK's 
activities, investors should refer to the most recent published accounts as incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
Articles of Association 
A new Articles of Association of SCBHK was adopted on 26 September 2019. Article 5 of SCBHK's 
articles of association provides that its objects include, each as set out in the articles of association: 
(A) 
To carry on the business of a banker in any part of the world. 
(B) 
To make, issue, re-issue and circulate legal tender notes in Hong Kong and to keep deposited 
in manner hereinafter provided coin or bullion or legal tender notes or securities or certificates 
of indebtedness or other direct obligations of the Government of Hong Kong equal in value to 
the whole of the legal tender notes issued by the Company and actually in circulation and to 
carry out any other business in connection with the issue of legal tender notes. 
(C) 
To enter into any arrangements with any Government or authority, supreme, municipal, local 
or otherwise that may seem conducive to the Company's objects, or any of them; and to 
obtain from any such Government or authority any rights, privileges, and concessions which 
the Company may think it desirable to obtain; and to carry out, exercise and comply with any 
such arrangements, rights, privileges and concessions. 
                                                   
2 On 30 December 2014, 10 perpetual non-cumulative convertible preference shares were issued to Standard Chartered Bank at an aggregate 
issue price of US$500 million with a liquidation preference of US$500 million. Each preference share will be converted to 12,500,000 'A' Shares of 
US$4.00 each upon a non-viability event as set out in the subscription agreement. The preference shares qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital 
under the Banking (Capital) Rules. The preference shares have been fully redeemed or bought back in December 2021 via payment out of 
distributable profits and for which the amount was transferred from retained earnings to share capital in accordance with the requirements of the 
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

--- Page 117 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG) LIMITED 
 
 
117 
 
 
(D) 
In connection with the matters aforesaid, to promote or join in promoting companies or 
associations in any part of the world for the purpose of carrying on any part of the business or 
exercising any of the powers of the Company or for the purpose of carrying on or exercising 
any business or power which the Company is authorised to carry on or exercise or which in 
the opinion of the Company may conveniently and advantageously be combined with any 
business which the Company is authorised to carry on and to enter into arrangements for 
sharing profits, joint adventure, amalgamation and other like matters. 
(E) 
To subscribe, support or become a member of any Chamber of Commerce or other institution 
or association having among its objects the promotion or protection of the interests of persons 
engaged in banking, commerce or industry. 
(F) 
To purchase or otherwise acquire for such consideration as may be thought fit (including the 
issue of shares, securities or other obligations of the Company credited as fully or partly paid 
up) the whole or any part of the business, property and liabilities of any person or company 
carrying on any business which the Company has power to carry on or any shares, securities 
or other obligations of any company carrying on any such business. 
(G) 
To carry on in any part of the world trustee and executor business, including to act as 
executors and administrators and trustees and to undertake and execute trusts of all kinds, 
whether private or public including religious and charitable trusts and to transfer all kinds of 
trust and agency business either with or if the Company so desires without remuneration and 
in particular and without limiting the generality of the above to act wherever the Company may 
lawfully do so as judicial and custodian trustees, trustees for the holders of debentures and 
debenture stock, administrators of the property of convicts, receivers, mangers and liquidators 
and to perform and discharge the duties and functions incident thereto. 
(H) 
To carry on all or any of the businesses of financiers, underwriters, auctioneers, insurance 
and mercantile brokers, and general agents. 
(I) 
To purchase, take, hold and enjoy as well in Hong Kong as in any other part of the world such 
houses, offices, buildings, lands and other property without restriction as to the value or 
annual value thereof as shall or may from time to time be actually and bona fide necessary 
and proper for the purpose of managing, conducting and carrying on the business of the 
Company but not for any other purpose (except as hereinafter specified) and to sell, manage, 
develop, grant, demise, exchange, convey and dispose of the same or any of them 
respectively. 
(J) 
To manage, demise and let and receive the rents and profits of such portions of any houses, 
offices, buildings, lands and other property now owned or from time to time acquired by it as 
for the time being it may not actually occupy for the purposes of its business. 
(K) 
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, to accept any lands, houses or other real or any 
personal estate in satisfaction, liquidation or payment of any debt absolutely and bona fide 
due and owing to the Company and also to take any mortgage or other security on real or 
personal property as aforesaid as a security for any moneys due, owing or payable or to 
become due, owing or payable to the Company or for the due performance or discharge of 
any other liabilities or obligations whether arising or incurred before or after the taking of such 
security and the Company may hold such lands, houses and other property for such 
reasonable time (but for such reasonable time only) after the Company shall have acquired 
an absolute interest therein as shall be necessary for selling and disposing of and converting 
the same into money. 
(L) 
To sell or otherwise convert into money any goods, wares or merchandise which shall or may 
be taken by it in satisfaction, liquidation or payment of any debt and to sell and convey any 
lands, houses and other real property whatsoever or any goods, wares or merchandise which 
it may acquire in manner aforesaid.

--- Page 118 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG) LIMITED 
 
 
118 
 
 
(M) 
To give pensions and gratuities to directors, officers or servants of the Company or to persons 
who have been directors, officers or servants of the Company and to the wives, families or 
dependants of any such persons and to establish, maintain, support or subscribe to pension, 
superannuation and other funds for the benefit or advantage of any such directors, officers, 
servants or other such persons and the Company may also make payments towards 
insurance and may make contributions to national, educational, scientific, benevolent, 
religious or charitable institutions or objects and may subscribe towards or guarantee the 
expense of or otherwise take part in the promotion of any exhibition and may give or 
contribute to any testimonial, gift or fund whether in Hong Kong or any other part of the world. 
(N) 
To enter into arrangements for sharing profits or joint adventure amalgamation with any 
company carrying on the business of banking or any other business which the Company has 
power to carry on or which can in the opinion of the Company conveniently and 
advantageously be combined with any business which the Company has power to carry on 
and to subscribe for or otherwise acquire for such consideration as may be thought fit any 
shares, stock or other securities of any such company or of an amalgamating company. 
(O) 
To invest and deal with the money of the Company not immediately required in such manner 
as may from time to time be thought fit. 
(P) 
To lend and advance money or give credit to any person, business or company, to guarantee 
and give guarantees or indemnities for the payment of money or the performance of contracts 
or obligations by any person, business or company, to secure or undertake in any way the 
repayment of moneys lent or advanced to or the liabilities incurred by any person, business or 
company, and otherwise to assist any person, business or company. 
(Q) 
To borrow or raise or secure the payment of money in such manner as the Company may 
think fit and to secure the same or the repayment or performance of any debt, liability, 
contract, guarantee or other engagement incurred or to be entered into by the Company in 
any way and in particular by the issue of debentures perpetual or otherwise, charged upon all 
or any of the Company's property (both present and future), including its uncalled capital; and 
to purchase, redeem or pay off any such securities. 
(R) 
To remunerate any person or company for services rendered, or to be rendered in placing or 
assisting to place or guaranteeing the placing of any of the shares in the Company's capital or 
any debentures or other securities of the Company, or in or about the organisation, formation 
or promotion of the Company or the conduct of its business. 
(S) 
To draw, make, accept, endorse, discount, execute and issue: 
(a) 
promissory notes, bills of exchange, bills of lading and other negotiable or 
transferable instruments; 
(b) 
prescribed instruments within the meaning of section 137B of the Banking Ordinance. 
(T) 
To sell or dispose of the undertaking of the Company or any part thereof for such 
consideration as the Company may think fit, and in particular for shares, debentures or 
securities of any other company having objects altogether or in part similar to those of the 
Company. 
(U) 
To distribute any of the property of the Company among the members in kind or otherwise but 
so that no distribution amounting to a reduction of capital shall be made without the sanction 
required by law. 
(V) 
To carry out all or any of the objects of the Company and do all or any of the above things in 
any part of the world and either as principal, agent, contractor or trustee, or otherwise, and by 
or through trustees or agents or otherwise, and either alone or in conjunction with others.

--- Page 119 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (HONG KONG) LIMITED 
 
 
119 
 
 
(W) 
To do all such other things as are incidental or conducive to the attainment of the objects and 
the exercise of the powers of the Company. 
Information on how to obtain a copy of SCBHK's articles of association is set out on page 721.

--- Page 120 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (SINGAPORE) LIMITED 
 
 
120 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (SINGAPORE) LIMITED 
SCBSL was incorporated as a public company limited by shares in the Republic of Singapore on 8 
October 2012 bearing registration number 201224747C under the Singapore Companies Act 1967. 
The issued and paid up ordinary shares are 86.39% owned by Standard Chartered Holdings 
(Singapore) Private Limited ("SCHSPL"), a company incorporated in the Republic of Singapore while 
the remaining 13.61% interest is owned by Standard Chartered Bank, a company incorporated in 
England under Royal Charter in 1853, which is also the holding company of SCHSPL. All the issued 
share capital of Standard Chartered Bank is owned by Standard Chartered Holdings Limited, a 
company incorporated in England and Wales, which is in turn wholly -owned by SCPLC, a public 
listed company incorporated in England and Wales. 
SCHSPL currently holds an aggregate of 5,161,671,601 Class A ordinary shares (1,653,000,000 
ordinary shares of SGD1,653,000,000 and 3,508,671,601 ordinary shares of USD3,383,000,000) in 
the share capital of SCBSL The remaining of the ordinary shares of SCBSL comprising 559,193,805 
of Class B ordinary shares of USD733 million and 254,040,296 of Class C ordinary shares of USD333 
million are owned by Standard Chartered Bank. .  
Apart from the ordinary shares, SCPLC currently also holds an aggregate of 6,250 non-cumulative 
preference shares (2,500 non-cumulative class B tier-1 preference shares for USD500,000,000 and 
3,750 non-cumulative class C tier-1 preference shares for SGD750,000,000). 
SCBSL has an optional call date on the non-cumulative redeemable Class B and Class C preference 
shares from 12 April 2026 and 3 October 2024 respectively. The non-cumulative redeemable 
preference shares qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital of SCBSL. 
SCBSL is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of SCPLC and its registered office is situated at 8 
Marina Boulevard, #27-01 Marina Bay Financial Centre, Singapore 018981 with its website at 
www.sc.com/sg. 
SCBSL was accorded enhanced Significantly Rooted Foreign Bank ("SRFB") privileges by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore in December 2020. 
SCBSL is the first domestic systemically important bank to incorporate all its businesses in Singapore, 
and the largest foreign banking subsidiary with a US$80 billion balance sheet backed by US$6 billion 
of capital. Singapore continues to be an important operational hub for SCBSL's global business, 
technology, operations and innovation. SCBSL will continue to build own technological capabilities in 
Singapore, including cloud, cyber security, technology governance and infrastructure. 
On 1 September 2021, SCBSL took the first step to form an ASEAN hub with Standard Chartered 
Bank (Malaysia) Berhad ("SCB Malaysia"). SCB Malaysia became a wholly owned subsidiary of 
SCBSL. The formation of the Singapore-based ASEAN corporate entity hub was subsequently 
completed following the transfers of Standard Chartered Bank (Thai) Public Company Limited and 
Standard Chartered Bank (Vietnam) Limited to SCBSL on 1 November 2021 and 1 December 2021 
respectively. 
The Group to which SCBSL belongs is an international banking and financial services group 
particularly focused on the markets of Asia, Africa and the Middle East. As of 30 December 2021, the 
Group had more than 81,000 employees across 59 markets. 
As far as the Directors are aware, no shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting 
together, owns enough shares of SCPLC's ordinary shares to directly or indirectly exercise control 
over SCPLC. 
SCBSL is licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore as a bank with qualifying full bank 
privileges to engage in banking business in Singapore. The Group employs around 10,000 people in 
Singapore and has a network of 13 branches, including 4 priority banking centres, 1 International 
Banking and Priority Private Centre and 23 ATMs (as of April 2022).

--- Page 121 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (SINGAPORE) LIMITED 
 
 
121 
 
 
In January 2021, the Group streamlined its organisation by integrating its existing business units into 
two new segments: Corporate, Commercial & Institutional Banking (CCIB); and Consumer, Private 
and Business Banking (CPBB).  
The creation of the CCIB segment, brings together Corporate & Institutional Banking and Commercial 
Banking. It will simplify the way the Group works globally by maintaining its unique local client focus 
supported by a more agile organisation on the ground and a single team to partner with its clients and 
other stakeholders.  
The Group's Retail and Private Banking units are now CPBB. The change will help its retail 
businesses deliver its services more effectively to its clients by having a networked global approach 
while building upon its distinct local competitive advantages. 
The Group has also streamlined its four international regions. Its new Asia region (made up of its 
former Greater China & North Asia and ASEAN & South Asia regions) will allow the Group to make 
the most of regional opportunities and deliver its services more effectively across the different Asian 
markets.  
The Group's other regions, Africa & the Middle East and Europe & Americas, will remain as before, 
with Europe & Americas being more closely integrated with the new CCIB business unit. 
Hub Board of Directors 
The Directors of SCBSL and their respective principal outside activities (if any and where significant to 
SCBSL), are as follows: 
Name of Directors 
Designation 
Benjamin Hung Pi-Cheng 
Chairman and Non-Executive Director1 
Patrick Lee Fook Yau 
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director1 
Viswanathan Ramachandran 
Non-Executive Director1 
Koh Kok Yu Daniel 
Non-Executive Director1 
Gu Chenwei 
Independent Non-Executive Director1 
Low Lily 
Independent Non-Executive Director1 
Kevin Kwok Khien 
Independent Non-Executive Director1 
Liew Yun Chong Agnes 
Independent Non-Executive Director1 
1 
The business address should be regarded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus as 8 Marina Boulevard, #27-01 
Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 1, Singapore 018981. 
To the best knowledge and belief of SCBSL, there are no existing conflicts of interest between any 
duties of the Directors named above owed to SCBSL and their private interests and/or other duties 
which would require disclosure in this Base Prospectus.  SCBSL has a control process in place for the 
purposes of avoiding potential conflicts of interest, as and when they may arise, between any duties 
of the Directors named above to SCBSL and their private interests and/or other duties. To the best 
knowledge and belief of SCBSL, there are no such potential conflicts of interest which would require 
disclosure in this Base Prospectus. 
Hub Audit Committee 
 
Name of Directors 
Board Membership 
Membership

--- Page 122 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (SINGAPORE) LIMITED 
 
 
122 
 
 
Kevin Kwok Khien 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Chairman 
Low Lily 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Member 
Liew Yun Chong Agnes 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Member 
Viswanathan Ramachandran 
Non-Executive Director 
Member 
The Audit Committee's primary responsibility is to review and monitor the integrity of SCBSL's annual 
audited financial statements and to report to the Board on any significant financial reporting issues 
and judgments which they contain having regard to matters communicated to the Audit Committee by 
the auditors. The Audit Committee also reviews, on behalf of the Board, (i) SCBSL's internal financial 
controls to identify, assess, manage and monitor financial risks and (ii) SCBSL's internal control 
systems. 
Hub Board Risk Committee 
 
Name of Directors 
Board Membership 
Membership 
Viswanathan Ramachandran 
Non-Executive Director 
Chairman 
Liew Yun Chong Agnes 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Member 
Gu Chenwei 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
Member 
Koh Kok Yu Daniel  
Non-Executive Director 
Member 
The Board of SCBSL has established a Board Risk Committee (the "BRC") on 25 September 2018. 
The primary responsibility of the BRC is to exercise oversight on behalf of the Board on the overall 
risk appetite, risk management strategy and risk management frameworks; overseeing 
implementation thereof by senior management and acting as the risk committee of SCBSL in 
accordance with the regulations and policies as may be required by the regulator. The BRC also 
reviews and makes recommendations to the Board on the SCBSL's Risk Appetite Statement and 
Enterprise Risk Management Framework (including implementation thereof). 
SCBSL Share Capital 
The amount of SCBSL's share capital as of 31 December 2021, as derived from its audited financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2021, is as follows: 
 
 
Issued and fully paid
 
31 December 2021
SGD '000 
Ordinary shares ..................................................................................  
7,690,429 
Non-cumulative redeemable preference shares ..................................  
1,431,209 
All shares are fully paid, with no par value. 
Corporate Governance 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, SCBSL complies with the laws and regulations of Singapore 
regarding corporate governance. 
Constitution 
Clause 3 of SCBSL's Constitution provides that, subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 
and any other written law, SCBSL has full capacity to carry on or undertake any business or activity, 
do any act or enter into any transaction with full rights, powers and privileges.  Article 4 of SCBSL's 
Constitution empowers SCBSL's Directors to undertake any business which SCBSL is expressly or by 
implication empowered to undertake.

--- Page 123 ---
DESCRIPTION OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK (SINGAPORE) LIMITED 
 
 
123 
 
 
Information on how to obtain a copy of SCBSL's Constitution is set out on page 721.

--- Page 124 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
 
124 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be either issued in bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached 
("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form, without interest coupons attached ("Registered Notes"). 
Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S") and Registered Notes will be issued either outside the United States to persons 
who are not U.S. persons in reliance on the registration safe harbour provided by Regulation S, or 
within the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act ("QIBs") in private transactions meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or pursuant to 
another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary bearer global note (a 
"Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a permanent 
bearer global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note", and a "Bearer Global Note" means a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note or a Permanent Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common 
Depositary") for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes 
due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made against presentation of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who 
have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) 
to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same 
Series of Bearer Notes or (ii) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, 
receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms), in each case, against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless 
such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be 
entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange 
Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in 
a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as 
the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note without any requirement for certification. For 
the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Bearer Global Note, the relevant place of 
presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of "Payment Day" set out in Condition  5(g) of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, 
interest coupons and talons attached upon either (i) not less than 60 days' written notice from 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (ii) the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as 
defined in Condition  9 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or

--- Page 125 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
 
125 
 
 
have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive bearer form. The relevant Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition  16 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange 
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant 
Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. If a Bearer Global 
Note is exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes at the option of Noteholders, the Notes shall be 
tradable only in nominal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination. 
Temporary Bearer Global Notes, Permanent Bearer Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes will be 
issued pursuant to the Notes Agency Agreement. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Bearer Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes 
where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and on all receipts and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 
165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital 
gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
such Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
Registered Notes  
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold to 
persons outside the United States who are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S ("Regulation 
S Notes"), will initially be represented by either: 
(i) 
a permanent registered global certificate (a "Regulation S Global Note") representing 
Regulation S Notes of the same Series or Tranche issued by the relevant Issuer and 
registered in the name of a nominee for Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other 
applicable clearing system; or 
(ii) 
one or more individual registered certificates delivered outside any clearing system, each 
representing one or more Regulation S Notes of the same Series or Tranche issued by the 
relevant Issuer and, save as provided in the conditions of the Notes, comprising the entire 
holding by a Noteholder of his Registered Notes of that Series or Tranche (each a 
"Regulation S Definitive Registered Note"). 
Where a further Tranche of Registered Notes is issued following the first Tranche of a Series of 
Notes, interests of holders in the Regulation S Global Note representing such further Tranche (the 
"Tranche Global Note") will be exchanged for interests in the Regulation S Global Note issued in 
respect of the first Tranche of the Series on or after the Exchange Date specified in the Tranche 
Global Note. 
Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each 
Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note or Regulation S Definitive

--- Page 126 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
 
126 
 
 
Registered Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as 
otherwise provided in Condition  2 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes and (in respect 
of beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes) may not be held otherwise than through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and such Regulation S Global Note and Regulation S 
Definitive Registered Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. 
persons in private transactions to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act ("QIBs") ("Rule 144A Notes"). The Rule 144A Notes will initially be 
represented by a permanent registered global certificate (a "Rule 144A Global Note" and, together 
with a Regulation S Global Note, the "Registered Global Notes"). 
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of, Depository Trust Company ("DTC") for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a 
common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as 
the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of (in the 
case of Regulation S Global Notes) Regulation S Definitive Registered Notes or (in the case of Rule 
144A Global Notes) one or more individual registered certificates delivered outside any clearing 
system, each representing one or more Rule 144A Notes of the same Series or Tranche issued by the 
relevant Issuer and, save as provided in the conditions of the Notes, comprising the entire holding by 
a Noteholder of his Registered Notes of that Series or Tranche of Definitive Registered Notes ("Rule 
144A Definitive Registered Notes" and together with Regulation S Definitive Registered Notes, 
"Definitive Registered Notes"). 
The Rule 144A Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth in the Rule 144A 
Global Note and Rule 144A Definitive Registered Notes, which will each bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions. Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as 
defined in Condition  5(d) of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes) as the registered holder 
of the Registered Notes. Neither Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Registrar will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Registered Global Note will be made to, or to the order of, the person whose name 
is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately 
prior to the date for payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday 
inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Definitive Registered Notes will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition  5(d) of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for Definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee 
for DTC, either DTC has notified the relevant Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as 
depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to 
constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and no alternative clearing system is 
available, (iii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently 
to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is 
available or (iv) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which 
would not be suffered were the Notes represented by Definitive Registered Notes. The relevant Issuer

--- Page 127 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
 
127 
 
 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition  16 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange 
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iv) above, the relevant 
Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note. No 
beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in each case, to the extent applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Notes Agency Agreement (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes), the Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes 
of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP 
and CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to 
Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is 
for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the 
registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer and its 
agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of the relevant Global Note, and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or 
such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes 
represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Notes Agency Agreement and 
such Notes except to the extent that, in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures, any 
ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition  9 of 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any Note is still 
represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and 
repayable in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of 
the amount due or delivery of any Asset Amount has not been made in accordance with the 
provisions of the Global Note, then holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts 
with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, will become

--- Page 128 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
 
128 
 
 
entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided 
by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC on and subject to the terms of, in the case of SCB, 
a deed of covenant given by SCB and dated 12 July 2016 (such deed of covenant as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "SCB Notes Deed of Covenant"), in the case of 
SCBHK, a deed of covenant given by SCBHK and dated 12 July 2016 (such deed of covenant as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "SCBHK Notes Deed of 
Covenant") and in the case of SCBSL, a deed of covenant given by SCBSL and dated on or around 
11 July 2018 (such deed of covenant as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "SCBSL Notes Deed of Covenant" and, together with the SCB Notes Deed of Covenant 
and the SCBHK Notes Deed of Covenant, the "Notes Deeds of Covenant"). In addition, holders of 
interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver 
Definitive Registered Notes in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in 
accordance with DTC's standard operating procedures. 
Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes. 
Regulation S Global Notes, Rule 144A Global Notes and Definitive Registered Notes will be issued 
pursuant to the Notes Agency Agreement.

--- Page 129 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
129 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Warrants issued 
under the Programme. 
Final Terms dated [Date] 
[Standard Chartered Bank/Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打銀行 (香港) 有限
公司/Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (registration number 201224747C)] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[RILFO74KP1CM8P6PCT96/X5AV1MBDXGRPX5UGMX13/549300MDYVVHJ8D1DW28] 
Issue of [Aggregate Number of Tranche] [Title of Warrants] 
under the U.S.$15,000,000,000 
Notes, Certificates and Warrants Programme 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Warrants may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 
of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Manager has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Warrants in 
any other circumstances. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –[After []],]3 [T/t]he Warrants are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such date,] should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA [has been prepared/will be published or updated after such date] and 
therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA [after such date] may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [After [],]5 [T/t]he Warrants are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such date,] should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
                                                   
3  
This date reference should not be included in Final Terms unless a date is specified in item  6 of Part B below. 
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" products, and no key 
information document will be prepared (where applicable, after the specified date), or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to 
EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
5  
This date reference should not be included in the Final Terms unless a date is specified in item  6 of  Part B below.

--- Page 130 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
130 
 
 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK [has been prepared/will 
be published or updated after such date] and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK [after such date] may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – 
The Warrants shall be (A) capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
(B) Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] [Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore – The Warrants shall be (A) prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (B) Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]7 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2022[, as supplemented by 
[a] supplement[s] dated []] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus"), which comprises a base prospectus 
in respect of the Warrants and the Issuer for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Warrants described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. [A summary of the Warrants is annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base 
Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be obtained from the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [10 July 2013] [3 July 2014] [2 July 
2015] [12 July 2016] [12 July 2017] [11 July 2018] [11 July 2019][10 July 2020][9 July 2021][, as 
supplemented by [a] supplement[s] dated []] ([together,] the "Original Base Prospectus") which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2022. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Warrants described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[]] which ([together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the "Base Prospectus"), including the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the 
Warrants, is annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are 
available for viewing and copies may be obtained from the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
The "Terms and Conditions" applicable to the Warrants are the General Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants described above as amended and/or supplemented by the relevant Product Terms 
specified below (in each case, as set out in the [Original] Base Prospectus), such Terms and 
Conditions as completed by these Final Terms, the "Conditions". 
                                                   
6  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any 
other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
7  
Applicable legend to be included if the Warrants are to be sold to Singapore investors. Relevant Person(s) (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the 
Issuer prior to an offer of Warrants in Singapore, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 131 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
131 
 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Standard Chartered Bank, [acting through its 
principal office in London]/[acting through its 
Specified Branch]] / [Standard Chartered Bank 
(Hong Kong) Limited]/[Standard Chartered Bank 
(Singapore) Limited] 
(ii) 
Specified Branch: 
Not Applicable 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Warrants will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Warrants 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a single Series with [identify 
earlier Tranche(s)] on the Issue Date] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Number of Warrants being issued: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per [Warrant/Unit] 
6. 
Units: 
[Not Applicable] / [Warrants must be exercised in 
Units. Each Unit consists of [100/[]] Warrants]  
 
(N.B. This is in addition to any requirements 
relating to "Minimum Exercise Number" or 
"Maximum Exercise Number" set out below and 
Units must be expressed as a number of 
Warrants) 
7. 
Minimum Transferable Number: 
[Not Applicable] / [Integral Multiples of []] 
8. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
9. 
Description of Warrants: 
[Equity Linked Warrants] / [Market Access Product 
Warrants] 
10. 
Product Terms: 
Equity and Market Access Product Terms: 
Applicable  
 
[Market Access Product Terms: Applicable] 
 
(further details specified in item  14 below) 
11. 
Exercise Style of Warrants: 
[American Style/Bermudan Style/European Style] 
12. 
Type of Warrants:  
[Put/Call] 
13. 
Date Board (or similar) approval for 
issuance of Warrants obtained:  
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar)

--- Page 132 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
132 
 
 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Warrants) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PRODUCT TERMS 
14. 
Equity and Market Access Product 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Whether the Warrants relate to 
a basket of equity securities, a 
basket of exchange traded fund 
securities, 
a 
basket 
of 
depositary receipt securities, a 
single equity security, a single 
exchange traded fund security, 
a 
single 
depositary 
receipt 
security (each, an "Underlying 
Asset"), a basket of indices or a 
single index, (each, an "Index") 
and the identity of the relevant 
issuer(s) 
of 
the 
Underlying 
Asset(s) 
(each, 
an 
"Asset 
Issuer") or identity of the 
relevant 
Index/Indices 
and 
details of the relevant sponsors 
(each, a "Sponsor"): 
[Basket of Underlying Assets/Single Underlying 
Asset/Basket of Indices/Single Index] 
[Specify each Underlying Asset/Asset Issuer and 
Index/Index Sponsor] 
 [[] is an ETF Security] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset) 
[[] is a Depositary Receipt Security and 
[Full/Partial] Lookthrough applies] (Specify for 
each relevant Underlying Asset) 
[[] is a Multi-Exchange Index] (Specify for each 
relevant Index) 
(ii) 
Multiplier: 
[Specify the multiplier for each Underlying 
Asset/Index in the basket] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time] / [] / [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Exchange: 
[] / [Principal Exchanges] (Specify for each 
relevant Underlying Asset/Index. N.B.: Principal 
Exchanges only relates to Multi-Exchange Indices) 
(N.B: The Exchange for any Underlying Asset 
must 
be 
a 
"regulated, 
regularly 
operating, 
recognised open market") 
(If Additional Provisions for Underlying Assets 
traded through the China Connect Service are 
specified as Applicable for an Underlying Asset, 
the Exchange for such Underlying Asset must be 
the 
Shanghai 
Stock 
Exchange 
and/or 
the 
Shenzhen Stock Exchange)  
(vi) 
Related Exchange: 
[] / [All Exchanges] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset/Index) 
(vii) 
Potential Adjustment Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(viii) 
De-listing, 
Merger 
Event, 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 133 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
133 
 
 
Nationalisation and Insolvency: 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(ix) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(x) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
 
(a) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(c) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants are 
cash settled only or relate to a single Index or a 
basket of Indices) 
(d) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Loss of Stock Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(f) 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Stock Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(g) 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
ETF Fund Termination Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable here warrants relate to 
Underlying Assets which are ETF Securities) 
(xii) 
Underlying Share Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(N.B. Only applicable where the Underlying Assets 
are Depositary Receipt Securities) 
(xiii) 
Force Majeure Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[[]/[[As specified in paragraph  3 of the Equity and 
Market Access Product Terms]] 
(b) 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event:  
[Specify] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 134 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
134 
 
 
(c) 
Market 
Disruption 
Event prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Relevant 
Adjustment 
Event prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Underlying 
Assets 
traded 
through the China Connect 
Service: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of []] 
(If the Warrants relate to more than one 
Underlying Asset, specify the Underlying Asset(s) 
to which these provisions relate) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
 
- 
China Connect Share 
Disqualification: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
China Connect Service 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
INTERIM PAYMENTS 
15. 
Interim Payments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable only in relation to Market Access 
Product Warrants that relate to a single Underlying 
Asset or a Basket of Underlying Assets. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interim Payment Date: 
[As specified in the Market Access Product 
Terms/The [] Business Day following the date on 
which the relevant Applicable Cash Dividend 
Amount is received by a Qualified Investor entitled 
to receive it/[]] 
(ii) 
Applicable 
Cash 
Dividend 
Failure Date: 
[As specified in the Market Access Product 
Terms/The 
[] 
day 
after 
the 
[Exercise 
Date/earliest of any Actual Exercise Date and the 
Expiration Date]/[]] 
(iii) 
Dividend Percentage: 
[10 per cent./Specify other] 
(iv) 
Dividend Start Date: 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EXERCISE AND SETTLEMENT 
16. 
Settlement Date: 
[In relation to an Actual Exercise Date,] (N.B. 
Insert for American Style Warrants or Bermudan 
Style Warrants)[, the/The] [fifth/[]] Business Day 
following [the [last occurring] [Averaging/Valuation] 
Date/the last day of the Final Execution Period]

--- Page 135 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
135 
 
 
17. 
Exercise Date:  
[Not Applicable] / [[], provided that, if such date is 
not an Exercise Business Day, the Exercise Date 
shall be the immediately [preceding/succeeding] 
Exercise Business Day] 
 
(Applicable only in the case of European Style 
Warrants) 
18. 
(i) 
Exercise Period: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Exercise Period in respect 
of the Warrants is from (and including) [] to (and 
including) [][, or if [] is not an Exercise Business 
Day, 
the 
immediately 
succeeding 
Exercise 
Business Day]]  
 
(Applicable only in the case of American Style 
Warrants) 
(ii) 
Potential Exercise Dates: 
[Not Applicable] / [[][, or if any such date is not an 
Exercise 
Business 
Day, 
the 
immediately 
succeeding Exercise Business Day]] 
 
(Applicable only in the case of Bermudan Style 
Warrants) 
19. 
Automatic Exercise in the case of 
American Style Warrants or Bermudan 
Style Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Specify "Applicable" only in the case of American 
Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants. 
Specify "Not Applicable" only in the case of 
European Style Warrants as this item does not 
apply to European Style Warrants) 
(Specify "Applicable" for American Style Warrants 
or Bermudan Style Warrants which are to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin) 
20. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[] [and Warrants may only be exercised in 
integral multiples of [] Warrants in excess 
thereof]  
 
(Applicable only in the case of American Style 
Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants) 
21. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[] 
 
(Applicable only in the case of American Style 
Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants) 
TYPE OF SETTLEMENT 
22. 
Type of Settlement: 
 
(i) 
Whether 
settlement 
of 
the 
Warrants will be by (a) Cash 
Settlement, 
(b) 
Physical 
Delivery or (c) Cash Settlement 
Cash Settlement[, subject to Physical Election, in 
which case, Physical Delivery shall be applicable]

--- Page 136 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
136 
 
 
and/or Physical Delivery and 
whether Variation of Settlement 
applies: 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Issuer has the 
option to vary settlement in respect of the 
Warrants and, if the Issuer elects to exercise its 
option 
to 
vary 
settlement, 
the 
[Cash 
Settlement][Physical Settlement] provisions will 
then apply] (Where the Issuer has the option to 
vary settlement then provisions relating to the 
Settlement Amount and the Asset Amount should 
each be completed below) 
(iii) 
Cash Settlement: 
 
(a) 
Settlement Amount: 
[As defined in the General Terms and Conditions] / 
[As defined in the Market Access Product Terms] 
 
[The Warrants are Alternate MAP Securities] 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
[currency][0.0001] / [] / [The Warrants are "Zero 
Strike" Warrants] 
(c) 
Execution Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Initial Reference Price: [Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(Only applicable if the Warrants are Alternate MAP 
Securities) 
(d) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Warrants 
[The Averaging Dates are []] 
(e) 
Valuation Date: 
[Actual Exercise Date] / [] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Reference Price: 
[Actual/Market/As defined in Equity and Market 
Access Product Terms] 
(g) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Actual/Market/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Market, specify the Relevant Screen Page) 
 
[The Relevant Screen Page is []] 
(h) 
Specified Percentage: 
[[] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Physical Delivery Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant Assets: 
[Specify, including Tradable Amounts] 
(b) 
Asset Amount: 
[Specify] 
(c) 
Cut-off Date: 
[] 
(d) 
Adjustment 
for 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 137 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
137 
 
 
Hedging 
Costs 
in 
relation to Disruption 
Cash 
Settlement 
Price: 
(N.B. This relates to the payment of Hedging 
Costs when determining the Disruption Cash 
Settlement Price following a Settlement Disruption 
Event only) 
PAYMENTS 
23. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][Specify]/give details] 
 
(Note that this item relates to the place of 
payment) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WARRANTS 
24. 
Form of Warrants: 
Registered Form: [Regulation S Global W&C 
Security/Unitary 
Global 
W&C 
Security. 
The 
Warrants are eligible for sale in the United States 
to QIBs] 
25. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Standard Chartered Bank of 1 Basinghall Avenue, 
London EC2V 5DD, United Kingdom] / [Standard 
Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited of 32nd 
Floor, 4-4A Des Voeux Road, Central Hong Kong] 
/ [Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited of 
8 Marina Boulevard, #27-01. Marina Bay Financial 
Centre Tower 1, 018981, Singapore] / [] 
26. 
Business Centre(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(Note that this item relates to Business Days) 
27. 
Additional Provisions for Use with an 
Indian Underlying Asset/Index: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
28. 
Additional Provisions for Use with a 
Taiwan Underlying Asset/Index: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
29. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Other 
Jurisdictions: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
30. 
Correction Period for the purpose of 
Condition  18 (Corrections): 
[At 
any 
time][Specify][In 
accordance 
with 
Condition  18 (Corrections)] 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Final Terms. [[] has been 
extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [Standard Chartered Bank / Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打
銀行 (香港) 有限公司/[Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited]: 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 138 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
138 
 
 
PART B– OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
Euronext Dublin 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Warrants to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin with effect from [the Issue 
Date]/[]] 
 
[Warrants of the same Series have been 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin with effect from []] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that the original Warrants are already admitted to 
trading) 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the Manager,/ Not 
applicable:] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Warrants has 
an interest material to the offer.] 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests. Where adding any other description, 
consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute "significant 
new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus] 
[The 
Warrants 
are 
specified 
as 
being 
["Sustainability Bonds"]/["Green Bonds"]/["Social 
Bonds"] and an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from the issuance of the Warrants will be used as 
described in "Use of Proceeds – ESG Bonds" in 
the Base Prospectus.] [[] (if reasons for the offer 
are different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details)] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
4. 
PERFORMANCE OF REFERENCE ITEM(S) OR BASKET OF REFERENCEITEM(S), 
EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS 
AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE/EACH REFERENCE ITEM(Equity Linked 
Warrants only) 
[Need to include details of [the/each] [company/fund/depositary] issuing the [equity 
securities/exchange traded fund securities/depositary receipt securities], any security 
identification number of [the/each] [equity security/fund/depositary receipt security], where 
pricing information about [the/each] [equity security/exchange traded fund security/depositary 
receipt security] is available, the relevant weighting of each [equity security/exchange traded

--- Page 139 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
139 
 
 
fund security/depositary receipt security] within a basket of [equity securities/exchange traded 
fund securities/depositary receipt securities] (if relevant) and where past and future 
performance 
and 
volatility 
of 
[the/each] 
[equity 
security/exchange 
traded 
fund 
security/depositary receipt security] can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not 
it can be obtained free of charge] 
[Need to include details of [the/each] index, where pricing information about [the /each] index 
is available, the relevant weighting of each index within a basket of indices (if relevant) and 
where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] index can be obtained. Include 
details of where information about [the/each] index can be obtained by electronic means and 
whether or not it can be obtained free of charge] 
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See / [include code]8, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See / [include code]9, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Available") 
(v) 
Applicable 
code 
under 
any 
clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking S.A.: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Cut-off Time for any clearing 
system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking S.A.: 
[Not Applicable/give time and applicable time 
zone] 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
                                                   
8  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
9  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 140 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
140 
 
 
(ix) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Warrant Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
Names [and addresses] of any 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses] of 
entities having a dealer/underwriting role in 
respect of the initial subscription of the Warrants] 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue without 
a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers. 
Terms of appointment to be agreed with the 
relevant Issuer and set out in a purchase 
agreement or other subscription agreement) 
(iii) 
Date of Purchase Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/insert date] 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – [at all times/only 
after [specify date]]] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" 
products 
or 
the 
Warrants 
do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Warrants 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified. Specify a date if 
a key information document will be prepared and 
the Warrants may be sold to EEA Retail Investors 
only up to a certain specified date) 
("Applicable – at all times" should be specified for 
sales outside the EEA to ensure there are no 
'flow-back' sales) 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[ – at all times/only 
after [specify date]]] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" 
products 
or 
the 
Warrants 
do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
Specify a date if a key information document will 
be prepared and the Warrants may be sold to UK 
Retail Investors only up to a certain specified 
date) 
("Applicable – at all times" should be specified for

--- Page 141 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
141 
 
 
sales outside the UK to ensure there are no 'flow-
back' sales) 
(vi) 
Additional U.S. federal income 
tax consequences: 
[The Warrants are [not] Specified Securities for 
the purposes of Section 871(m).] (The Warrants 
will not be Specified Securities if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities. If the Warrants reference a U.S. equity 
or an index that contains a component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities, further analysis will be 
required) [Based on market conditions on the 
date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has made a 
preliminary determination that the Warrants are 
[not] Specified Securities for purposes of Section 
871(m). This is a preliminary determination only 
that is subject to change based on market 
conditions on the Issue Date. If the Issuer's final 
determination is different then it will give notice of 
such 
determination.] 
[Please 
contact 
[give 
name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for 
further information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to the Warrants.] 
7. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)

--- Page 142 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
142 
 
 
[SUMMARY 
[include issue specific summary, if required]]

--- Page 143 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
143 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
Final Terms dated [Date] 
[Standard Chartered Bank/Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打銀行 (香港) 有限
公司/Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (registration number 201224747C)] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[RILFO74KP1CM8P6PCT96/X5AV1MBDXGRPX5UGMX13/549300MDYVVHJ8D1DW28] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$15,000,000,000 
Notes, Certificates and Warrants Programme 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 
of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Manager has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any 
other circumstances. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [After []],]10 [T/t]he Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such date,] should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA [has been prepared/will be published or updated after such date] and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA [after 
such date] may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]11 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [After [],]12 [T/t]he Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such date,] should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
                                                   
10  
This date reference should not be included in Final Terms unless a date is specified in item  10 of Part B below. 
11  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products, and no key 
information document will be prepared (where applicable, after the specified date), or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to 
EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
12  
This date reference should not be included in Final Terms unless a date is specified in item  10 of  Part B below.

--- Page 144 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
144 
 
 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK [has been prepared/will be 
published or updated after such date] and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK [after such date] may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]13 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – The Notes shall be (A) capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (B) Specified Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] [Notification under Section 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the "SFA") – The Notes shall be (A) prescribed capital markets products (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (B) 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]14 
[Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the Banking Act 
1970 of Singapore – (A) the place of booking of the issue is []15; (B) the branch or office of the 
Issuer at which the issue is booked is not subject to regulation or supervision in Singapore; and (C) 
repayment under the Notes is not secured by any means.]16 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2022[, as supplemented by [a] 
supplement[s] dated []] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus"), which comprises a base prospectus in 
respect of the Notes and the Issuer for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing and 
copies 
may 
be 
obtained 
from 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [10 July 2013] [3 July 2014] [2 July 
2015] [12 July 2016] [12 July 2017] [11 July 2018] [11 July 2019] [10 July 2020] [9 July 2021][, as 
supplemented by [a] supplement[s] dated []] ([together,] the "Original Base Prospectus") which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2022. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated []] 
which ([together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
"Base Prospectus"), including the Terms and Conditions of the Notes incorporated by reference in 
                                                   
13  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
14  
Applicable legend to be included if the Notes are to be sold to Singapore investors. Relevant Person(s) (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the 
Issuer prior to an offer of Notes in Singapore, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.  
15 
E.g. the place of the office or branch of the relevant Issuer through which the Notes are issued. 
16  
Legend to be included where the Notes are issued by the relevant Issuer (other than through SCBSL) in Singapore dollars 
and with a denomination of less than SGD200,000, even if the Notes are not deposits.

--- Page 145 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
145 
 
 
the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and these 
Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be obtained from the website of Euronext 
Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
The "Terms and Conditions" applicable to the Notes are the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes described above [as amended and/or supplemented by the relevant Product Terms specified 
below] ([in each case,] as set out in the [Original] Base Prospectus), such Terms and Conditions as 
completed by these Final Terms, the "Conditions". 
[Include the next paragraph if the Final Terms is drafted for Notes that are intended to be "qualifying 
debt securities" under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore and/or for all Notes issued by SCBSL 
(which, unless otherwise agreed, shall be qualifying debt securities): 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from 
any Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in 
Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available (subject to 
certain conditions) for "qualifying debt securities" under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (the 
"Income Tax Act") shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of 
such person's operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose 
interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Notes 
is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a 
return of income made under the Income Tax Act. For further details, please refer to the section 
entitled "Taxation of Securities — Singapore Taxation" in the Base Prospectus.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Standard Chartered Bank, [acting through its 
principal office in London]/[acting through its 
Specified Branch]] / [Standard Chartered Bank 
(Hong Kong) Limited] / [Standard Chartered Bank 
(Singapore) Limited] 
(ii) 
Specified Branch: 
[Not Applicable/Dubai International Financial 
Centre/New York] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes will be consolidated 
and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranche(s)] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note, as referred to in 
item  30 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about []/the date after the end of the Distribution 
Compliance Period, which is expected to occur 
on or about [insert 41st calendar day after Issue 
Date of Tranche]]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] / [The Notes are Alternate Currency Notes: 
 
Denomination Currency: 
[] 
 
Payment Currency: 
[]] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 146 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
146 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)]] / [[] 
per Unit] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations:  
[[€]100,000 and integral multiples of [€][1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€][199,000]. 
No notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€][199,000]] / [] 
 
(N.B. Minimum denomination of €100,000 (or 
equivalent) as at the date of admission to trading 
on a European Economic Area exchange is 
required)  
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
insert 
the 
highest 
common factor. N.B. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
(iii) 
Unit: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable: 
each 
Unit 
shall 
comprise [[] in nominal amount of the Notes/the 
Specified Denomination] (N.B. Minimum nominal 
amount of €100,000 (or equivalent) as at the date 
of admission to trading on a European Economic 
Area exchange is required and must be a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount)] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date:  
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/Not Applicable/[]] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate — [Specify date]] 
 
[Floating rate — Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to [Specify month]] 
 
[EMAP Securities — [] or, if later, the [] 
Business Day following the [[last occurring] 
[Averaging/Valuation] Date] / [last day of the Final 
Execution Period]] [, subject as provided in the 
definition of Physical Election] 
 
[Credit Linked Securities — [Specify date] / 
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[Specify month]] 
 
[[Specify date][, adjusted in accordance with 
[Specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
[[[] Business Days after] [t/T]he final Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(Where the Notes are Floating Rate Notes for 
which ISDA Determination applies and the 
Compounding Method is specified to be "OIS

--- Page 147 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
147 
 
 
Compounding", specify "Floating Rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [Specify 
month]") 
9. 
Description of Notes: 
[Fixed Rate Notes] [Floating Rate Notes] [Zero 
Coupon Notes] [Non-interest bearing Notes] [and] 
[Equity Linked Notes] [Credit Linked Notes] 
[Currency Linked Notes] [As specified below/Not 
Applicable] (Specify one or more of the above, as 
applicable) 
10. 
Product Terms: 
[Equity and Market Access Product Terms: 
Applicable (and the Notes are [Reverse] SCEEN 
Notes)] 
 
(further details specified in item  15 [and item  23] 
below)]  
 
[Currency Terms: Applicable 
(further details specified in item  16 below)] 
 
[Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version): Applicable (further details 
specified in item  26 below)] 
 
[Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version): Applicable (further details 
specified in item  27 below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes which are also [Range Accrual 
Notes] [FX Performance Interest Notes]] 
 
[[] 
[month/year] 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR] 
[x[Insert 
Multiplier]] [+/- [] per cent. per annum] Floating 
Rate] 
[Floating Rate Notes which are also [Range 
Accrual Notes] [FX Performance Interest Notes]] 
[The CMS [Spread] Rate [x[Insert Multiplier]] [+/- 
[] per cent. per annum]] 
 
[converted into the Payment Currency] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
[Non-interest bearing] 
 
[(further particulars specified in item [ 17/ 18/ 19] 
below)] 
12. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] [if Conditions to Settlement 
are not satisfied] [if a Credit Event Determination 
Date has not occurred] 
 
[Redemption at [] per cent.]  
 
[converted into the Payment Currency] 
 
(further particulars specified in item [ 25/ 26/ 27] 
below) 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[SCEEN Notes]  
 
[Reverse SCEEN Notes] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified in item [ 21/ 22/ 23] 
below)]

--- Page 148 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
148 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
14. 
Date Board (or similar) approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PRODUCT TERMS 
15. 
Equity and Market Access Product 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
basket of equity securities, a 
basket of exchange traded fund 
securities, 
a 
basket 
of 
depositary receipt securities, a 
single equity security, a single 
exchange traded fund security, 
a 
single 
depositary 
receipt 
security (each an "Underlying 
Asset"), a basket of indices or a 
single index (each, an "Index") 
and the identity of the relevant 
issuer(s) 
of 
the 
Underlying 
Asset(s) 
(each 
an 
"Asset 
Issuer") 
or 
identity 
of 
the 
relevant 
Index/Indices 
and 
details of the relevant sponsors 
(each, a "Sponsor"): 
[Basket of Underlying Assets/Single Underlying 
Asset/Basket of Indices/Single Index] 
[Specify each Underlying Asset/Asset Issuer or 
Index/Sponsor] 
[[] is an ETF Security] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset) 
[[] is a Depositary Receipt Security and 
[Full/Partial] Lookthrough applies] (Specify for 
each relevant Underlying Asset) 
[[] is a Multi-Exchange Index] (Specify for each 
relevant Index) 
(ii) 
Multiplier: 
[Specify the multiplier for each Underlying 
Asset/Index in the basket] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Strike Price: 
[] / [Not Applicable] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset/Index) 
(iv) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time] / [] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Exchange: 
[] / [Principal Exchanges] (Specify for each 
relevant Underlying Asset/Index. N.B.: Principal 
Exchanges 
only 
relates 
to 
Multi-Exchange 
Indices) (N.B. The Exchange for any Underlying 
Asset must be a "regulated, regularly operating, 
recognised open market") 
(If Additional Provisions for Underlying Assets 
traded through the China Connect Service are 
specified as Applicable for an Underlying Asset, 
the Exchange for such Underlying Asset must be 
the Shanghai Stock Exchange and/or the 
Shenzhen Stock Exchange) 
(vii) 
Related Exchange: 
[] / [All Exchanges] (Specify for each relevant

--- Page 149 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
149 
 
 
Underlying Asset/Index)
(viii) 
Potential Adjustment Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(ix) 
De-listing, 
Merger 
Event, 
Nationalisation and Insolvency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(x) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
 
(a) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(c) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes are 
cash settled only or relate to a single Index or a 
basket of Indices) 
(d) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Loss of Stock Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(f) 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Stock Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(g) 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
ETF Fund Termination Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where Notes relate to 
Underlying Assets which are ETF Securities) 
(xiii) 
Force Majeure Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[] / [As specified in paragraph  3 of the Equity 
and Market Access Product Terms]

--- Page 150 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
150 
 
 
(b) 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Market 
Disruption 
Event prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Relevant 
Adjustment 
Event prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Underlying Share Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where the Underlying 
Assets are Depositary Receipt Securities) 
(xv) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Underlying 
Assets 
traded 
through the China Connect 
Service: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of []] 
(If the Notes relate to more than one Underlying 
Asset, specify the Underlying Asset(s) to which 
these provisions relate) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
 
- 
China Connect Share 
Disqualification: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
China Connect Service 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
16. 
Currency Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Alternate Currency Notes or FX 
Performance 
Interest 
Notes 
Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
FX Rate: 
[] [As defined in paragraph [3] of the Currency 
Terms, for which purpose: 
 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Settlement 
Period: 
[Specify] 
[Reference 
Currency Business Days] 
 
 
Price Source: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify]

--- Page 151 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
151 
 
 
 
 
Principal 
Financial Centre: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Initial Reference 
Rate: 
[Specify] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable 
for 
Alternate 
Currency 
Notes) 
(b) 
Interest Amount/Final 
Redemption 
Amount/Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
converted 
into 
Payment Currency: 
By [dividing/multiplying] such amount by the FX 
Rate 
(c) 
Disruption 
Fallback 
Provisions: 
[As set out in paragraph [3] of the Currency 
Terms] / 
[The following Disruption Fallback Provisions 
apply, in the following order: 
[Valuation Postponement] 
[Fallback Reference Price] 
[Fallback Survey Valuation Postponement, for 
which purpose FSVP Number of Reference 
Currency Business Days is []] (Only specify 
following Fallback Reference Price) 
[Calculation Agent Determination]] 
(d) 
Fallback Rate for the 
purposes of Fallback 
Reference Price: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Fallback Rate: [[] / [As defined in paragraph [3] 
of the Currency Terms, for which purpose: 
 
 
Fallback 
Reference 
Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Fallback 
Settlment 
Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Fallback 
Settlement 
Period: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Fallback 
Price 
Source: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Fallback 
[Specify]

--- Page 152 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
152 
 
 
Valuation Time: 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As specified in paragraph [2] of the Currency 
Terms] 
- 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Weighted Average Rate 
as specified in paragraph  1(iv) of the Credit 
Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version)] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[] in each year, commencing on (and including) 
[] up to (and including) [] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[Specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date] / [[] in each year, 
commencing on (and including) [] up to (and 
including) [] [adjusted in accordance with 
[Specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iv) 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[In respect of an Interest Payment Date, [] 
[Business Days/Reference Currency Business 
Days] prior to the relevant [Specified] Interest 
[Period/Payment] Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable in the case of Alternate Currency 
Notes and FX Performance Interest Notes) 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on []] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s))

--- Page 153 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
153 
 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [x Accrual 
Rate] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[Actual/360] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] [x Accrual 
Rate] 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[1/1] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
("Accrual Rate" relevant in relation to Range 
Accrual Notes only) 
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
 
(ix) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Leveraged 
Range 
Accrual: 
[Applicable – for which purpose, Leverage means 
[]]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
RA Rate(s): 
RA Rate [1/2]: [Floating Rate] / [CMS Rate] / 
[CMS Spread Rate] which is [a Screen Rate] [an 
ISDA Rate] determined in accordance with [ISDA 
Determination] / [Screen Rate Determination] 
where: 
(Repeat for RA Rate 1 and RA Rate 2, where 
applicable) 
 
[Insert where RA Rate [1/2] is a Floating Rate, a 
CMS Rate or a CMS Spread Rate determined in 
accordance with Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[CMS Spread Rate [1/2]:] (Include where the RA 
Rate is a CMS Spread Rate and repeat as 
applicable) 
 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity 
[Specify 
and, 
where 
a 
different Designated Maturity 
applies for different Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can be tabulated] 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[]

--- Page 154 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
154 
 
 
 
 
Specified 
Time: 
[] 
in 
[specify 
relevant 
financial centre] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
Benchmark 
Discontinuati
on: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Only 
specify 
Applicable 
where the Reference Rate is 
USD LIBOR)] 
 
[Insert where RA Rate [1/2] is a Floating Rate, a 
CMS Rate or a CMS Spread Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination: 
 
[CMS Spread Rate [1/2]:] (Include where the RA 
Rate is a CMS Spread Rate and repeat as 
applicable) 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Where 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions have 
been reviewed in relation to 
Version 6 dated 27 May 2022 
of the 2021 Definitions. If a 
later 
version 
is 
to 
be 
followed, 
the 
Conditions 
should be reviewed carefully 
to ensure compatibility with 
the 
relevant 
ISDA 
Rate 
before use) 
 
 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions 
are Applicable, ensure that 
this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify 
and, 
where 
a 
different Designated Maturity 
applies for different Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can be tabulated] 
 
 
Business Day 
(for 
the 
purposes 
of 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[] / [As defined in the 
Conditions]]

--- Page 155 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
155 
 
 
(c) 
Scheduled Publication 
Day: 
[Any day on which commercial banks [and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and] are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
[Specify the or each relevant centre]][U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day][A day on 
which the TARGET System is open][]] 
(d) 
Accrual Condition: 
Reference Rate 1 is [[at or above] [above] the 
[respective] Lower Barrier Rate 1] [and] [[at or 
below] [below] the [respective] Upper Barrier Rate 
1] [AND Reference Rate 2 is [[at or above] 
[above] the [respective] Lower Barrier Rate 2] 
[and] [[at or below] [below] the [respective] Upper 
Barrier Rate 2]] (Specify as applicable) 
(e) 
Barrier Rates: 
 
- 
Lower Barrier Rate 1: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage set out for such 
Interest Period in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Lower Barrier Rate 1 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
- Upper Barrier Rate 1: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, as set out for such Interest Period 
in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Upper Barrier Rate 1 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
- Lower Barrier Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, as set out for such Interest Period 
in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Lower Barrier Rate 2 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
- Upper Barrier Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage set out for such 
Interest Period in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Upper Barrier Rate 2 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent.

--- Page 156 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
156 
 
 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
(f) 
Range Accrual Cut-Off 
Observation Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [[] Scheduled Publication 
Days]] immediately preceding the Interest Period 
Date falling at the end of such Interest Period 
18. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[] in each year, commencing on (and including) 
[] up to (and including) [] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[Specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date] / [[] in each year, 
commencing on (and including) [] up to (and 
including) [] [adjusted in accordance with 
[Specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(Where ISDA Determination applies, the 2021 
Definitions are Specified and Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) is the Day Count Fraction, specify No 
Adjustment in order to follow the standard 
position under ISDA) 
 
[For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall only 
accrue to (but excluding) the Final Interest Period 
Date and no interest shall be payable in respect 
of the period from (and including) such Final 
Interest Period Date to (and including) the Final 
Interest Payment Date] 
(Include where the Notes are Floating Rate Notes 
for which ISDA Determination applies and the 
compounding method is specified to be "OIS 
Compounding" 
and 
note 
that 
the 
Interest 
Payment Dates must fall after the Interest Period 
Dates) 
(iii) 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[[] [Business Days/Scheduled Trading Days] 
prior 
to 
the 
relevant 
[Specified] 
Interest 
[Period/Payment] Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable in the case of Alternate Currency 
Notes and FX Performance Interest Notes) 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
/ 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
/ 
[CMS 
Determination] 
/ 
[Compounded Rate Determination] / [Indexed

--- Page 157 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
157 
 
 
Rate Determination]  
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
determining, 
calculating 
and 
notifying the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s): 
[Agent] / [Calculation Agent] / [] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If a specified Reference Rate is applied, 
consideration should be given as to whether the 
fallbacks set out in the Conditions are appropriate 
for such rate) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[currency] [LIBOR / EURIBOR / HIBOR / SIBOR] 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
(c) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[] 
(d) 
Specified Time: 
[] in [specify relevant financial centre] 
(e) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] (Applicable in the case of 
LIBOR (other than Sterling, Euro or USD LIBOR)) 
 
[First London Banking Day of each Interest 
Period] (Applicable in the case of Sterling LIBOR) 
 
[Second London Banking Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] (Applicable in the case of 
USD LIBOR) 
 
[Second TARGET  Settlement Day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] (Applicable in the 
case of Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR) 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] (Applicable in 
the case of HIBOR) 
 
[Second Singapore business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] (Applicable in the case of 
SIBOR) 
(f) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] 
(Only specify Applicable where the Reference 
Rate is USD LIBOR) 
(vii) 
Compounded 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Compounded 
[SONIA / SOFR / €STR / SORA / TONA]]

--- Page 158 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
158 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
(b) 
RFR 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lookback] / [Observation Period Shift] 
(c) 
Lookback/Shift Factor: 
[[] [London Business Days] / [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] / [Singapore Business 
Day] / [Tokyo Business Days] / [TARGET 
Settlement Days] (Specify London Business Days 
for SONIA, U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days for SOFR, TARGET Settlement Days for 
€STR, Singapore Business Days for SORA and 
Tokyo Business Days for TONA. N.B. Must be at 
least three such relevant days to allow clearing 
system payments and may only be less than five 
such relevant days with the prior written consent 
of the Agent)] 
(d) 
Fixing Day: 
[Specify for SONIA: 1 London Business Day 
following the day "i"] / [Specify for SOFR: 1 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following 
the day "i"] / [Specify for €STR: 1 Target 
Settlement Day following the day "i"] / [Specify for 
SORA: 1 Singapore Business Day following the 
day "i"] / [Specify for TONA: 1 Tokyo Business 
Day following the day "i"] 
(e) 
Fixing Time: 
[Specify for SONIA: 9 a.m. London time] / 
[Specify for SOFR: 9 a.m. NewYork City time] / 
[Specify for €STR: 9 a.m. Frankfurt time] / 
[Specify for SORA: 9 a.m. Singapore time] / 
[Specify for TONA: 10 a.m. Tokyo time] 
(f) 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method. If 
Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and 
Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
(viii) 
Indexed Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounded Daily SONIA – 
Index Determination and Compounded Daily 
SOFR – Index Determination. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Rate and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[Compounded Daily SONIA / Compounded Daily 
SOFR] 
(b) 
Relevant Number: 
[] (N.B. Must be at least three to allow clearing 
system payments and may only be less than five 
with the prior written consent of the Agent)

--- Page 159 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
159 
 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions have been reviewed in 
relation to Version 6 dated 27 May 2022 of the 
2021 Definitions. If a later version is to be 
followed, the Conditions should be reviewed 
carefully to ensure compatibility with the relevant 
ISDA Rate before use) 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
Definitions)) 
(c) 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date] / [] 
(d) 
Termination Date: 
[Last occurring Interest Period Date] / [] 
(e) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
(f) 
Reset Date: 
[] / [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business Day Convention]  
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such 
dates, in which case delete the reference to 
Business Day Convention so that relevant ISDA 
fallbacks relating to Business Day Conventions 
will apply) 
(g) 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Business Day (for the 
purposes of the ISDA 
Definitions): 
[] / [As defined in the Conditions] 
(i) 
Minimum ISDA Rate: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Index Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate 
Option and an Index Method. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 160 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
160 
 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be selected if 
the 
2021 
Definitions 
are 
specified)] 
/ 
[Compounded Index Method] / [Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift] / [As 
specified in the [2006] / [2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is to 
be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] / [As specified in the [2006] / 
[2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []]] 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
(k) 
2021 
Definitions 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated Maturity)] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Adjusted 
Temporary 
Non-Publication 
Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify applicable only where the Calculation 
Agent is the Agent) 
(x) 
CMS Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
determined 
by 
reference to: 
[CMS Rate] [CMS Spread Rate] 
(b) 
CMS Rate: 
[Screen Rate] / [ISDA Rate] determined in 
accordance with [ISDA Determination] / [Screen 
Rate Determination] where: 
 
[Insert where CMS Rate is determined in 
accordance with Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[specify] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity 
[Specify and, where a 
different 
Designated 
Maturity 
applies 
for 
different Interest Periods, 
such information can be 
tabulated]

--- Page 161 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
161 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] in [specify relevant 
financial centre] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify]] 
 
[Insert where CMS Rate is determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination: 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] 
[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions 
are 
Applicable, note that the 
Conditions 
have 
been 
reviewed in relation to 
Version 6 dated 27 May 
2022 
of 
the 
2021 
Definitions. 
If 
a 
later 
version is to be followed, 
the Conditions should be 
reviewed 
carefully 
to 
ensure compatibility with 
the relevant ISDA Rate 
before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where 
the 
2021 
Definitions 
are 
Applicable, ensure that 
this is a Floating Rate 
Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined 
in 
the 
2021 
Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify and, where a 
different 
Designated 
Maturity 
applies 
for 
different Interest Periods, 
such information can be 
tabulated] 
 
 
Business 
Day 
(for the purposes 
of 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[] / [As defined in the 
Conditions]] 
(c) 
CMS Spread Rate: 
[CMS Spread Rate [1/2]: [Screen Rate] / [ISDA 
Rate] determined in accordance with [ISDA 
Determination] / [Screen Rate Determination] 
where:

--- Page 162 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
162 
 
 
 
(Repeat for CMS Spread Rate 1 and CMS 
Spread Rate 2) 
 
[Insert where CMS Spread Rate [1/2] is 
determined in accordance with Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[specify] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify and, where a 
different 
Designated 
Maturity 
applies 
for 
different Interest Periods, 
such information can be 
tabulated] 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] in [specify relevant 
financial centre] 
 
[Insert where CMS Spread Rate [1/2] is 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
ISDA 
Determination: 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] 
[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions 
are 
Applicable, note that the 
Conditions 
have 
been 
reviewed in relation to 
Version 6 dated 27 May 
2022 
of 
the 
2021 
Definitions. 
If 
a 
later 
version is to be followed, 
the Conditions should be 
reviewed 
carefully 
to 
ensure compatibility with 
the relevant ISDA Rate 
before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where 
the 
2021 
Definitions 
are 
Applicable, ensure that 
this is a Floating Rate 
Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined 
in 
the 
2021 
Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify and, where a 
different 
Designated 
Maturity 
applies 
for

--- Page 163 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
163 
 
 
different Interest Periods, 
such information can be 
tabulated] 
 
 
Business 
Day 
(for the purposes 
of 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[] / [As defined in the 
Conditions]] 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] (Specify for 
each long/short Interest Period) 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-] 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum/Not 
Applicable/Weighted Average Rate as specified 
in paragraph 1(iv) of the Credit Terms (2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)] 
(xiii) 
Multiplier: 
[] 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [x Accrual 
Rate] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[Actual/360] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] [x Accrual 
Rate] 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
("Accrual Rate" relevant in relation to Range 
Accrual Notes only) 
(xvii) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
RA Rate(s): 
RA Rate [1/2]: [Floating Rate] / [CMS Rate] / 
[CMS Spread Rate] which is [a Screen Rate] [an 
ISDA Rate] determined in accordance with [ISDA 
Determination] / [Screen Rate Determination] 
where: 
(Repeat for RA Rate 1 and RA Rate 2, where 
applicable) 
 
[Insert where RA Rate [1/2] is a Floating Rate, a 
CMS Rate or a CMS Spread Rate determined in 
accordance with Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[CMS Spread Rate [1/2]:] (Include where the RA 
Rate is a CMS Spread Rate and repeat as 
applicable)

--- Page 164 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
164 
 
 
 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify 
and, 
where 
a 
different Designated Maturity 
applies for different Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can be tabulated] 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
Specified 
Time: 
[] 
in 
[specify 
relevant 
financial centre] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
Benchmark 
Discontinuati
on: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Only 
specify 
Applicable 
where the Reference Rate is 
USD LIBOR)] 
 
[Insert where RA Rate [1/2] is a Floating Rate, a 
CMS Rate or a CMS Spread Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination: 
 
[CMS Spread Rate [1/2]:] (Include where the RA 
Rate is a CMS Spread Rate and repeat as 
applicable) 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Where 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions have 
been reviewed in relation to 
Version 6 dated 27 May 2022 
of the 2021 Definitions. If a 
later 
version 
is 
to 
be 
followed, 
the 
Conditions 
should be reviewed carefully 
to ensure compatibility with 
the 
relevant 
ISDA 
Rate 
before use) 
 
 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions 
are Applicable, ensure that 
this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 Definitions))

--- Page 165 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
165 
 
 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify 
and, 
where 
a 
different Designated Maturity 
applies for different Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can be tabulated] 
 
 
Business Day 
(for 
the 
purposes 
of 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[] / [As defined in the 
Conditions]] 
(b) 
Scheduled Publication 
Day: 
[Any day on which commercial banks [and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and] are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
[Specify the or each relevant centre]][U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day][A day on 
which the TARGET System is open][]] 
(c) 
Accrual Condition: 
Reference Rate 1 is [[at or above] [above] the 
[respective] Lower Barrier Rate 1] [and] [[at or 
below] [below] the [respective] Upper Barrier Rate 
1] [AND Reference Rate 2 is [[at or above] 
[above] the [respective] Lower Barrier Rate 2] 
[and] [[at or below] [below] the [respective] Upper 
Barrier Rate 2]] (Specify as applicable) 
(d) 
Barrier Rates: 
 
- 
Lower 
Barrier 
Rate 1: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage set out for such 
Interest Period in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Lower Barrier Rate 1 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
- 
Upper 
Barrier 
Rate 1: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, as set out for such Interest Period 
in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Upper Barrier Rate 1 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
- 
Lower 
Barrier 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, as set out for such Interest Period 
in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Lower Barrier Rate 2 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent.

--- Page 166 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
166 
 
 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
- 
Upper 
Barrier 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage set out for such 
Interest Period in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Upper Barrier Rate 2 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
(e) 
Range Accrual Cut-Off 
Observation Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [[] Scheduled Publication 
Days]] immediately preceding the Interest Period 
Date falling at the end of such Interest Period 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION AND PRO RATA REDUCTION 
20. 
Notice 
Periods 
for 
Condition 
 6(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons) of the 
General Terms and Conditions: 
Minimum Period: 
[30]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days] 
 
Maximum Period: 
[[60]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum period of 5 clearing 
system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent) 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[] in each year] / [Each Interest Payment Date] 
/ [As specified in the Table below] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
dates)

--- Page 167 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
167 
 
 
(ii) 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[In respect of an Optional Redemption Date, [] 
[Business Days/Reference Currency Business 
Days] prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable in the case of Alternate Currency 
Notes) 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [As specified in 
the Table below] 
 
[The Notes are Alternate Currency Notes – the 
Specified Amount is [] (Specify a currency 
amount in the Denomination Currency) 
 
As provided in the Conditions, the Specified 
Amount will be converted into the Payment 
Currency by either dividing or multiplying (as 
specified in item  16(i)(b)) the Specified Amount 
by the FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date and the 
amount so converted into the Payment Currency 
will be the Optional Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount] 
 
(N.B. If the Optional Redemption Amount is 
other than a specified amount or as specified 
above in relation to Alternate Currency Notes, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(iv) 
Optional Redemption Price: 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
TABLE 
 
 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Price 
 
 
[]] 
[]] 
[]] 
 
(Specify for each Optional Redemption Date) 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(vi) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: 
[15]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days] 
 
Maximum Period: 
[[30]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of

--- Page 168 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
168 
 
 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum period of 5 clearing 
system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent) 
(vii) 
Pro Rata Reduction: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Reduction 
Date(s): 
[[] in each year] / [Each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
dates) 
(b) 
Optional 
Reduction 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[] in each year] / [Each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
dates) 
(ii) 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[In respect of an Optional Redemption Date, [] 
[Business Days/Reference Currency Business 
Days] prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable in the case of Alternate Currency 
Notes) 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
[The Notes are Alternate Currency Notes – the 
Specified Amount is [] (Specify a currency 
amount in the Denomination Currency) 
 
As provided in the Conditions, the Specified 
Amount will be converted into the Payment 
Currency by either dividing or multiplying (as 
specified in item  16(i)(b)) the Specified Amount 
by the FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date and the 
amount so converted into the Payment Currency 
will be the Optional Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount] 
 
(N.B. If the Optional Redemption Amount is 
other than a specified amount or as specified 
above in relation to Alternate Currency Notes,

--- Page 169 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
169 
 
 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes)
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: 
[15]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days] 
 
Maximum Period: 
[[30]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum period of 15 clearing 
system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent) 
(v) 
Adjustment for Hedging Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Investor Put in respect of SCEEN Notes 
and Reverse SCEEN Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only in relation to Equity Linked 
Notes that relate to a single Underlying Asset. If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Exercise Period: 
From ([and including/but excluding]) [] to ([but 
excluding/and including]) [] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
As described in paragraph  5(i) of the Equity and 
Market Access Product Terms 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Effective Date 
(iv) 
Parity Level Cap ("PLC"): 
[[] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(v) 
N: 
[] 
(vi) 
Conversion Value: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable only for Reverse SCEEN Notes) 
(vii) 
FX Rate ("FX"): 
[Applicable: Underlying Asset Currency: []] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
(viii) 
Valuation Date: 
The [] Scheduled Trading Day following the 
Effective Date 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount of 
each 
Note 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons 
or on an event of default and/or 
any method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different 
from that set out in Condition  6(e) 
(Early Redemption Amounts) of 
the 
General 
Terms 
and 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [As specified in 
Condition  6(e) (Early Redemption Amounts) of 
the General Terms and Conditions]

--- Page 170 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
170 
 
 
Conditions): 
(ii) 
Adjustment for Hedging Costs in 
respect of Early Redemption 
Amount of each Note payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons 
or on an event of default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [As specified in 
item [ 26/ 27 below] 
 
[The Notes are Alternate Currency Notes – the 
Specified Amount is [] (Specify a currency 
amount in the Denomination Currency) 
 
As provided in the Conditions, the Specified 
Amount will be converted into the Payment 
Currency by either dividing or multiplying (as 
specified in item  16(i)(b)) the Specified Amount 
by the FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for the 
Maturity Date and the amount so converted into 
the Payment Currency will be the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount] 
 
[The Notes are FX Performance Redemption 
Notes – the Specified Amount is [] (Specify a 
currency amount in the Specified Currency) 
As provided in the Conditions, the Specified 
Amount 
will 
be 
multiplied 
by 
the 
FX 
Performance on the FX Valuation Date for the 
Maturity Date and the resulting amount will be 
the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount] 
- 
FX Valuation Date: 
[[] [Business Days/Scheduled Trading Days] 
prior to the Maturity Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable in the case of Alternate Currency 
Notes and FX Performance Redemption Notes) 
26. 
Credit Linked Notes (in accordance with 
Credit 
Terms 
(2003 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
July 
2009 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(iii) 
First-to-Default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Entities 
comprising the Reference Portfolio in sub-
paragraph  (iv) below. If not applicable, specify 
the Reference Entity in sub-paragraph  (v)

--- Page 171 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
171 
 
 
below.)
(iv) 
Reference 
Entities 
comprising 
the Reference Portfolio: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. These may be set out in the form of a 
table which may be annexed to these Final 
Terms. All relevant items below should be 
completed in respect of each Reference Entity 
(repeating items where necessary) which may 
also be done by including the Reference Entities 
and such items in a table and in this case 
specify: "See the table (the "Table") annexed to 
these Final Terms." Relevant prompts below 
indicate where the same approach may be 
used) 
(v) 
Reference Entity: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
[Transaction Type: []] 
(vi) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
 
(N.B. If "First-to-Default" is applicable, specify 
for each Reference Entity in the Reference 
Portfolio) 
(vii) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table]  
 
(N.B. If Applicable, the provisions of the 2003 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions will apply to 
any Reference Entity) 
(viii) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace Period Extension [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Grace Period: [] calendar days] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
 
(Delete 
the 
sub-paragraphs 
below 
if 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation is not applicable) 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
 
(select one)
 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
 
(select all of which apply)

--- Page 172 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
172 
 
 
 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if 
Specified Currency is included as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic but 
no 
specific 
currency 
is 
specified 
"Standard Specified Currencies" will 
apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not 
Domestic 
Currency: 
Domestic 
Currency means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
- 
Business Day Convention relating to 
Limitation 
Dates: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention] / [Following Business Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs below if Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation is not 
applicable) 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
 
(select one)
 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
  
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics:  
 
(select all of which apply)
 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if 
Specified Currency is included as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic but 
no 
specific 
currency 
is 
specified 
"Standard Specified Currencies" will 
apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not 
Domestic 
Currency: 
Domestic 
Currency means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan]

--- Page 173 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
173 
 
 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
- 
Business Day Convention relating to 
Limitation 
Dates: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention] / [Following Business Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Partial Redemption Following Restructuring: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB. 
Partial 
Redemption 
Following 
Restructuring can only be applicable if either 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable 
Obligation" 
or 
"Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation" 
is 
specified as "Applicable" in these Final Terms) 
 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[See Table] 
- 
Default Requirement: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply/See Table] 
- 
Payment Requirement: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply/See Table] 
(ix) 
Conditions to Settlement: 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): 
[] 
/ 
[The 
provisions set 
out 
in 
paragraph 
 15 
of the Credit 
Terms 
(2003 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
Version) apply] 
 
Specified Number: 
[]] 
(x) 
Obligation(s): 
 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
(select one only)
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[See Table] 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated]

--- Page 174 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
174 
 
 
(select all of which apply)
[Specified 
Currency[: 
[Specify]]] 
(NB: 
if 
Specified Currency is included as an Obligation 
Characteristic but no specific currency is 
specified "Standard Specified Currencies" will 
apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency 
means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[See Table] 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xi) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / 
[Auction Settlement] 
(xiii) 
Adjustment for Hedging Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(Specify 
Applicable 
only 
where 
Auction 
Settlement is applicable) 
(xiv) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(xv) 
Partial Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
No Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Terms 
relating 
to 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Credit Event Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [The provisions 
set out in paragraph  15 of the Credit Terms 
(2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply] 
- 
Adjustment for Hedging 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Credit Event Redemption 
Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  15 of the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Fixed Recovery: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable: Final Price means 
[] per cent.] 
 
(If applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Valuation Date: 
[Single Valuation Date: [[] Business Days]] / 
[The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of the

--- Page 175 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
175 
 
 
Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply]] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [[] Business Days; 
and each of the [] Business Days thereafter. 
Number of Valuation Dates: []] / [The 
provisions set out in paragraph  15 of the Credit 
Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply]] 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market] 
- 
Quotation Amount: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Minimum 
Quotation 
Amount: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Dealers: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Quotations: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest/Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest] 
- 
Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market/Blended Highest] 
 
[Average Blended Market/Average Blended 
Highest] 
(xviii) 
Terms 
relating 
to 
Physical 
Settlement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Physical 
Settlement 
Period: 
[] Business Days 
Asset Amount: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest/Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest] 
- 
Adjustment for Hedging 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Settlement Currency: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
Deliverable Obligation  
[Payment] 
Category: 
[Borrowed Money]

--- Page 176 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
176 
 
 
(select one only)
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[See Table] 
Deliverable Obligation 
[Not Subordinated] 
Characteristics: 
(select all of which apply) 
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if Specified 
Currency is included as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic but no specific currency is 
specified "Standard Specified Currencies" will 
apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency 
means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
[See Table] 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
Interpretation 
of 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(see paragraph  (B) of the 
definition of "Deliverable 
Obligations") 
 
- 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
- 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Partial Cash Settlement 
of 
Consent 
Required 
Loans: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Partial Cash Settlement 
of Assignable Loans: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Adjustment for Hedging 
Costs in the event of a 
Partial Cash Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Note that this item relates to the payment of 
Hedging Costs in the event of a Partial Cash 
Settlement of an Undeliverable Obligation only, 
and not to Physical Settlement generally, to 
which 
the 
sub-paragraph 
"Adjustment 
for 
Hedging Costs" relates) 
 
- 
Cut-Off Date: 
[]

--- Page 177 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
177 
 
 
(xix) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Applicable, specify Relevant Jurisdiction) 
 
[Relevant Jurisdiction: []/[As specified in 
paragraph  12 of the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)]] 
27. 
Credit Linked Notes (in accordance with 
Credit 
Terms 
(2014 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(iii) 
First to Default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, specify Reference Entities in sub-
paragraph  (v) below. If not applicable, specify 
the Reference Entity in sub-paragraph  (vi) 
below.) 
(iv) 
Linear 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Entities in the case of 
Linear 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities or where First to 
Default applies: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. These may be set out in the form of a 
table which may be annexed to these Final 
Terms. All relevant items below should be 
completed in respect of each Reference Entity 
(repeating items where necessary) which may 
also be done by including the Reference Entities 
and such items in a table and in this case 
specify: "See the table (the "Table") annexed to 
these Final Terms." Relevant prompts below 
indicate where the same approach may be 
used) 
(vi) 
Reference Entity: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
[(Specify in respect of each Reference Entity in 
the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities)/See Table/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Relevant Rate (for purposes of 
determining 
the 
Weighted 
Average Rate, if applicable.): 
[[]%/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(ix) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[[]/[Not 
Applicable]/See 
Table/[Standard 
Reference Obligation [not] applicable][Seniority 
Level: Senior Level/Subordinated Level] 
 
(the following must be inserted when Notes are 
Cash Settled. N.B. if Standard Reference 
Obligation is applicable delete  (a)- (e) below)

--- Page 178 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
178 
 
 
(a) 
Primary Obligor: 
[Specify] 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
[Specify] 
(c) 
Maturity: 
[Specify] 
(d) 
Coupon: 
[Specify] 
(e) 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[Specify] 
(x) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xi) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace Period Extension [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Grace 
Period: 
[] 
[calendar 
days/business days in [] (specify 
jurisdiction(s))]] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[[Mod R/Mod Mod R] applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
[See Table] 
(a) 
Financial 
Reference 
Entity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(b) 
Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(c) 
Default Requirement: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply]/[See Table] 
(d) 
Payment Requirement: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply]/[See Table] 
(xii) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public 
Source(s):  
[] / [The provisions 
set 
out 
in 
paragraph  20 of the 
Credit Terms (2014 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions Version) 
apply]

--- Page 179 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
179 
 
 
 
Specified 
Number: 
[]] 
(xiii) 
Obligation(s): 
 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
[See Table] 
Obligation Category: 
(select one only) 
 
 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which apply):
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if Specified 
Currency 
is 
included 
as 
an 
Obligation 
Characteristic but no specific currency is 
specified, "any Standard Specified Currency" 
will apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency 
means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[None] 
 
[See Table] 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
[See Table] 
(xiv) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
[See Table] 
(xv) 
Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / 
[Auction Settlement] 
(xvi) 
Adjustment for Hedging Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Note that this 
paragraph should be specified as "Applicable" if 
Hedging Costs are to be deducted, including in 
the event of a Partial Cash Settlement of an 
Undeliverable Obligation) 
(xvii) 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest] [Exclude Accrued 
Interest] [Not Applicable (if Fixed Recovery 
applies)] 
(xviii) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(xix) 
Limitation 
Dates 
subject 
to 
adjustment in accordance with 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable] [Yes/No] (Not applicable unless 
M(M)R Restructuring applies) 
(xx) 
Partial Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
No Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 180 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
180 
 
 
(xxii) 
Provisions relating to Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity: 
The provisions set out in paragraph  15(i) of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) [[do not] apply] [See Table] 
(xxiii) 
Provisions relating to Senior Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations: 
[The provisions set out in paragraph  15(ii) of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) [do not] apply] [See Table] 
(xxiv) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event 
Provisions: 
[The provisions set out in paragraph 15(iii) of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) [do not] apply] [See Table] 
(N.B. If the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event 
Provisions apply, complete the prompts below. 
Otherwise, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration 
Requirement:  
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable]]] 
(xxv) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
2020 
Limited 
Recourse 
Additional 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xxvi) 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
(NB: 
Complete for all Credit Linked 
Securities for interpretation and 
construction 
purposes 
even 
where Physical Settlement is not 
possible): 
 
Deliverable Obligation Category:
(select one only) 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[See Table] 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
Characteristics:  
(select all of which apply) 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if Specified 
Currency is included as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic but no specific currency is 
specified, "any Standard Specified Currency" 
will apply) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency 
means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
[Transferable]

--- Page 181 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
181 
 
 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[See Table] 
Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
Interpretation of Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(see paragraph  (B) of the 
definition of "Deliverable 
Obligations") 
 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xxvii) Terms 
relating 
to 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [The provisions 
set out in paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms 
(2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply /Not Applicable (in the case of 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes)] 
(b) 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) apply/Not 
Applicable (in the case of Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes)] 
(c) 
Credit Event Payment 
Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) apply] 
[Not Applicable] (NB: Specify "Not Applicable" 
unless the Securities are Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Securities) 
(d) 
Fixed Recovery: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable: Final Price means 
[] per cent.] 
 
(If applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(e) 
Valuation Date: 
[Single Valuation Date: [[] Business Days]] / 
[The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply]] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [[] Business Days; 
and each of the [] Business Days thereafter. 
Number of Valuation Dates: []] / [The

--- Page 182 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
182 
 
 
provisions set out in paragraph  20 of the Credit 
Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply]] 
(f) 
Valuation Time: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
(g) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market/As per paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version)] 
(h) 
Quotation Amount: 
[] / [Representative Amount] / [The provisions 
set out in paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms 
(2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Quotation 
Amount: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
(j) 
Quotation Dealers: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
(k) 
Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market/Blended Highest] 
 
[Average Blended Market/Average Blended 
Highest] 
 
[As per paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)] 
(xxviii) Terms 
relating 
to 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Period: 
[[] Business Days] [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Settlement Currency: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
(c) 
Indicative Quotations 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Partial Cash Settlement 
of Consent Required 
Loans: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Partial Cash Settlement 
of Assignable Loans: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 183 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
183 
 
 
(f) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] 
(xxix) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Applicable, specify Relevant Jurisdiction) 
 
[Relevant Jurisdiction: []/[As specified in 
paragraph  13 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)]] 
(xxx) 
Merger Event: 
Paragraph  13 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
Version) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxi) 
Reference 
Obligation 
Only 
Termination Amount: 
[Specify] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. to be specified for the purposes of 
paragraph  18 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) for 
Reference Obligation Only Securities relating to 
a single Reference Entity) 
(xxxii) Qualifying Participation Seller: 
[insert] [Not Applicable] [See Table] 
PAYMENTS 
 
28. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][Specify/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of 
payment) 
29. 
FMP Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As specified in Condition 5(f)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
30. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date] 
 
(N.B. No Bearer Notes will be issued to

--- Page 184 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
184 
 
 
Regulation S purchasers if the Specified Branch 
is New York) 
 
(N.B. If a Bearer Global Note is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes, the Notes shall be 
tradable only in nominal amounts of at least the 
Specified Denomination and the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in item  6(i) above 
should not include language to the following 
effect: [€]100,000 and integral multiples of 
[€][1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€][199,000]. No notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€][199,000]) 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
(Include if Regulation S purchasers only and the 
Specified Branch is New York) [Regulation S 
Global 
Note 
[(U.S.$[] 
nominal 
amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
(Include for all other Registered Global Notes) 
[[Regulation S Global Note [(U.S.$[] nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee 
for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] / [Rule 144A Global 
Note [(U.S. $[] nominal amount)] registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] [evidencing interests eligible for 
resale under Rule 144A and] exchangeable for 
Definitive Registered Notes upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
(Include where a further Tranche of a Series is 
issued 
following 
the 
first 
Tranche) 
[The 
Regulation S Global Note will be exchanged for 
the Original Regulation S Global Note in respect 
of the first Tranche on or after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
(In above paragraphs, nominal amount required 
only if both Regulation S Global Note and 144A 
Global Note will be issued) 
 
[Regulation S Definitive Registered Notes 
(Available for Regulation S purchasers only 
where the Specified Branch is not New York)] 
31. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Standard Chartered Bank of 1 Basinghall 
Avenue, London EC2V 5DD, United Kingdom] / 
[Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 
of 32nd Floor, 4-4A Des Voeux Road, Central, 
Hong Kong] / [Standard Chartered Bank 
(Singapore) Limited of 8 Marina Boulevard, #27-
01 Marina Bay Financial Centre, Tower 1, 
018981, Singapore] / []

--- Page 185 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
185 
 
 
32. 
Business Centre(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(Note that this item relates to Business Days) 
33. 
Correction Period for the purpose of 
Condition  13 (Corrections): 
[At 
any 
time][Specify][In 
accordance 
with 
Condition  13 (Corrections)] 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Final Terms. [[] has been 
extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [Standard Chartered Bank / Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打
銀行 (香港) 有限公司 / Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited]: 
 
By:.........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 186 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
186 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
Euronext Dublin 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on its regulated market with effect 
from [the Issue Date]/[]] 
 
[Notes of the same Series have been admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from []] (Where documenting 
a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original 
Notes are already admitted to trading) 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the Manager,/Not 
Applicable:] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer.]  
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests. When adding any other description, 
consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute "significant 
new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus] 
[The Notes are specified as being ["Sustainability 
Bonds"]/["Green Bonds"]/["Social Bonds"] and an 
amount equal to the net proceeds from the 
issuance of the Notes will be used as described 
in "Use of Proceeds – ESG Bonds" in the Base 
Prospectus.] [[] (if reasons for the offer are 
different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details)] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield 
5. 
PERFORMANCE OF REFERENCE ITEM(S) OR BASKET OF REFERENCE ITEM(S) 
RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE/EACH REFERENCE ITEM 
(Equity Linked Notes only)

--- Page 187 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
187 
 
 
[Need to include details of [the/each] [company/fund/depositary] issuing the [equity 
securities/ETF securities/depositary receipt securities], any security identification number of 
[the/each] [equity security/fund/depositary receipt security], where pricing information about 
[the/each] [equity security/ETF security/depositary receipt security] is available, the relevant 
weighting of each [equity security/ETF security/depositary receipt security] within a basket of 
[equity securities/ETF securities/depositary receipt securities] (if relevant) and where past and 
future performance and volatility of [the/each] [equity security/ETF security/depositary receipt 
security] can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of 
charge] 
[Need to include details of [the/each] index, where pricing information about [the /each] index 
is available, the relevant weighting of each index within a basket of indices (if relevant) and 
where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] index can be obtained. Include 
details of where information about [the/each] index can be obtained by electronic means and 
whether or not it can be obtained free of charge] 
[Not Applicable] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE/EACH REFERENCE ENTITY AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE/EACH REFERENCE ENTITY (Credit Linked Notes only) 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, where no Reference Obligation or Reference Entity 
represents 20% or more of the basket or index of Reference Entities either (i) set out in a 
table (a) the names of the reference entities and (if different) issuers of the Reference 
Obligation; and (b) the ISIN of the Reference Obligation or (ii) where such information is 
already included in item  26 or  27 of Part A of the Final Terms, include a cross reference 
thereto.  In respect of all other Credit Linked Securities insert: 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[[Non-]Standard] Reference 
Obligation] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[] 
Address: 
[] 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, 
insurance, manufacturing, construction, 
transport, media determined on the basis 
of available information on the Reference 
Entity) 
Market[(s)] on which securities are 
admitted to trading: 
[] 
[[[Non-]Standard] Reference Obligation] 
Securities Code: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to 
ascertain from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and should be repeated 
for each Reference Entity.  Country of incorporation, industry and address will be "Not 
Applicable" for a Sovereign Reference entity and Securities Code (e.g. ISIN/CUSIP) will be 
"Not Applicable" if there is no Reference Obligation or it has no securities code.  Note 
permissible markets for a Reference Entity's securities to be admitted to trading on are 
regulated markets, equivalent third country markets and SME Growth Markets, each as 
described in Regulation EU No 2019/980, Annex 17, item 2.2.2 (a)(ii).  Where such 
requirement cannot be satisfied, a supplement or drawdown prospectus must be prepared

--- Page 188 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
188 
 
 
that includes the required information to be addressed under Annex 17, item 2.2.2 (a)(i))
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and future performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [but not] free of charge from 
[insert electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg] (Repeat for each Reference 
Entity as applicable)] 
[Not Applicable] 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF INTEREST RATES 
[Details of the performance of [[LIBOR/ EURIBOR/ HIBOR/ SIBOR] [CMS] rates] [SONIA] 
[SOFR] [€STR] [SORA] [TONA] can be obtained [but not] free of charge from 
[[]/Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance]] 
[Insert for any SOFR rate: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse, or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
[Insert where you copy, publish, distribute and transmit information relating to SONIA; (ii) 
adapt information relating to SONIA; or (iii) exploit information commercially and non-
commercially in relation to SONIA,: Contains public sector information licensed under the 
Open Government Licence v3.0.]
8. 
PERFORMANCE OF FX RATE AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE FX 
RATE (Alternate Currency Notes and FX Performance Notes only) 
[Need to include details of the FX Rate, where pricing information about the FX Rate is 
available and where past and future performance and volatility of the FX Rate can be 
obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge] [Not 
Applicable] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See / [include code]17, as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / 
Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See / [include code]18, as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Available") 
                                                   
17  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
18  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 189 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
189 
 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
DTC 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
Names [and addresses] of any 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses] of 
entities having a dealer/underwriting role in 
respect of the initial subscription of the Notes] 
(iii) 
Date of Purchase Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/insert date]  
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
rules applicable or TEFRA rules 
not applicable: 
[[TEFRA D/TEFRA C] (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010)/TEFRA rules not applicable] 
 
("TEFRA 
rules 
not 
applicable" 
should 
be 
specified for Registered Notes) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – [at all times/only 
after [specify date]]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
Specify a date if a key information document will 
be prepared and the Notes may be sold to EEA 
Retail Investors only up to a certain specified 
date) 
("Applicable – at all times" should be specified for 
sales outside the EEA to ensure there are no 
'flow-back' sales) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[ - at all times/only after 
[specify date]]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be

--- Page 190 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
190 
 
 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
Specify a date if a key information document will 
be prepared and the Notes may be sold to UK 
Retail Investors only up to a certain specified 
date) 
("Applicable – at all times" should be specified for 
sales outside the UK to ensure there are no 'flow-
back' sales) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Republic 
of China (Taiwan) Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[The sale of the Notes has not been and will not 
be registered with the Financial Supervisory 
Commission and/or other regulatory authority of 
the Republic of China (Taiwan) pursuant to 
relevant securities laws and regulations and may 
not be offered or sold within the Republic of 
China (Taiwan) through a public offering or in 
circumstance which constitutes an offer within the 
meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of 
the Republic of China (Taiwan) that requires a 
registration 
or 
approval 
of 
the 
Financial 
Supervisory Commission and/or other regulatory 
authority of the Republic of China (Taiwan).] 
(ix) 
Sales to Plan Investors: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable – the Notes (and 
interests therein) may be purchased, held or 
disposed of by, or on behalf of, a plan or a 
governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan that 
is subject to any Similar Law, subject to certain 
conditions (as described in "ERISA Matters" in 
the Base Prospectus] 
(x) 
Additional U.S. federal income 
tax consequences:  
[[For Notes issued by the New York branch of 
SCB: The Issuer intends to treat the Notes as 
[fixed rate debt/Discount Securities/variable rate 
debt instruments/Contingent Securities/Forward 
Securities/Option Securities] (as described in 
"[Taxation 
of 
Securities—United 
States 
Taxation—Part A – U.S. Holders—U.S. Federal 
Income Tax Treatment of Securities Treated as 
Debt [—Variable Interest Rate Securities/—
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments/—Original 
Issue Discount]]/ [Taxation of Securities—United 
States Taxation—Part A – U.S. Holders—U.S. 
Federal Income Tax Treatment of Certain 
Securities 
Not 
Treated 
as 
Debt[—Forward 
Securities/—Option Securities]" in the Base 
Prospectus) 
for 
U.S. 
federal 
income 
tax 
purposes.  [The comparable yield relating to the 
Notes 
will 
be 
[] 
compounded 
[[semi] 
annually/quarterly].] [Any interest paid and any 
original issue discount accrued/Any original issue 
discount accrued] will constitute income from

--- Page 191 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
191 
 
 
sources within the United States for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes and, as more fully described 
in 
"Taxation 
of 
Securities—United 
States 
Taxation—Part B – Non-U.S. Holders" in the 
Base Prospectus, may be subject to U.S. federal 
withholding taxes if the relevant holder does not 
provide appropriate certification on an IRS Form 
W-8BEN-E or other applicable form] 
 
[For Notes which may be sold to 144A 
purchasers and which are not issued by the New 
York branch of SCB: The Issuer intends to treat 
the 
Notes 
as 
[fixed 
rate 
debt/Contingent 
Securities 
/Foreign 
Currency 
Contingent 
Securities/variable rate debt instruments/Forward 
Securities/Option Notes[, for which purposes, the 
Issuer will treat []% of each coupon on a Note 
as interest on the Deposit and []% as Put 
Premium]] 
(as 
described 
in 
"[Taxation 
of 
Securities—United States Taxation—Part A – 
U.S. 
Holders—U.S. 
Federal 
Income 
Tax 
Treatment of Securities Treated as Debt [—
Variable Interest Rate Securities/—Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments/—Foreign Currency 
Securities—Foreign 
Currency 
Contingent 
Securities/—Original Issue Discount]/[ Taxation of 
Securities—United States Taxation—Part A – 
U.S. 
Holders—U.S. 
Federal 
Income 
Tax 
Treatment of Certain Securities Not Treated as 
Debt [—Forward Securities—Option Securities]" 
in the Base Prospectus) for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. [The comparable yield relating to 
the Notes will be [] compounded [[semi] 
annually/quarterly]] 
 
[For Notes which may not be sold to 144A 
purchasers and which are not issued by the New 
York branch of SCB: Not Applicable] 
 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Securities for the 
purposes of Section 871(m).] (The Notes will not 
be Specified Securities if they do not reference 
any U.S. equity or any index that contains any 
component U.S. equity or otherwise provide 
direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the 
Notes reference a U.S. equity or an index that 
contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities, further analysis will be required) [Based 
on market conditions on the date of these Final 
Terms, the Issuer has made a preliminary 
determination that the Notes are [not] Specified 
Securities for purposes of Section 871(m). This is 
a preliminary determination only that is subject to 
change based on market conditions on the Issue 
Date. If the Issuer's final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such determination.] 
[Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact] for further information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.]]]

--- Page 192 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
192 
 
 
11. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary)

--- Page 193 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
193 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Warrants issued under the Programme. 
Pricing Supplement dated [Date] 
[Standard Chartered Bank/Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打銀行 (香港) 有限
公司/Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (registration number 201224747C)] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[RILFO74KP1CM8P6PCT96/X5AV1MBDXGRPX5UGMX13/549300MDYVVHJ8D1DW28] 
Issue of [Aggregate Number of Tranche] [Title of Warrants] 
under the U.S.$15,000,000,000 
Notes, Certificates and Warrants Programme 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) have been 
prepared on the basis that any offer of Warrants in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area ("EEA") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Warrants and any offer of Warrants in the UK will 
be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Warrants. Accordingly, any person 
making an offer or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the UK of the Warrants may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any 
Manager has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Warrants in any other 
circumstances. 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [After []],]19 [T/t]he Warrants are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such date,] should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA [has 
been prepared/will be published or updated after such date] and therefore offering or selling the 
Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA [after such date] may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]20 
                                                   
19  
This date reference should not be included in the Pricing Supplement unless a date is specified in item  6 of Part B below. 
20  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" products, and 
no key information document will be prepared (where applicable, after the specified date), or the issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable".

--- Page 194 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
194 
 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [After [],]21 [T/t]he Warrants are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such date,] should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK [has been prepared/will be published or updated after such date] and therefore 
offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
[after such date] may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]22 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – The Warrants shall be (A) capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (B) Specified Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] [Notification under Section 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the "SFA") – The Warrants shall be (A) prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (B) 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]23  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated 8 July 2022 and any 
supplement(s) thereto approved on or before the Issue Date of the Notes (together, the "Base Listing 
Particulars"). This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Listing Particulars are available for viewing and copies 
may be obtained from the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated [insert date] and any 
supplement(s) thereto approved on or before the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants 
(together, the "Original Base Listing Particulars") which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Listing Particulars dated 8 July 2022. This document must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Listing Particulars dated 8 July 2022 and any supplement(s) thereto approved on or before the Issue 
Date of Tranche [] of the Warrants (together, the "Base Listing Particulars"), including the Terms 
and Conditions of the Warrants incorporated by reference in the Base Listing Particulars, in order to 
                                                   
21  
This date reference should not be included in the Pricing Supplement unless a date is specified in item  6 of  Part B below. 
22  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any 
other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
23  
Applicable legend to be included if the Warrants are to be sold to Singapore investors. Relevant Person(s) (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the 
Issuer prior to an offer of Warrants in Singapore, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 195 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
195 
 
 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Listing Particulars are available for viewing and copies 
may be obtained from the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
The "Terms and Conditions" applicable to the Warrants are the General Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants described above, as amended and/or supplemented by the relevant Product Terms 
specified below (in each case, as set out in the [Original] Base Listing Particulars), such Terms and 
Conditions as completed by this Pricing Supplement, the "Conditions".[Include whichever of the 
following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain as set out 
below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Standard Chartered Bank[, acting through its 
principal office in London]/[acting through its 
Specified Branch]] / [Standard Chartered Bank 
(Hong Kong) Limited] / [Standard Chartered Bank 
(Singapore) Limited] 
(ii) 
Specified Branch: 
[Not Applicable/Specify] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Warrants will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Warrants 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranche(s)] on the Issue Date] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Number of Warrants being issued: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per [Warrant/Unit] 
6. 
Units: 
[Not Applicable] / [Warrants must be exercised in 
Units. Each Unit consists of [100/[]] Warrants]  
 
(N.B. This is in addition to any requirements 
relating to "Minimum Exercise Number" or 
"Maximum Exercise Number" set out below and 
Units must be expressed as a number of 
Warrants) 
7. 
Minimum Transferable Number: 
[Not Applicable] / [Integral Multiples of []] 
8. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
9. 
Description of Warrants: 
[Equity Linked Warrants] / [Market Access 
Product Warrants] / [Currency Warrants] / 
[Commodity Warrants] / [Index Warrants] / 
[Specify other] 
 
(Specify one or more of the above, as applicable)
10. 
Product Terms: 
[Equity and Market Access Product Terms: 
Applicable (and the Warrants are [Reverse]

--- Page 196 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
196 
 
 
SCEEN Warrants)] 
 
[Market Access Product Terms: Applicable]  
 
(further details specified in item  14 below)] 
 
[Currency Terms: Applicable 
(further details specified in item  15 below)] 
 
[Commodity Terms: Applicable 
(further details specified in item  16 below)] 
 
[Index Terms: Applicable 
(further details specified in item  17 below)] 
 
[Specify other]
 
(Specify one or more of the above, as applicable)
11. 
Exercise Style of Warrants: 
[American 
Style/Bermudan 
Style/European 
Style/Specify other] 
12. 
Type of Warrants:  
[Put/Call/Specify other] 
13. 
Date Board (or similar) approval for 
issuance of Warrants obtained:  
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Warrants) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PRODUCT TERMS 
14. 
Equity and Market Access Product 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Whether the Warrants relate to a 
basket of equity securities, a 
basket of exchange traded fund 
securities, a basket of depositary 
receipt securities, a single equity 
security, 
a 
single 
exchange 
traded fund security, a single 
depositary receipt security (each, 
an 
"Underlying 
Asset"), 
a 
basket of indices or a single 
index (each, an "Index") and the 
identity of the relevant issuer(s) 
of the Underlying Asset(s) (each, 
an "Asset Issuer") or identity of 
the relevant Index/Indices and 
details of the relevant sponsors 
(each, a "Sponsor"): 
[Basket of Underlying Assets/Single Underlying 
Asset/Basket 
of 
Indices/Single 
Index/Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify each Underlying Asset/Asset Issuer and 
Index/Index Sponsor] [Where the Underlying 
Assets are dynamic, details of initial Underlying 
Assets and rules regarding varying the basket to 
be set out in an Annex to this Pricing 
Supplement] 
 [[] is an ETF Security] (Specify for each 
relevant Underlying Asset) 
[[] is a Depositary Receipt Security and 
[Full/Partial] Lookthrough applies] (Specify for 
each relevant Underlying Asset) 
[[] is a Multi-Exchange Index] (Specify for each 
relevant Index) 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
(a) 
Multiplier: 
[Specify the multiplier for each Underlying 
Asset/Index in the basket] / [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time] / [] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 197 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
197 
 
 
(c) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Exchange: 
[] / [Principal Exchanges] (Specify for each 
relevant Underlying Asset/Index. N.B.: Principal 
Exchanges 
only 
relates 
to 
Multi-Exchange 
Indices) (N.B: For Warrants listed on Euronext 
Dublin, the Exchange for any Underlying Asset 
must be a "regulated, regularly operating, 
recognised open market") 
(e) 
Related Exchange: 
[] / [All Exchanges] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset/Index) 
(f) 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(g) 
De-listing, 
Merger 
Event, 
Nationalisation 
and Insolvency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(h) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(i) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
 
- 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Insolvency 
Filing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
- 
Failure to 
Deliver: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants are 
cash settled only or relate to a single Index or a 
basket of Indices) 
- 
Hedging 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Loss of Stock 
Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
- 
Increased Cost 
of Stock Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Warrants 
relate to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
- 
Increased Cost 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 198 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
198 
 
 
of Hedging: 
(j) 
ETF Fund Termination 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable were Warrants relate to 
Underlying Assets which are ETF Securities) 
(k) 
Underlying 
Share 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where the Underlying 
Assets are Depositary Receipt Securities) 
(l) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for Underlying Assets 
traded 
through 
the 
China Connect Service: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of []] 
(If the Warrants relate to more than one 
Underlying Asset, specify the Underlying Asset(s) 
to which these provisions relate) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
 
- 
China 
Connect 
Share 
Disqualification: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
China 
Connect 
Service 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Other 
terms 
and 
special 
conditions 
relating 
to 
Warrants 
linked to a dynamic 
basket of Underlying 
Assets: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. See Annex hereto] 
(if applicable, specify other terms and special 
conditions in Annex) 
(ii) 
Whether the Warrants relate to a 
basket of fund interests or a 
single fund interest (each, a 
"Fund Interest") and the identity 
of the related fund(s) (each, a 
"Fund"): 
[Basket 
of 
Fund 
Interests/Single 
Fund 
Interest/Not Applicable] 
[Specify each Fund Interest/Fund and size of 
relevant Fund Interest] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Fixing Date(s): 
[Specify for each Fund] 
(N.B. Specify more than one Initial Fixing Date 
per Fund where there is more than one notional 
investment on different dates) 
(b) 
Realised 
Value 
Exit 
Date(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify more than one Realised Value Exit 
Date per Fund where there is more than one

--- Page 199 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
199 
 
 
notional realisation on different dates)
(c) 
Reference Price: 
[Realised 
Value/[Reported 
Reference 
Price] 
[Specify] 
(d) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in 
Equity and Market Access Product Term  9 
applies] 
[The relevant screen page is []] 
(e) 
Fund Administrator: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in 
Equity and Market Access Product Term  9 
applies] 
(f) 
Fund Adviser: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in 
Equity and Market Access Product Term  9 
applies] 
(g) 
Key Personnel: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in 
Equity and Market Access Product Term  9 
applies] 
(h) 
Hypothetical 
Investor 
Jurisdiction: 
[Specify] 
(i) 
Scheduled 
Fund 
Publication Date: 
[[Each Averaging/The Valuation] Date] / [The 
[Business Day] following []] / [Specify] 
(j) 
Fund 
Business 
Day 
Centre(s): 
[Specify] 
(k) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Roll Number: 
[] Fund Business Days 
(m) 
Delay Period: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in 
Equity and Market Access Product Term  9 
applies] 
(n) 
Fund Events: 
 
- 
Fund 
Replacement 
following 
Fund 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Additional Fund 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Fund Change in Law] 
[Fund Hedging Disruption] 
[Fund Increased Cost of Hedging] 
- 
Fund 
Composition 
Event(s): 
[Set out details of the event(s) in full, including all 
relevant triggers and observables/Not Applicable] 
- 
Fund Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Fund Settlement Disruption] 
[Fund Publication Disruption] 
- 
Fund 
[Fund Nationalisation]

--- Page 200 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
200 
 
 
Extraordinary 
Event(s): 
[Fund Insolvency Event] 
[NAV Trigger Event] 
 
[Adviser/Key Personnel Removal Event] 
 
[Fund Modification] 
 
[Fees or Charges Event] 
 
[Strategy Breach] 
 
[Regulatory Action] 
 
[Tax Change] 
 
[Reporting Disruption] 
 
[New Information Event] 
 
[Limitation Event] 
 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
 
[Fund Service Provider Cessation] 
 
[Fund Service Provider Disruption]  
 
[Related Agreement Termination: Specify any 
other relevant party] 
 
[Reputational Event] 
 
[Holding Limit Event – for which purpose, the 
Voting Percentage is: [As defined in the Equity 
and Market Access Product Terms]/[%]] 
[Fund Adviser Event] 
[Holding Ratio]  
[Accounting Event] 
[Closure of the Fund] 
[Volcker Rule Non-Compliance Event] 
[specify] 
- 
Fund 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Notice Period for 
paragraph 
 2(ii) 
of the Equity and 
Market 
Access 
Product Terms: 
Minimum Period: 
[15]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days] 
Maximum Period: 
[[30]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days]] / [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Principal Warrant Agent) 
(iii) 
Whether the Warrants relate to a 
relevant account or basket of 
relevant 
accounts 
(each, 
a 
"Relevant Account") and the 
entity with whom such account is 
held and managed: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify each relevant account and entity] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Terms 
and 
special 
conditions relating to 
Warrants 
linked 
to 
Relevant Accounts: 
See the Annex hereto. 
(if applicable, specify details of the account and 
entity and other terms and special conditions in 
Annex) 
(iv) 
Force Majeure Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 201 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
201 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[] / [As specified in paragraph  3 of the Equity 
and Market Access Product Terms] 
(b) 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Market 
Disruption 
Event prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Relevant 
Adjustment 
Event prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Other terms or special conditions 
relating to Equity and Market 
Access Product Terms: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
15. 
Currency Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Provisions relating to Currency 
Terms 
[Specify relevant terms and conditions] 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Events 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Relevant Jurisdiction 
[]/[As specified in paragraph [ 4] of the Currency 
Terms] 
- 
Additional Force Majeure 
Event 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Commodity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Terms 
or 
special 
conditions 
relating to Commodity Terms: 
[Specify relevant terms and conditions] 
- 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price: 
[Specify] 
- 
Exchange: 
[Specify] 
- 
Market Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Period 
for 
applying 
corrections: 
[Specify period during which corrections will 
apply/The period set out in paragraph  1(ii) of the 
Commodity Terms applies] 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph)

--- Page 202 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
202 
 
 
- 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As specified in paragraph [ 2] of the 
Commodity Terms] 
- 
Market Disruption Event 
prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
17. 
Index Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Whether the Warrants relate to a 
basket of indices or a single 
index (each, an "Index") and the 
identity 
of 
the 
relevant 
Index/Indices and details of the 
relevant 
sponsors 
(each, 
a 
"Sponsor"): 
[Basket of Indices/Single Index] 
[Specify each Index/Index Sponsor] 
 
(a) 
Multiplier: 
[Specify the multiplier for each Index in the 
basket] / [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time] / [] 
(c) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Exchange: 
[] (Specify for each relevant Index) 
(e) 
Related Exchange: 
[] / [All Exchanges] (Specify for each relevant 
Index) 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As specified in paragraph [ 2] of the Index 
Terms] 
- 
Additional Force Majeure 
Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Other terms or special conditions 
relating to Index Terms: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
18. 
Other Product Terms: 
 
[Not Applicable] / [Specify] 
INTERIM PAYMENTS 
 
19. 
Interim Payments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable only in relation to Market Access 
Product Warrants that relate to a single 
Underlying Asset or a Basket of Underlying 
Assets. If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
- 
Interim Payment Date: 
[As specified in the Market Access Product 
Terms/The [] Business Day following the date 
on which the relevant Applicable Cash Dividend 
Amount is received by a Qualified Investor

--- Page 203 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
203 
 
 
entitled to receive it/[]] 
- 
Applicable Cash Dividend Failure 
Date: 
[As specified in the Market Access Product 
Terms/The 
[] 
day 
after 
the 
[Exercise 
Date/earliest of any Actual Exercise Date and the 
Expiration Date]/[]] 
- 
Dividend Percentage: 
[10 per cent./Specify other] 
- 
Dividend Start Date: 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EXERCISE AND SETTLEMENT 
20. 
Settlement Date: 
[[In relation to an Actual Exercise Date,] (N.B. 
Insert for American Style Warrants or Bermudan 
Style Warrants)[, the/The] [fifth/[]] Business Day 
following 
[the 
[last 
occurring] 
[Averaging/Valuation] Date/the last day of the 
Final Execution Period]] / [Specify other] 
21. 
Exercise Date: 
[Not Applicable] / [[], provided that, if such date 
is not an Exercise Business Day, the Exercise 
Date 
shall 
be 
the 
immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] Exercise Business Day]  
 
(Applicable only in the case of European Style 
Warrants) 
22. 
(i) 
Exercise Period: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Exercise Period in respect 
of the Warrants is from (and including) [] to (and 
including) [][, or if [] is not an Exercise 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Exercise Business Day]]  
 
(Applicable only in the case of American Style 
Warrants) 
(ii) 
Potential Exercise Dates: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] [, or if any such date is not 
an Exercise Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Exercise Business Day]]  
 
(Applicable only in the case of Bermudan Style 
Warrants) 
(iii) 
Alternative Exercise Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] / [Specify alternative exercise 
provisions]  
 
(Applicable only in the case of American Style 
and Bermudan Style Warrants) 
23. 
Automatic Exercise in the case of 
American Style Warrants or Bermudan 
Style Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Applicable only in the case of American Style 
Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants) 
24. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[] [and Warrants may only be exercised in 
integral multiples of [] Warrants in excess 
thereof]

--- Page 204 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
204 
 
 
 
(Applicable only in the case of American Style 
Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants) 
25. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[]  
 
(Applicable only in the case of American Style 
Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants) 
TYPE OF SETTLEMENT 
 
26. 
Type of Settlement: 
 
(i) 
Whether 
settlement 
of 
the 
Warrants will be by (a) Cash 
Settlement, (b) Physical Delivery 
or (c) Cash Settlement and/or 
Physical Delivery and whether 
Variation of Settlement applies: 
[Cash Settlement[, subject to Physical Election, in 
which 
case, 
Physical 
Delivery 
shall 
be 
applicable]] 
/ 
[Physical 
Delivery] 
/ 
[Cash 
Settlement and/or Physical Delivery] 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Issuer has the 
option to vary settlement in respect of the 
Warrants and, if the Issuer elects to exercise its 
option 
to 
vary 
settlement, 
the 
[Cash 
Settlement][Physical Settlement] provisions will 
then apply] (Where the Issuer has the option to 
vary settlement then provisions relating to the 
Settlement Amount and the Asset Amount should 
each be completed below) 
 
(Physical Delivery not applicable to Currency 
Warrants, 
Commodity 
Warrants 
or 
Index 
Warrants) 
(iii) 
Cash Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Settlement Amount: 
[As defined in the General Terms and Conditions] 
/ [As defined in the Market Access Product 
Terms] 
/ 
[Specify 
formula 
or 
method 
of 
calculation] 
 
[The Warrants are Alternate MAP Securities] 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
[currency][0.0001] / [] / [Not Applicable] / [The 
Warrants are "Zero Strike" Warrants] 
(c) 
Execution Cost: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Initial 
Reference 
Price: 
[Specify]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(Only applicable if the Warrants are Alternate 
MAP Securities) 
(d) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the 
Warrants [The Averaging Dates are []]

--- Page 205 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
205 
 
 
(e) 
Valuation Date: 
[Actual Exercise Date] / [] / [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Reference Price: 
[Actual/Market/As defined in Equity and Market 
Access Product Terms/Specify] 
(g) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Actual/Market/Not Applicable/Specify] 
 
(if Market, specify the Relevant Screen Page) 
 
[The Relevant Screen Page is []] 
(h) 
Specified Percentage: 
[[] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Other terms or special 
conditions relating to 
Cash Settlement: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Physical Delivery Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant Assets: 
[Specify, including Tradable Amounts] 
(b) 
Asset Amount: 
[Specify] 
(c) 
Cut-off Date: 
[] 
(d) 
Delivery 
of 
Asset 
Amount 
against 
payment 
of 
Strike 
Price: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: only applicable in respect of Physical 
Delivery Warrants which are Put Warrants) 
(e) 
Adjustment for Hedging 
Costs in relation to 
Disruption 
Cash 
Settlement Price: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. This relates to the payment of Hedging 
Costs when determining the Disruption Cash 
Settlement 
Price 
following 
a 
Settlement 
Disruption Event only) 
(f) 
Relevant 
Asset 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable and for which purpose 
the Relevant Asset Substitution Criteria is 
[Specify]] 
(g) 
Other terms or special 
conditions relating to 
Physical Delivery: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
PAYMENTS 
 
27. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable][Specify]/give details] 
 
(Note that this item relates to the place of 
payment) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WARRANTS 
28. 
Form of Warrants: 
Registered Form: [Regulation S Global W&C

--- Page 206 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
206 
 
 
Security/Unitary Global W&C Security. The 
Warrants are eligible for sale in the United States 
to QIBs] 
29. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Standard Chartered Bank] / [Standard Chartered 
Bank (Hong Kong) Limited] / [Standard Chartered 
Bank (Singapore) Limited] / [] 
30. 
Business Centre(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(Note that this item relates to Business Days) 
31. 
Other final terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
32. 
Additional Provisions for Use with an 
Indian Underlying Asset/Index: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
33. 
Additional Provisions for Use with a 
Taiwan Underlying Asset/Index: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
34. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Other 
Jurisdictions: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
35. 
Correction Period for the purpose of 
Condition  18 (Corrections) 
[At 
any 
time][Specify][In 
accordance 
with 
Condition  18 (Corrections)] 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[] has 
been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] (Consider 
whether relevant for non-listed issues) 
Signed on behalf of [Standard Chartered Bank / Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打
銀行 (香港) 有限公司 / Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited]: 
 
By: ........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 207 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
207 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
Euronext Dublin/[]/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application [has been/will be] made to [Euronext 
Dublin]/[Specify] for the Warrants to be admitted 
to the [Official List and to trading on its [Global 
Exchange 
Market/regulated 
market]]/[Specify 
other] [with effect from [the Issue Date]/[]]/[Not 
Applicable] (Note that if a "unitary" or "series" 
prospectus will be separately prepared for the 
listing application, use "will be" in the above 
wording and use such prospectus and not this 
Pricing Supplement for the listing) 
   
[Warrants of the same Series have been 
admitted to trading on the [Global Exchange 
Market of Euronext Dublin]/[Specify other] with 
effect from []] (Where documenting a fungible 
issue, need to indicate that the original Warrants 
are already admitted to listing/trading) 
2. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Listing 
Particulars] [The Warrants are specified as being  
["Sustainability Bonds"]/["Green Bonds"]/["Social 
Bonds"] and an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from the issuance of the Warrants will be used as 
described in "Use of Proceeds – ESG Bonds" in 
the Base Listing Particulars] [[] (if reasons for 
the offer are different from what is disclosed in 
the Base Listing Particulars, give details)]  
3. 
RATINGS 
 
[Add if applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See / [include code]24, as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See / [include code]25, as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
                                                   
24  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
25  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 208 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
208 
 
 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
(v) 
Applicable 
code 
under 
any 
clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking S.A.: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Cut-off Time for any clearing 
system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking S.A.: 
[Not Applicable/give time and applicable time 
zone] 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(ix) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Warrant Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
5. 
PERFORMANCE OF REFERENCE ITEM(S) OR BASKET OF REFERENCE ITEM(S), 
EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS 
AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE/EACH REFERENCE ITEM  
[For Warrants listed on the Global Exchange Market or if otherwise required, need to include 
details of [the/each] [company/fund/depositary] issuing the [equity securities/exchange traded 
fund securities/depositary receipt securities], any security identification number of [the/each] 
[equity security/fund/depositary receipt security], where pricing information about [the/each] 
[equity security/exchange traded fund security/depositary receipt security] is available and 
where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] [equity security/exchange 
traded fund security/depositary receipt security] can be obtained [by electronic means and 
whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]] 
[For Warrants listed on the Global Exchange Market or if otherwise required, need to include 
details of [the/each] [index/currency/commodity], where pricing information about [the/each] 
[index/currency/commodity] is available and where past and future performance and volatility 
of [the/each] [index/currency/commodity] can be obtained. Include details of where 
information about [the/each] [index/currency/commodity] can be obtained [by electronic 
means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]] 
[Not Applicable] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
Names [and addresses] of any 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses] of 
entities having a dealer/underwriting role in 
respect of the initial subscription of the Warrants]

--- Page 209 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
209 
 
 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue without 
a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers. 
Terms of appointment to be agreed with the 
relevant Issuer and set out in a purchase 
agreement or other subscription agreement) 
(iii) 
Date of Purchase Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/insert date] 
(iv) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
details, 
including 
any 
additional, supplemental or amended U.S. selling 
restrictions, transfer restrictions and certifications 
that may be required in light of specific terms of 
the securities, including any certifications as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership required upon the 
exercise of the Warrants] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – [at all times/only 
after [specify date]]] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" 
products 
or 
the 
Warrants 
do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Warrants 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified. Specify a date if 
a key information document will be prepared and 
the Warrants may be sold to EEA Retail Investors 
only up to a certain specified date) 
("Applicable – at all times" should be specified for 
sales outside the EEA to ensure there are no 
'flow-back' sales) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[ – at all times/only 
after [specify date]]] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" 
products 
or 
the 
Warrants 
do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
Specify a date if a key information document will 
be prepared and the Warrants may be sold to UK 
Retail Investors only up to a certain specified 
date) 
("Applicable – at all times" should be specified for 
sales outside the UK to ensure there are no 'flow-
back' sales)

--- Page 210 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
210 
 
 
(vii) 
Additional U.S. federal income 
tax consequences: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[The Warrants are [not] Specified Securities for 
the purposes of Section 871(m).] (The Warrants 
will not be Specified Securities if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities. If the Warrants reference a U.S. equity 
or an index that contains a component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities, further analysis will be 
required) [Based on market conditions on the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, the Issuer has 
made a preliminary determination that the 
Warrants are [not] Specified Securities for 
purposes of Section 871(m). This is a preliminary 
determination only that is subject to change 
based on market conditions on the Issue Date. If 
the Issuer's final determination is different then it 
will give notice of such determination.] [Please 
contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer 
contact] for further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Warrants.]

--- Page 211 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
211 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Pricing Supplement dated [Date] 
[Standard Chartered Bank/Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打銀行 (香港) 有限
公司/Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (registration number 201224747C)] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[RILFO74KP1CM8P6PCT96/X5AV1MBDXGRPX5UGMX13/549300MDYVVHJ8D1DW28] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$15,000,000,000 
Notes, Certificates and Warrants Programme 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) have been 
prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area 
("EEA") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes and any offer of Notes in the UK will be 
made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly, any person making 
an offer or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the UK of the Notes may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Manager to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation or to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Manager 
has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [After []],]26 [T/t]he Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such date,] should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA [has 
been prepared/will be published or updated after such date] and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA [after such date] may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]27 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [After [],]28 [T/t]he Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such date,] should 
                                                   
26  
This date reference should not be included in the Pricing Supplement unless a date is specified in item  9 of Part B below. 
27  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products, and no 
key information document will be prepared (where applicable, after the specified date), or the issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable". 
28 
This date reference should not be included in the Pricing Supplement unless a date is specified in item  9 of  Part B below.

--- Page 212 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
212 
 
 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK [has been prepared/will be 
published or updated after such date] and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK [after such date] may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]29  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – The Notes shall be (A) capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (B) Specified Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] [Notification under Section 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the "SFA") – The Notes shall be (A) prescribed capital markets products (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (B) 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]30 
[Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the Banking Act 
1970 of Singapore – (A) the place of booking of the issue is []31; (B) the branch or office of the 
Issuer at which the issue is booked is not subject to regulation or supervision in Singapore; and (C) 
repayment under the Notes is not secured by any means.]32 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated 8 July 2022 and any 
supplement(s) thereto approved on or before the Issue Date of the Notes (together, the "Base Listing 
Particulars"). This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Listing Particulars are available for viewing and copies 
may be obtained from the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated [insert date] and any 
                                                   
29  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
30 
Applicable legend to be included if the Notes are to be sold to Singapore investors. Relevant Person(s) (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the 
Issuer prior to an offer of Notes in Singapore, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. Relevant Manager(s) to consider 
whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
31 
E.g. the place of the office or branch of the relevant Issuer through which the Notes are issued. 
32 
Legend to be included where the Notes are issued by the relevant Issuer (other than through SCBSL) in Singapore dollars 
and with a denomination of less than SGD200,000, even if the Notes are not deposits.

--- Page 213 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
213 
 
 
supplement(s) thereto approved on or before the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
(together, the "Original Base Listing Particulars") which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Listing Particulars dated 8 July 2022. This document must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Listing Particulars dated 8 July 2022 and any supplement(s) thereto approved on or before the Issue 
Date of Tranche [] of the Notes (together, the "Base Listing Particulars"), including the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes incorporated by reference in the Base Listing Particulars, in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. The Base Listing Particulars are available for viewing and copies may be 
obtained from the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
The "Terms and Conditions" applicable to the Notes are the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes described above, as amended and/or supplemented by the relevant Product Terms specified 
below (in each case, as set out in the [Original] Base Listing Particulars), such Terms and Conditions 
as completed by this Pricing Supplement, the "Conditions". 
[Include the next paragraph if the Pricing Supplement is drafted for Notes that are intended to be 
"qualifying debt securities" under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore and/or for all Notes issued by 
SCBSL (which, unless otherwise agreed, shall be qualifying debt securities): 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from 
any Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in 
Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available (subject to 
certain conditions) for "qualifying debt securities" under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (the 
"Income Tax Act") shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of 
such person's operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose 
interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Notes 
is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a 
return of income made under the Income Tax Act. For further details, please refer to the section 
entitled "Taxation of Securities — Singapore Taxation" in the Base Listing Particulars.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Standard Chartered Bank, [acting through its 
principal office in London]/[acting through its 
Specified Branch]] / [Standard Chartered Bank 
(Hong Kong) Limited] / [Standard Chartered Bank 
(Singapore) Limited] 
(ii) 
Specified Branch: 
[Not Applicable/Dubai International Financial 
Centre/New York/Specify] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes will be consolidated 
and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranche(s)] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note, as referred to in 
item  47 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about []/the date after the end of the Distribution 
Compliance Period, which is expected to occur on 
or about [insert 41st calendar day after Issue Date 
of Tranche]]]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] / [The Notes are Alternate Currency Notes:

--- Page 214 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
214 
 
 
 
Denomination Currency: [] 
 
Payment Currency: 
[]] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)]] / [[] 
per Unit] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[[€]100,000 and integral multiples of [€][1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€][199,000]. 
No notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€][199,000]] / [] 
 
(N.B. As the issue of the Notes is (i) not admitted 
to trading on a European Economic Area 
exchange and (ii) only offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is not required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation, the €100,000 (or 
equivalent) 
minimum 
denomination 
is 
not 
required) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
insert 
the 
highest 
common factor. N.B. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
(iii) 
Unit: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable: 
each 
Unit 
shall 
comprise [[] in nominal amount of the Notes/the 
Specified Denomination] (N.B. Minimum nominal 
amount of €100,000 (or equivalent) is required 
and must be a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount)] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/Not Applicable/[]] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate — [Specify date]] 
 
[Floating rate — Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to [Specify month]] 
 
[EMAP Securities — [] or, if later, the [] 
Business Day following the [[last occurring] 
[Averaging/Valuation] Date] / [last day of the Final 
Execution Period]] [, subject as provided in the 
definition of Physical Election] 
 
[Credit Linked Securities
—
[Specify date] / 
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to  
 
[Currency Linked Securities — [] or, if later, the

--- Page 215 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
215 
 
 
[] Business Day following the [last occurring] 
[Averaging/Valuation] Date] 
 
[Commodity Linked Securities — [] or, if later, 
the [] Business Day following the [last occurring] 
Pricing Date]] 
 
[Index Linked Securities — [] or, if later, the [] 
Business 
Day 
following 
the 
[last 
occurring][Averaging/Valuation] Date] 
 
[Specify month]]
 
[[Specify date][, adjusted in accordance with 
[Specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
[[[] Business Days after] [t/T]he final Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(Where the Notes are Floating Rate Notes for 
which ISDA Determination applies and the 
Compounding Method is specified to be "OIS 
Compounding", specify "Floating Rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [Specify 
month]") 
9. 
Description of Notes: 
[Fixed Rate Notes] [Floating Rate Notes] [Zero 
Coupon Notes] [Non-interest bearing Notes] 
[Equity Linked Notes] [Market Access Product 
Notes] [Credit Linked Notes] [Currency Linked 
Notes] [Commodity Linked Notes] [Index Linked 
Notes] [Pass-through Linked Notes] [As specified 
below/Not Applicable] [specify other] 
 
(Specify one or more of the above, as applicable)
10. 
Product Terms: 
[Equity and Market Access Product Terms: 
Applicable (and the Notes are [Reverse] SCEEN 
Notes)] 
 
(further details specified in item  16 and item  33 
below)]  
 
[Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version): Applicable (further details 
specified in item  37 below)] 
 
[Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version): Applicable 
(further details specified in item  38 below)] 
 
[Currency Terms: Applicable 
(further details specified in item  17 [and] [ 25] [and] 
[ 39] below)] 
 
[Commodity Terms: Applicable 
(further details specified in item  18 [and] [ 26] [and] 
[ 40] below)] 
 
[Index Terms: Applicable 
(further details specified in item  19 [and] [ 27] [and] 
[ 41] below)] 
 
[Pass-Through Terms: Applicable 
(further details specified in item  21 below)] 
 
[Specify other] [Not Applicable]
 
(Specify one or more of the above, as applicable)
11. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes which are also [Range Accrual 
Notes] [FX Performance Notes]] 
 
[[] 
[month/year] 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/Compounded

--- Page 216 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
216 
 
 
Daily 
SONIA/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR] 
[x[Insert 
Multiplier]] [+/- [] per cent. per annum] Floating 
Rate] 
[Floating Rate Notes which are also [Range 
Accrual Notes] [FX Performance Notes]] 
[The CMS [Spread] Rate] [x[Insert Multiplier]] [+/- 
[] per cent. per annum]]  
 
[Structured Rate Notes] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
[Non-interest bearing] 
 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
 
[Currency Linked Interest] 
 
[Commodity Linked Interest] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Pass-through Linked Interest] 
 
[converted into the Payment Currency] 
 
[Specify other]
 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
item 
[ 22/ 22/ 23/ 24/ 25/ 26/ 27/ 28] below)] 
 
(Specify one or more of the above, as applicable)
12. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par]  
 
[Redemption at [] per cent.] 
 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
 
[Currency Linked Redemption] 
 
[Commodity Linked Redemption] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[Pass-through Linked Redemption] 
 
[converted into the Payment Currency] 
 
[Specify other]
 
[if Conditions to Settlement are not satisfied] 
 
[if a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred] 
 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
item 
[ 35/ 36/ 37/ 38/ 39/ 40/ 41/ 43/ 44] below) 
 
(Specify one or more of the above, as applicable)
13. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provisions for change of 
Notes 
into 
another 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis] / [Not Applicable] 
[Variation of Settlement is applicable. See item  36 
below]  
14. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[SCEEN Notes] 
 
[Reverse SCEEN Notes] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified in item [ 31/ 32/ 33] 
below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Date Board (or similar) approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)

--- Page 217 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
217 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PRODUCT TERMS 
16. 
Equity and Market Access Product 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
basket of equity securities, a 
basket of exchange traded fund 
securities, 
a 
basket 
of 
depositary receipt securities, a 
single equity security, a single 
exchange traded fund security, a 
single depositary receipt security 
(each an "Underlying Asset"), a 
basket of indices or a single 
index (each, an "Index") and the 
identity of the relevant issuer(s) 
of the Underlying Asset(s) (each 
an "Asset Issuer") or identity of 
the relevant Index/Indices and 
details of the relevant sponsors 
(each, a "Sponsor"): 
[Basket of Underlying Assets/Single Underlying 
Asset/Basket of Indices/Single Index/Basket of 
Underlying Assets and Indices/Not Applicable] 
[Specify each Underlying Asset/Asset Issuer or 
Index/Sponsor] [Where the Underlying Assets are 
managed, details of initial Underlying Assets and 
rules regarding varying the basket to be set out in 
an Annex to this Pricing Supplement] 
[[] is an ETF Security] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset) 
[[] is a Depositary Receipt Security and 
[Full/Partial] Lookthrough applies] (Specify for 
each relevant Underlying Asset) 
[[] is a Multi-Exchange Index] (Specify for each 
relevant Index) 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
(a) 
Multiplier: 
[Specify the multiplier for each Underlying 
Asset/Index in the basket] / [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
[] / [Not Applicable] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset/Index) 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time] / [] / [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Exchange: 
[] / [Principal Exchanges] (Specify for each 
relevant Underlying Asset/Index. N.B.: Principal 
Exchanges 
only 
relates 
to 
Multi-Exchange 
Indices) (N.B: For Notes listed on Euronext 
Dublin, the Exchange for any Underlying Asset 
must be a "regulated, regularly operating, 
recognised open market") 
(If Additional Provisions for Underlying Assets 
traded through the China Connect Service are 
specified as Applicable for an Underlying Asset, 
the Exchange for such Underlying Asset must be 
the 
Shanghai 
Stock 
Exchange 
and/or 
the 
Shenzhen Stock Exchange) 
(f) 
Related Exchange: 
[] / [All Exchanges] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset/Index)

--- Page 218 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
218 
 
 
(g) 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(h) 
De-listing, 
Merger 
Event, Nationalisation 
and Insolvency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(i) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(j) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
 
- 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Insolvency 
Filing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
- 
Failure 
to 
Deliver: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes are 
cash settled only or relate to a single Index or a 
basket of Indices) 
- 
Hedging 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Loss of Stock 
Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
- 
Increased Cost 
of Stock Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Notes relate 
to a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
- 
Increased Cost 
of Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(k) 
ETF Fund Termination 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable where Notes relate to 
Underlying Assets which are ETF Securities) 
(l) 
Underlying 
Share 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where the Underlying 
Assets are Depositary Receipt Securities)

--- Page 219 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
219 
 
 
(m) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for Underlying Assets 
traded 
through 
the 
China 
Connect 
Service: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of []] 
(If the Notes relate to more than one Underlying 
Asset, specify the Underlying Asset(s) to which 
these provisions relate) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
 
- 
China Connect 
Share 
Disqualification: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
China Connect 
Service 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Other 
terms 
and 
special 
conditions 
relating to Notes linked 
to a dynamic basket of 
Underlying Assets: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. See Annex hereto] 
(If applicable, specify other terms and special 
conditions in Annex) 
(ii) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
basket of fund interests or a 
single fund interest (each, a 
"Fund Interest") and the identity 
of the related fund(s) (each, a 
"Fund"): 
[Basket of Fund Interests/Single Fund Interest/Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify each Fund Interest/Fund and size of 
relevant Fund Interest] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Fixing Date(s): 
[Specify for each Fund] 
(N.B. Specify more than one Initial Fixing Date per 
Fund where there is more than one notional 
investment on different dates) 
(b) 
Realised 
Value 
Exit 
Date(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify more than one Realised Value Exit 
Date per Fund where there is more than one 
notional realisation on different dates) 
(c) 
Reference Price: 
[Realised 
Value/Reported 
Reference 
Price/Subscription Value] [Specify] 
(d) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in 
Equity and Market Access Product Term  9 
applies] 
[The relevant screen page is []] 
(e) 
Fund Administrator: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in 
Equity and Market Access Product Term  9

--- Page 220 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
220 
 
 
applies] 
(f) 
Fund Adviser: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in 
Equity and Market Access Product Term  9 
applies] 
(g) 
Key Personnel: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in 
Equity and Market Access Product Term  9 
applies] 
(h) 
Hypothetical 
Investor 
Jurisdiction: 
[Specify] 
(i) 
Scheduled 
Fund 
Publication Date: 
[[Each Averaging/The Valuation] Date] / [The 
[Business Day] following []] / [Specify] 
(j) 
Fund 
Business 
Day 
Centre(s): 
[Specify] 
(k) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Roll Number: 
[] Fund Business Days 
(m) 
Delay Period: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in 
Equity and Market Access Product Term  9 
applies] 
(n) 
Fund Events: 
 
- 
Fund 
Replacement 
following 
Fund 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Additional Fund 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
- 
Fund 
Composition 
Event(s): 
[Fund Change in Law] 
[Fund Hedging Disruption] 
[Fund Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Set out details of the event(s) in full, including all 
relevant triggers and observables/Not Applicable] 
- 
Fund Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Fund Settlement Disruption] 
[Fund Publication Disruption] 
- 
Fund 
Extraordinary 
Event(s): 
[Fund Nationalisation] 
[Fund Insolvency Event] 
[NAV Trigger Event] 
 
[Adviser/Key Personnel Removal Event] 
 
[Fund Modification] 
 
[Fees or Charges Event] 
 
[Strategy Breach] 
 
[Regulatory Action] 
 
[Tax Change] 
 
[Reporting Disruption] 
 
[New Information Event] 
 
[Limitation Event] 
 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
 
[Fund Service Provider Cessation]

--- Page 221 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
221 
 
 
 
[Fund Service Provider Disruption]  
 
[Related Agreement Termination: Specify any 
other relevant party] 
 
[Reputational Event] 
 
[Holding Limit Event – For which purpose, the 
Voting percentage is: [As defined in the Equity 
and Market Access Product Terms]/[%]] 
[Fund Adviser Event] 
[Holding Ratio]  
[Accounting Event] 
[Closure of the Fund] 
[Volcker Rule Non-Compliance Event] 
 
[specify]
- 
Fund 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Notice 
Periods 
for 
paragraph  2(ii) 
of 
the 
Equity 
and 
Market 
Access Product 
Terms: 
Minimum Period: 
[15]/ [] [days/Business 
Days] 
Maximum Period: 
[[30]/ [] [days/Business 
Days] /Not Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
(iii) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
relevant account or basket of 
relevant 
accounts 
(each, 
a 
"Relevant Account") and the 
entity with whom such account 
is held and managed: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify each relevant account and entity] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Terms 
and 
special 
conditions relating to 
Notes 
linked 
to 
Relevant Accounts: 
See the Annex hereto. 
(If applicable, specify details of the account and 
entity and other terms and special conditions in 
Annex) 
(iv) 
Force Majeure Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[] / [As specified in paragraph  3 of the Equity 
and Market Access Product Terms] 
(b) 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Market 
Disruption 
Event prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Relevant 
Adjustment 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 222 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
222 
 
 
Event prevails: 
(v) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special 
conditions relating to Equity and 
Market Access Product Terms: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
17. 
Currency Terms 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Provisions relating to Currency 
Terms: 
[Specify relevant terms and conditions] 
[As set out in the Currency Terms] 
(ii) 
Alternate Currency Notes or FX 
Performance 
Interest 
Notes 
Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
FX Rate: 
[] [As defined in paragraph [3] of the Currency 
Terms, for which purpose: 
 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Settlement 
Period: 
[Specify] 
[Reference 
Currency Business Days] 
 
 
Price Source: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Principal 
Financial 
Centre: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Initial 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable for 
Alternate Currency Notes) 
(b) 
Interest 
Amount/Final 
Redemption 
Amount/Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
converted 
into 
Payment Currency: 
By [dividing/multiplying] such amount by the FX 
Rate 
(c) 
Disruption 
Fallback 
Provisions: 
[As set out in paragraph [3] of the Currency 
Terms] / 
[The following Disruption Fallback Provisions 
apply, in the following order:

--- Page 223 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
223 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
[Fallback Reference Price] 
[Fallback Survey Valuation Postponement, for 
which purpose FSVP Number of Reference 
Currency Business Days is []] (Only specify 
following Fallback Reference Price) 
[Calculation Agent Determination]] 
(d) 
Fallback Rate for the 
purposes of Fallback 
Reference Price: 
Not Applicable] / [Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback Rate: [[] / [As defined in paragraph [3] 
of the Currency Terms, for which purpose: 
 
 
Fallback 
Reference 
Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Fallback 
Settlment 
Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Fallback 
Settlement 
Period: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Fallback 
Price 
Source: 
[Specify] 
 
 
Fallback 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] 
(iii) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub paragraph) 
- 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As specified in paragraph [ 4] of the Currency 
Terms] 
- 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
18. 
Commodity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Provisions relating to Commodity 
Terms: 
[Specify relevant terms and conditions] 
- 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price: 
[Specify] 
- 
Exchange: 
[Specify]

--- Page 224 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
224 
 
 
- 
Market Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Period 
for 
applying 
corrections: 
[Specify period during which corrections will 
apply/The period set out in paragraph  1(ii) of the 
Commodity Terms applies] 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
[ 2] 
of 
the 
Commodity Terms] 
- 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
- 
Market Disruption Event 
prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19. 
Index Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
basket of indices or a single 
index (each, an "Index") and the 
identity 
of 
the 
relevant 
Index/Indices and details of the 
relevant 
sponsors 
(each, 
a 
"Sponsor"): 
[Basket of Indices/Single Index] 
[Specify each Index/Sponsor] 
 
(a) 
Multiplier: 
[Specify the multiplier for each Underlying 
Asset/Index in the basket] / [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
[] / [Not Applicable] (Specify for each relevant 
Index) 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time] / [] 
(d) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Exchange: 
[] (Specify for each relevant /Index) 
(f) 
Related Exchange: 
[] / [All Exchanges] (Specify for each relevant 
Index) 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Events 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Relevant Jurisdiction 
[]/[As specified in paragraph [ 2] of the Index 
Terms] 
- 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
- 
Market Disruption Event 
prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 225 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
225 
 
 
(iii) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special 
conditions 
relating 
to 
Index 
Terms: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
20. 
Pass-Through Terms: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
FX Rate: 
[Specify] 
(ii) 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[Specify] / [Definition set out in paragraph 17 of 
the Pass-through Terms applies] 
(iii) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Merger Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Holder Jurisdiction: 
[Specify] 
21. 
Other Product Terms: 
[Not Applicable] / [Specify] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
22. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Weighted Average Rate 
as specified in paragraph  1(iv) of the Credit Terms 
(2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[] in each year, commencing on (and including) 
[] up to (and including) [][, adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[Specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date] / [[] in each year, 
commencing on (and including) [] up to (and 
including) [][, adjusted in accordance with 
[Specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iv) 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[In respect of an Interest Payment Date, [] 
[Business Days/Reference Currency Business 
Days] prior to the relevant [Specified] Interest 
[Period/Payment] Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable in the case of Alternate Currency 
Notes and FX Performance Interest Notes) 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on []] / [Not

--- Page 226 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
226 
 
 
Applicable] 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)) 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [x Accrual 
Rate] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[Actual/360] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] [x Accrual 
Rate] 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [x Accrual Rate] 
[1/1] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[Specify other – insert definition]
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
(ix) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
[None/give details] 
(x) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Leveraged 
Range 
Accrual: 
[Applicable – for which purpose, Leverage means 
[]]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
RA Rate(s): 
RA Rate [1/2]: [Floating Rate] / [CMS Rate] / 
[CMS Spread Rate] which is [a Screen Rate] [an 
ISDA Rate] determined in accordance with [ISDA 
Determination] / [Screen Rate Determination] 
where: 
(Repeat for RA Rate 1 and RA Rate 2, where 
applicable) 
 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify 
and, 
where 
a 
different 
Designated 
Maturity applies for different 
Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can 
be 
tabulated] 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[]

--- Page 227 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
227 
 
 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] 
in 
[specify 
relevant 
financial centre] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Only 
specify 
Applicable 
where the Reference Rate 
is USD LIBOR)] 
 
[Insert where RA Rate [1/2] is a Floating Rate, a 
CMS Rate or a CMS Spread Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination: 
 
[CMS Spread Rate [1/2]:] (Include where the RA 
Rate is a CMS Spread Rate and repeat as 
applicable) 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions 
have been reviewed in 
relation to Version 6 dated 
27 May 2022 of the 2021 
Definitions. If a later version 
is 
to 
be 
followed, 
the 
Conditions 
should 
be 
reviewed 
carefully 
to 
ensure compatibility with 
the relevant ISDA Rate 
before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where 
the 
2021 
Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure 
that 
this 
is 
a 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify 
and, 
where 
a 
different 
Designated 
Maturity applies for different 
Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can 
be 
tabulated] 
 
 
Business 
Day 
(for 
the 
purposes of the 
[] / [As defined in the 
Conditions]]

--- Page 228 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
228 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
(c) 
Scheduled Publication 
Day: 
[Any day on which commercial banks [and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and] are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
[Specify the or each relevant centre]][U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day][A day on 
which the TARGET System is open][]] 
(d) 
Accrual Condition: 
Reference Rate 1 is [[at or above] [above] the 
[respective] Lower Barrier Rate 1] [and] [[at or 
below] [below] the [respective] Upper Barrier Rate 
1] [AND Reference Rate 2 is [[at or above] 
[above] the [respective] Lower Barrier Rate 2] 
[and] [[at or below] [below] the [respective] Upper 
Barrier Rate 2]] (Specify as applicable) 
(e) 
Barrier Rates: 
 
- 
Lower 
Barrier 
Rate 1: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage set out for such 
Interest Period in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Lower Barrier Rate 1 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
- 
Upper 
Barrier 
Rate 1: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, as set out for such Interest Period 
in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Upper Barrier Rate 1 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
- 
Lower 
Barrier 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, as set out for such Interest Period 
in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Lower Barrier Rate 2 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
- 
Upper 
Barrier 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage set out for such 
Interest Period in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Upper Barrier Rate 2 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent.

--- Page 229 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
229 
 
 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
(f) 
Range Accrual Cut-Off 
Observation Date: 
[[X] Business Days] / [[X] Scheduled Publication 
Days]] immediately preceding the Interest Period 
Date falling at the end of such Interest Period 
22. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[] in each year, commencing on (and including) 
[] up to (and including) [][, adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[Specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date] / [[] in each year, 
commencing on (and including) [] up to (and 
including) [][, adjusted in accordance with 
[Specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(Where ISDA Determination applies, the 2021 
Definitions are Specified and Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
is the Day Count Fraction, specify No Adjustment 
in order to follow the standard position under 
ISDA) 
 
[For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall only 
accrue to (but excluding) the Final Interest Period 
Date and no interest shall be payable in respect of 
the period from (and including) such Final Interest 
Period Date to (and including) the Final Interest 
Payment Date] 
(Include where the Notes are Floating Rate Notes 
for which ISDA Determination applies and the 
compounding method is specified to be "OIS 
Compounding" and note that the Interest Payment 
Dates must fall after the Interest Period Dates) 
(iii) 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[[] [Business Days/Scheduled Trading Days] 
prior 
to 
the 
relevant 
[Specified] 
Interest 
[Period/Payment] Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable in the case of Alternate Currency 
Notes and FX Performance Interest Notes) 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
/ 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
/ 
[CMS 
Determination] 
/ 
[Compounded Rate Determination] / [Indexed

--- Page 230 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
230 
 
 
Rate Determination] / [Specify other]
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
determining, 
calculating 
and 
notifying the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s): 
[Agent] / [Calculation Agent] / [] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If a specified Reference Rate is applied, 
consideration should be given as to whether the 
fallbacks set out in the Conditions are appropriate 
for such rate) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[currency] [LIBOR / EURIBOR / HIBOR / SIBOR] 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
(c) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(d) 
Specified Time: 
[] in [specify relevant financial centre] 
(e) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] (Applicable in the case of 
LIBOR (other than Sterling, Euro or USD LIBOR)) 
 
[First London Banking Day of each Interest 
Period] (Applicable in the case of Sterling LIBOR) 
 
[Second London Banking Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] (Applicable in the case of 
USD LIBOR) 
 
[Second TARGET Settlement Day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] (Applicable in the 
case of Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR) 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] (Applicable in 
the case of HIBOR) 
 
[Second Singapore business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] (Applicable in the case of 
SIBOR) 
(f) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] 
(Only specify Applicable where the Reference 
Rate is USD LIBOR) 
(vii) 
Compounded 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Compounded 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA / SOFR / €STR / SORA / TONA]]

--- Page 231 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
231 
 
 
(b) 
RFR 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lookback] / [Observation Period Shift] 
(c) 
Lookback/Shift Factor: 
[[] [London Business Days] / [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] / [Singapore Business 
Day] / [Tokyo Business Days] / [TARGET 
Settlement Days] (Specify London Business Days 
for SONIA, U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days for SOFR, TARGET Settlement Days for 
€STR, Singapore Business Days for SORA and 
Tokyo Business Days for TONA. N.B. Must be at 
least three such relevant days to allow clearing 
system payments and may only be less than five 
such relevant days with the prior written consent 
of the Agent)] 
(d) 
Fixing Day: 
[Specify for SONIA: 1 London Business Day 
following the day "i"] / [Specify for SOFR: 1 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following 
the day "i"] / [Specify for €STR: 1 Target 
Settlement Day following the day "i"] / [Specify for 
SORA: 1 Singapore Business Day following the 
day "i"] / [Specify for TONA: 1 Tokyo Business 
Day following the day "i"] 
(e) 
Fixing Time: 
[Specify for SONIA: 9 a.m. London time] / [Specify 
for SOFR: 9 a.m. NewYork City time] / [Specify for 
€STR: 9 a.m. Frankfurt time] / [Specify for SORA: 
9 a.m. Singapore time] / [Specify for TONA: 10 
a.m. Tokyo time] 
(f) 
Daily Capped Rate 
and/or Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method. If 
Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and 
Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
(viii) 
Indexed Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounded Daily SONIA – 
Index Determination and Compounded Daily 
SOFR – Index Determination. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Rate and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[Compounded Daily SONIA / Compounded Daily 
SOFR] / [Specify] 
(b) 
Relevant Number: 
[] (N.B. Must be at least three to allow clearing 
system payments and may only be less than five 
with the prior written consent of the Agent)

--- Page 232 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
232 
 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions have been reviewed in 
relation to Version 6 dated 27 May 2022 of the 
2021 Definitions. If a later version is to be 
followed, the Conditions should be reviewed 
carefully to ensure compatibility with the relevant 
ISDA Rate before use) 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
Definitions)) 
(c) 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date] / [] 
(d) 
Termination Date: 
[Last occurring Interest Period Date] / [] 
(e) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
(f) 
Reset Date: 
[] / [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business Day Convention]  
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such 
dates, in which case delete the reference to 
Business Day Convention so that relevant ISDA 
fallbacks relating to Business Day Conventions 
will apply) 
(g) 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Business Day (for the 
purposes of the ISDA 
Definitions): 
[] / [As defined in the Conditions] 
(i) 
Minimum ISDA Rate: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate 
Option and an Index Method. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 233 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
233 
 
 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be selected if 
the 
2021 
Definitions 
are 
specified)] 
/ 
[Compounded Index Method] / [Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift] / [As 
specified in the [2006] / [2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is to 
be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] / [As specified in the [2006] / 
[2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []]] 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of 
the Day Count Fraction) 
(k) 
2021 Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated Maturity)] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Adjusted 
Temporary 
Non-Publication 
Fallback: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify applicable only where the Calculation 
Agent is the Agent) 
(x) 
CMS Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
determined 
by 
reference to: 
[CMS Rate] [CMS Spread Rate] 
(b) 
CMS Rate: 
[Screen Rate] / [ISDA Rate] determined in 
accordance with [ISDA Determination] / [Screen 
Rate Determination] where: 
 
[Insert where CMS Rate is determined in 
accordance with Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify 
and, 
where 
a 
different 
Designated 
Maturity applies for different 
Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can 
be 
tabulated]

--- Page 234 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
234 
 
 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] 
in 
[specify 
relevant 
financial centre] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify]] 
 
[Insert where CMS Rate is determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination: 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions 
have been reviewed in 
relation to Version 6 dated 
27 May 2022 of the 2021 
Definitions. If a later version 
is 
to 
be 
followed, 
the 
Conditions 
should 
be 
reviewed 
carefully 
to 
ensure compatibility with 
the relevant ISDA Rate 
before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where 
the 
2021 
Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure 
that 
this 
is 
a 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify 
and, 
where 
a 
different 
Designated 
Maturity applies for different 
Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can 
be 
tabulated] 
 
 
Business 
Day 
(for 
the 
purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[] / [As defined in the 
Conditions]] 
(c) 
CMS Spread Rate: 
[CMS Spread Rate [1/2]: [Screen Rate] / [ISDA 
Rate] determined in accordance with [ISDA 
Determination] / [Screen Rate Determination] 
where:

--- Page 235 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
235 
 
 
 
(Repeat for CMS Spread Rate 1 and CMS Spread 
Rate 2) 
 
[Insert 
where 
CMS 
Spread 
Rate [1/2] 
is 
determined in accordance with Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[specify] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify and, where a 
different 
Designated 
Maturity 
applies 
for 
different 
Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can 
be 
tabulated] 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[ 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] in [specify relevant 
financial centre] 
 
[Insert 
where 
CMS 
Spread 
Rate [1/2] 
is 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
ISDA 
Determination: 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] 
[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions 
are 
Applicable, note that 
the 
Conditions 
have 
been 
reviewed 
in 
relation to Version 6 
dated 27 May 2022 of 
the 2021 Definitions. If 
a later version is to be 
followed, 
the 
Conditions should be 
reviewed carefully to 
ensure 
compatibility 
with the relevant ISDA 
Rate before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where 
the 
2021 
Definitions 
are 
Applicable, ensure that 
this is a Floating Rate 
Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 
Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated 
[Specify and, where a

--- Page 236 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
236 
 
 
Maturity: 
different 
Designated 
Maturity 
applies 
for 
different 
Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can 
be 
tabulated] 
 
 
Business Day (for 
the purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions): 
[] / [As defined in the 
Conditions]] 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] (Specify for 
each long/short Interest Period) 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum/Not 
Applicable/Weighted Average Rate as specified in 
paragraph 1(iv) of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)] 
(xiii) 
Multiplier:  
[] 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [x Accrual 
Rate] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[Actual/360] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] [x Accrual 
Rate] 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [x Accrual Rate] 
 
[Specify other – insert definition]
("Accrual Rate" relevant in relation to Range 
Accrual Notes only) 
 
(See the General Terms and Conditions for 
alternatives) 
 
(xvii) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
RA Rate(s): 
RA Rate [1/2]: [Floating Rate] / [CMS Rate] / 
[CMS Spread Rate] which is [a Screen Rate] [an 
ISDA Rate] determined in accordance with [ISDA 
Determination] / [Screen Rate Determination] 
where: 
(Repeat for RA Rate 1 and RA Rate 2, where 
applicable) 
 
[Insert where RA Rate [1/2] is a Floating Rate, a 
CMS Rate or a CMS Spread Rate determined in

--- Page 237 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
237 
 
 
accordance with Screen Rate Determination:
 
[CMS Spread Rate [1/2]:] (Include where the RA 
Rate is a CMS Spread Rate and repeat as 
applicable) 
 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify 
and, 
where 
a 
different 
Designated 
Maturity applies for different 
Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can 
be 
tabulated] 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[] 
in 
[specify 
relevant 
financial centre] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation
: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Only 
specify 
Applicable 
where the Reference Rate 
is USD LIBOR)] 
 
[Insert where RA Rate [1/2] is a Floating Rate, a 
CMS Rate or a CMS Spread Rate determined in 
accordance with ISDA Determination: 
 
[CMS Spread Rate [1/2]:] (Include where the RA 
Rate is a CMS Spread Rate and repeat as 
applicable) 
 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions are Applicable, 
note that the Conditions 
have been reviewed in 
relation to Version 6 dated 
27 May 2022 of the 2021 
Definitions. If a later version 
is 
to 
be 
followed, 
the 
Conditions 
should 
be 
reviewed 
carefully 
to 
ensure compatibility with 
the relevant ISDA Rate 
before use) 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[]

--- Page 238 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
238 
 
 
(Where 
the 
2021 
Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure 
that 
this 
is 
a 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[Specify 
and, 
where 
a 
different 
Designated 
Maturity applies for different 
Interest 
Periods, 
such 
information 
can 
be 
tabulated] 
 
 
Business 
Day 
(for 
the 
purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[] / [As defined in the 
Conditions]] 
(b) 
Scheduled Publication 
Day: 
[Any day on which commercial banks [and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and] are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
[Specify the or each relevant centre]][U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day][A day on 
which the TARGET System is open][]] 
(c) 
Accrual Condition: 
Reference Rate 1 is [[at or above] [above] the 
[respective] Lower Barrier Rate 1] [and] [[at or 
below] [below] the [respective] Upper Barrier Rate 
1] [AND Reference Rate 2 is [[at or above] 
[above] the [respective] Lower Barrier Rate 2] 
[and] [[at or below] [below] the [respective] Upper 
Barrier Rate 2]] (Specify as applicable) 
(d) 
Barrier Rates: 
 
- 
Lower 
Barrier 
Rate 1: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage set out for such 
Interest Period in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Lower Barrier Rate 1 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
- 
Upper 
Barrier 
Rate 1: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, as set out for such Interest Period 
in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Upper Barrier Rate 1 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where

--- Page 239 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
239 
 
 
different)]
- 
Lower 
Barrier 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, as set out for such Interest Period 
in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Lower Barrier Rate 2 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
- 
Upper 
Barrier 
Rate 2: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent.] / [In respect of an 
Interest Period, the percentage set out for such 
Interest Period in the table below: 
 
 
Interest Period 
Upper Barrier Rate 2 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
[Specify]
[] per cent. 
 
 
(Specify in respect of each Interest Period where 
different)] 
(e) 
Range Accrual Cut-Off 
Observation Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [[] Scheduled Publication 
Days]] immediately preceding the Interest Period 
Date falling at the end of such Interest Period 
(xviii) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest on 
Floating Rate Notes, if different 
from those set out in the 
General Terms and Conditions: 
[] 
23. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/365] 
(iv) 
Any 
other formula/basis 
for 
determining amount payable: 
[] 
24. 
Equity Linked Interest Provisions – 
Interest/Interim Amounts in respect 
of Equity Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interim Amounts: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable only in relation to Market Access

--- Page 240 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
240 
 
 
Product Notes that relate to a single Underlying 
Asset or a Basket of Underlying Assets. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
- 
Interim 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[The [] Business Day following the date on which 
the relevant Applicable Cash Dividend Amount is 
received by a Qualified Investor entitled to receive 
it] / [] 
- 
Dividend Percentage: 
[10 per cent./Specify other] 
- 
Dividend Start Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Equity Linked Interest Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Formula or method for 
calculating 
interest 
rate 
and/or 
interest 
amount 
(including 
back-up provisions): 
[Give or annex details] 
(b) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
specified 
in 
item  24(ii)(d) below/not adjusted] 
(c) 
Interest 
Period 
Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date] / [[] in each year] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
determining, 
calculating 
and 
notifying the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent] / [] 
(f) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Specify] 
(i) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
25. 
Currency Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 241 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
241 
 
 
(i) 
Currency 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Formula or method for 
calculating 
interest 
rate 
and/or 
interest 
amount 
(including 
back-up provisions): 
[Give annex details] 
(b) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
specified 
in 
item  25(i)(d) below/not adjusted] 
(c) 
Interest 
Period 
Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date] / [[] in each year] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
determining, 
calculating 
and 
notifying the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent] / [] 
(f) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Specify] 
(i) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
26. 
Commodity Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Commodity 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Formula or method for 
calculating 
interest 
rate 
and/or 
interest 
amount 
(including 
back-up provisions): 
[Give or annex details] 
(b) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
specified 
in

--- Page 242 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
242 
 
 
item  26(i)(d) below/not adjusted] 
(c) 
Interest 
Period 
Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date] / [[] in each year] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
determining, 
calculating 
and 
notifying the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent] / [] 
(f) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Specify] 
(i) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
27. 
Index Linked Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index Linked Interest Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Formula or method for 
calculating 
interest 
rate 
and/or 
interest 
amount 
(including 
back-up provisions): 
[Give or annex details] 
(b) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
specified 
in 
item  27(i)(d) below /not adjusted] 
(c) 
Interest 
Period 
Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date] / [[] in each year] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(e) 
Party responsible for 
determining, 
calculating 
and 
notifying the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
[Calculation Agent] / []

--- Page 243 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
243 
 
 
Amount(s): 
(f) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Specify] 
(i) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
28. 
Other 
interest 
provisions 
(including 
provisions relating to Structured Rate 
Notes): 
[Specify, including fallbacks (if applicable)] 
29. 
Pass-Through Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
as 
Applicable for all Pass-through Linked Notes] 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date number 
of Business Days immediately 
following each Reference Asset 
Coupon Amount Payment Date: 
[] Business Days 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION AND PRO RATA REDUCTION 
30. 
Notice 
Periods 
for 
Condition 
 6(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons) of the 
General Terms and Conditions: 
Minimum Period: 
[30]/ [] [days/Business 
Days] 
Maximum Period: 
[[60]/ [] [days/Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum period of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
31. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[] in each year] / [Each Interest Payment Date] / 
[As specified in the Table below] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
dates) 
(ii) 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[In respect of an Optional Redemption Date, [] 
[Business Days/Reference Currency Business 
Days] prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable in the case of Alternate Currency 
Notes)

--- Page 244 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
244 
 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and/or 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [As specified in the 
Table below] / [Specify method] 
 
[The Notes are Alternate Currency Notes – the 
Specified Amount is [] (Specify a currency 
amount in the Denomination Currency) 
 
As provided in the Conditions, the Specified 
Amount will be converted into the Payment 
Currency by either dividing or multiplying (as 
specified in item  17(ii)(b)) the Specified Amount 
by the FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date and the 
amount so converted into the Payment Currency 
will be the Optional Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount] 
(iv) 
Optional Redemption Price: 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
TABLE 
 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Price 
 
[]] 
[]] 
[]] 
 
(Specify for each Optional Redemption Date) 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(vi) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: 
[15]/ 
[] 
[days/Business 
Days] 
 
Maximum Period: 
[[30]/[ 
[] 
[days/Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum period of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
(vii) 
Pro Rata Reduction: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Reduction 
[[] in each year] / [Each Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 245 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
245 
 
 
Date(s): 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
dates) 
(b) 
Optional 
Reduction 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
32. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[] in each year] / [Each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
dates) 
(ii) 
FX Valuation Date(s): 
[In respect of an Optional Redemption Date, [] 
[Business Days/Reference Currency Business 
Days] prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable in the case of Alternate Currency 
Notes) 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and/or 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [Specify method] 
[The Notes are Alternate Currency Notes – the 
Specified Amount is [] (Specify a currency 
amount in the Denomination Currency) 
 
As provided in the Conditions, the Specified 
Amount will be converted into the Payment 
Currency by either dividing or multiplying (as 
specified in item  17(ii)(b)) the Specified Amount 
by the FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date and the 
amount so converted into the Payment Currency 
will be the Optional Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: 
[15]/ 
[] 
[days/Business 
Days] 
 
Maximum Period: 
[[30]/[ 
[] 
[days/Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum period of 15 clearing system business 
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well as 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
(v) 
Adjustment for Hedging Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
33. 
Investor Put in respect of SCEEN Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 246 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
246 
 
 
and Reverse SCEEN Notes: 
(Applicable only in relation to Equity Linked Notes 
that relate to a single Underlying Asset. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Exercise Period: 
From ([and including/but excluding]) [] to ([but 
excluding/and including]) [] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
As described in paragraph  5(i) of the Equity and 
Market Access Product Terms 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Effective Date 
(iv) 
Parity Level Cap ("PLC"): 
[[] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(v) 
N: 
[] 
(vi) 
Conversion Value: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable only for Reverse SCEEN Notes) 
(vii) 
FX Rate ("FX"): 
[Applicable: Underlying Asset Currency: []] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
(viii) 
Valuation Date: 
The [] Scheduled Trading Day following the 
Effective Date 
(ix) 
Exercise Notice provisions if 
different to the Equity and 
Market Access Product Terms: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
34. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount of 
each 
Note 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons 
or on an event of default and/or 
any method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different 
from 
that 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
 6(e) 
(Early 
Redemption Amounts) of the 
General Terms and Conditions): 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [As specified in 
Condition  6(e) (Early Redemption Amounts) of the 
General Terms and Conditions] / [Specify other] 
 
[FX Valuation Date: [[] 
[Business 
Days 
/ 
Scheduled Trading Days] 
prior to the date of early 
redemption] 
 
(N.B. 
Fair 
market 
value 
is 
specified 
in 
Condition  6(e) (Early Redemption Amounts) of the 
General Terms and Conditions. Where the Early 
Redemption Amount is to be the same as the 
Final Redemption Amount (less any Hedging

--- Page 247 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
247 
 
 
Costs, if appropriate, in the case of a Tax Event), 
need to specify here) 
(ii) 
Adjustment for Hedging Costs in 
respect of Early Redemption 
Amount of each Note payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons or on an event of 
default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
35. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [As specified in 
item [ 36/ 37/ 38/ 39/ 40/ 41] below] / [Specify other] 
 
[The Notes are Alternate Currency Notes – the 
Specified Amount is [] (Specify a currency 
amount in the Denomination Currency) 
 
As provided in the Conditions, the Specified 
Amount will be converted into the Payment 
Currency by either dividing or multiplying (as 
specified in item  17(ii)(b)) the Specified Amount 
by the FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for the 
Maturity Date and the amount so converted into 
the 
Payment 
Currency 
will 
be 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount] 
 
[The Notes are FX Performance Redemption 
Notes – the Specified Amount is [] (Specify a 
currency amount in the Specified Currency) 
As provided in the Conditions, the Specified 
Amount will be multiplied by the FX Performance 
on the FX Valuation Date for the Maturity Date 
and the resulting amount will be the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount] 
- 
FX Valuation Date: 
[[] [Business Days/Scheduled Trading Days] 
prior to the Maturity Date] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable in the case of Alternate Currency 
Notes and FX Performance Redemption Notes) 
36. 
Equity Linked Redemption Provisions – 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Equity Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Equity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Market Access Product Terms: Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Whether redemption of 
the Notes will be by (a) 
Cash Settlement or (b) 
Physical Delivery or (c) 
Cash 
Settlement 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Delivery] / [Cash 
Settlement and/or Physical Delivery] 
[Physical Election: Applicable]

--- Page 248 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
248 
 
 
and/or 
Physical 
Delivery and whether 
Physical 
Election 
or 
Variation of Settlement 
applies: 
(b) 
Variation 
of 
Settlement: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Issuer has the 
option to vary settlement in respect of the Notes 
and, if the Issuer elects to exercise its option to 
vary settlement, the [Cash Settlement][Physical 
Delivery] provisions will then apply] (Where the 
Issuer has the option to vary settlement then 
provisions relating to the Final Redemption 
Amount and the Asset Amount should each be 
completed) 
(c) 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify formula or method of calculation] 
(d) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Reference Price: 
[Definition set out in paragraph  8 of the Equity and 
Market 
Access 
Product 
Terms 
applies/Actual/Market/Specify other] 
(g) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Actual/Market/Specify other/Not Applicable] 
 
(If "Market", specify the Relevant Screen Page) 
 
[The Relevant Screen Page is []] 
(h) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant Assets: 
[Specify, including Tradable Amounts] 
(b) 
Asset Amount: 
[Specify] 
(c) 
Cut-off Date: 
[] 
(d) 
Adjustment 
for 
Hedging 
Costs 
in 
relation to Disruption 
Cash Settlement Price: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. This relates to the payment of Hedging 
Costs when determining the Disruption Cash 
Settlement Price following a Settlement Disruption 
Event only) 
(e) 
Relevant 
Asset 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable and for which purpose 
the Relevant Asset Substitution Criteria is 
[Specify]] 
(f) 
Other terms or special 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 249 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
249 
 
 
conditions: 
37. 
Credit Linked Notes (in accordance with 
Credit 
Terms 
(2003 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[July 
2009 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(iii) 
First-to-Default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Entities 
comprising the Reference Portfolio in sub-
paragraph  (iv) below. If not applicable, specify the 
Reference Entity in sub-paragraph  (v) below.) 
(iv) 
Reference Entities comprising 
the Reference Portfolio: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. These may be set out in the form of a table 
which 
may 
be 
annexed 
to 
this 
Pricing 
Supplement. All relevant items below should be 
completed in respect of each Reference Entity 
(repeating items where necessary) which may 
also be done by including the Reference Entities 
and such items in a table and in this case specify: 
"See the table (the "Table") annexed to this 
Pricing Supplement." Relevant prompts below 
indicate where the same approach may be used) 
(v) 
Reference Entity: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
[Transaction Type: []] 
(vi) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
 
(N.B. If "First-to-Default" is applicable, specify for 
each Reference Entity in the Reference Portfolio) 
(vii) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table]  
 
(N.B. If Applicable, the provisions of the 2003 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions will apply to 
any Reference Entity) 
(viii) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace Period Extension [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Grace Period: [] calendar days] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration]

--- Page 250 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
250 
 
 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Fully 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs below if Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Fully 
Transferable 
Obligation is not applicable) 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
 
(select one)
 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
 
(select all of which apply)
 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if 
Specified Currency is included as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic but 
no 
specific 
currency 
is 
specified, 
"Standard 
Specified 
Currencies" 
will 
apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not 
Domestic 
Currency: 
Domestic 
Currency means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
- 
Business Day Convention relating to 
Limitation 
Dates: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention] / [Following Business Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs below if Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation is not 
applicable) 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
 
(select one)
 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan]

--- Page 251 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
251 
 
 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics:  
 
(select all of which apply)
 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if 
Specified Currency is included as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic but 
no 
specific 
currency 
is 
specified, 
"Standard 
Specified 
Currencies" 
will 
apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not 
Domestic 
Currency: 
Domestic 
Currency means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
- 
Business Day Convention relating to 
Limitation 
Dates: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention] / [Following Business Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Partial 
Redemption 
Following 
Restructuring: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB. Partial Redemption Following Restructuring 
can only be applicable if either "Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Fully 
Transferable 
Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in this 
Pricing Supplement) 
 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[See Table] 
 
[Other]
- 
Default Requirement: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply/See Table] 
- 
Payment Requirement: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply/See Table] 
(ix) 
Conditions to Settlement: 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): 
[] 
/ 
[The 
provisions set out 
in paragraph  15

--- Page 252 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
252 
 
 
of 
the 
Credit 
Terms 
(2003 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
Version) apply] 
 
Specified Number: 
[]] 
(x) 
Obligation(s): 
 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
(select one only)
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[See Table] 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which apply)
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if Specified 
Currency 
is 
included 
as 
an 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
but 
no 
specific 
currency 
is 
specified, "Standard Specified Currencies" will 
apply). 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency 
means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[See Table] 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xi) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / 
[Auction Settlement] 
(xiii) 
Adjustment for Hedging Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(Specify 
Applicable 
only 
where 
Auction 
Settlement is applicable) 
(xiv) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(xv) 
Partial Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
No Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Terms 
relating 
to 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Credit 
Event 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [Specify method of

--- Page 253 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
253 
 
 
Redemption Amount: 
determination] / [As defined in paragraph  15 of the 
Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version)] 
- 
Adjustment for Hedging 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  15 of the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Fixed Recovery: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable: Final Price means 
[] per cent.] 
 
(If applicable, delete the following 8 sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Valuation Date: 
[Single Valuation Date: [[] Business Days] / [The 
provisions set out in paragraph  15 of the Credit 
Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply]] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [[] Business Days; 
and each of the [] Business Days thereafter. 
Number of Valuation Dates: []] / [The provisions 
set out in paragraph  15 of the Credit Terms (2003 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) 
apply] 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market] 
- 
Quotation Amount: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Minimum 
Quotation 
Amount: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Dealers: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Quotations: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest/Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest] 
- 
Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market/Blended Highest] 
 
[Average 
Blended 
Market/Average 
Blended 
Highest] 
- 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 254 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
254 
 
 
(xviii) 
Terms 
relating 
to 
Physical 
Settlement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Physical Settlement 
Period: 
[] Business Days 
- 
Asset Amount: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest/Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest] 
- 
Adjustment for Hedging 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Settlement Currency: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
Deliverable 
[Payment] 
Obligation 
[Borrowed Money] 
Category: 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
(select one only)
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[See Table] 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select 
all 
of 
which 
apply) 
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if Specified 
Currency is included as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic 
but 
no 
specific 
currency 
is 
specified, "Standard Specified Currencies" will 
apply) 
: 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency 
means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
[See Table] 
Additional  
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
Deliverable 
 
Obligation(s): 
 
Interpretation 
of 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(see paragraph  (B) of 
the 
definition 
of

--- Page 255 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
255 
 
 
"Deliverable 
Obligations") 
- 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
- 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Partial Cash Settlement 
of 
Consent 
Required 
Loans: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Partial Cash Settlement 
of Assignable Loans: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Adjustment for Hedging 
Costs in the event of a 
Partial Cash Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Note that this item relates to the payment of 
Hedging Costs in the event of a Partial Cash 
Settlement of an Undeliverable Obligation only, 
and not to Physical Settlement generally, to which 
the sub-paragraph "Adjustment for Hedging 
Costs" relates) 
- 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] 
- 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Applicable, specify Relevant Jurisdiction) 
 
[Relevant 
Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As 
specified 
in 
paragraph  12 of the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)]] 
38. 
Credit Linked Notes (in accordance with 
Credit 
Terms 
(2014 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(iii) 
First to Default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, specify Reference Entities in sub-
paragraph  (v) below. If not applicable, specify the 
Reference Entity in sub-paragraph  (vi) below.) 
(iv) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Entities in the case of 
[[]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 256 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
256 
 
 
Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities or where First to 
Default applies: 
(N.B. These may be set out in the form of a table 
which 
may 
be 
annexed 
to 
this 
Pricing 
Supplement. All relevant items below should be 
completed in respect of each Reference Entity 
(repeating items where necessary) which may 
also be done by including the Reference Entities 
and such items in a table and in this case specify: 
"See the table (the "Table") annexed to this 
Pricing Supplement." Relevant prompts below 
indicate where the same approach may be used) 
(vi) 
Reference Entity: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
[(Specify in respect of each Reference Entity in 
the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities)/See Table/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Relevant Rate (for purpose of 
determining 
the 
Weighted 
Average Rate, if applicable): 
[[See Table] []%/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[[See Table][]/[Not Applicable]  
 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
[not] 
applicable][Seniority 
Level: 
Senior 
Level/Subordinated Level]] 
 
(the following must be inserted when Notes are 
Cash Settled. N.B. if Standard Reference 
Obligation is applicable delete  (a)- (e)below) 
 
(a) 
Primary Obligor: 
[Specify] 
 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
[Specify] 
 
(c) 
Maturity: 
[Specify] 
 
(d) 
Coupon: 
[Specify] 
 
(e) 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[Specify] 
(x) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xi) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace Period Extension [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Grace 
Period: 
[] 
[calendar 
days/business 
days 
in 
[] 
(specify 
jurisdiction(s))]] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[[Mod R/Mod Mod R] applicable]]

--- Page 257 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
257 
 
 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
[Other]
 
[See Table] 
(a) 
Financial 
Reference 
Entity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(b) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(c) 
Default Requirement: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply]/[See Table] 
(d) 
Payment Requirement: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply]/[See Table] 
(xii) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public 
Source(s): 
[] / [The provisions set out 
in paragraph  20 of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
 
Specified 
Number: 
[]] 
(xiii) 
Obligation(s): 
 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
[See Table] 
Obligation Category: 
(select one only) 
 
 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which apply)
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if Specified 
Currency 
is 
included 
as 
an 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
but 
no 
specific 
currency 
is 
specified, "any Standard Specified Currency" will 
apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency 
means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[None] 
 
[See Table] 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 258 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
258 
 
 
 
[See Table] 
(xiv) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
[See Table] 
(xv) 
Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / 
[Auction Settlement] 
(xvi) 
Adjustment for Hedging Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Note 
that 
this 
paragraph should be specified as "Applicable" if 
Hedging Costs are to be deducted, including in 
the event of a Partial Cash Settlement of an 
Undeliverable Obligation) 
(xvii) 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest] [Exclude Accrued 
Interest] [Not Applicable (if Fixed Recovery 
applies)] 
(xviii) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(xix) 
Limitation 
Dates 
subject 
to 
adjustment in accordance with 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable] [Yes/No] (Not applicable unless 
M(M)R Restructuring applies) 
(xx) 
Partial Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
No Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxii) 
Provisions relating to Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity: 
The provisions set out in paragraph  15(i) of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) [[do not] apply] [See Table] 
(xxiii) 
Provisions relating to Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[The provisions set out in paragraph  15(ii) of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) [do not] apply] [See Table] 
(xxiv) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event 
Provisions: 
The provisions set out in paragraph 15(iii) of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) [do not] apply 
(If the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event 
Provisions apply, complete the prompts below. 
Otherwise, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration 
Requirement:  
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable]]] 
(xxv) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
2020 
Limited 
Recourse 
Additional 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 259 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
259 
 
 
(xxvi) 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
(NB: 
Complete for all Credit Linked 
Securities for interpretation and 
construction 
purposes 
even 
where Physical Settlement is not 
applicable): 
 
Deliverable Obligation Category:
(select one only) 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[See Table] 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
Characteristics:  
(select all of which apply) 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if Specified 
Currency is included as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic 
but 
no 
specific 
currency 
is 
specified, "any Standard Specified Currency" will 
apply) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency 
means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[See Table] 
Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
Interpretation of Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(see 
paragraph  (B) 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
"Deliverable 
Obligations") 
 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xxvii) Terms 
relating 
to 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Credit 
Event 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [Specify method of

--- Page 260 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
260 
 
 
Redemption Amount: 
determination] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) apply/Not 
Applicable (in the case of Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes)] 
(b) 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) apply/Not 
Applicable (in the case of Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes)] 
(c) 
Credit Event Payment 
Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) apply] [Not 
Applicable] (NB. Specify "Not Applicable" unless 
the Securities are Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities.) 
(d) 
Fixed Recovery: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable: Final Price means 
[] per cent.] 
 
(If 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(e) 
Valuation Date: 
[Single Valuation Date: [[] Business Days] / [The 
provisions set out in paragraph  20 of the Credit 
Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply]] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [[] Business Days; 
and each of the [] Business Days thereafter. 
Number of Valuation Dates: []] / [The provisions 
set out in paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) 
apply] 
(f) 
Valuation Time: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
(g) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market/As per paragraph  20 of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version)] 
(h) 
Quotation Amount: 
[]/ [Representative Amount] / [The provisions set 
out in paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) 
apply] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Quotation 
Amount: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
(j) 
Quotation Dealers: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply]

--- Page 261 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
261 
 
 
(k) 
Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market/Blended Highest] 
 
[Average 
Blended 
Market/Average 
Blended 
Highest] 
 
[As per paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)] 
(l) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxviii) Terms 
relating 
to 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Period: 
[[] Business Days] [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Settlement Currency: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of 
the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) apply] 
(c) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement of Consent 
Required Loans: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement 
of 
Assignable Loans: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] 
(g) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxix) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Applicable, specify Relevant Jurisdiction) 
 
[Relevant 
Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As 
specified 
in 
paragraph  13 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)]] 
(xxx) 
Merger Event: 
Paragraph  13 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
Version) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxxi) 
Reference 
Obligation 
Only 
Termination Amount: 
[Specify] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. to be specified for the purposes of

--- Page 262 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
262 
 
 
paragraph 18 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
Version) 
for 
Reference Obligation Only Securities relating to a 
single Reference Entity) 
(xxxii) Qualifying Participation Seller: 
[insert] [Not Applicable] [See Table] 
39. 
Currency Linked Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Specify formula or method of calculation] 
(ii) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
40. 
Commodity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Whether 
redemption 
of 
the 
Notes will be by (a) Cash 
Settlement 
or 
(b) 
Physical 
Delivery or (c) Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Delivery and 
whether 
Physical 
Election 
applies: 
Cash Settlement 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[Call/Put] Commodity Linked Redemption Note: 
Applicable]/[Specify 
formula 
or 
method 
of 
calculation] 
(iii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[Specify] 
(iv) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special 
conditions: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
41. 
Index Linked Redemption Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Whether 
redemption 
of 
the 
Notes will be by (a) Cash 
Settlement 
or 
(b) 
Physical 
Delivery or (c) Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Delivery and 
whether 
Physical 
Election 
applies: 
Cash Settlement 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[Call/Put] 
Index 
Linked 
Redemption 
Note: 
Applicable/Specify 
formula 
or 
method 
of 
calculation] 
(iii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify]

--- Page 263 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
263 
 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[Specify] 
(vi) 
Reference Price: 
[Definition set out in paragraph  3 of the Index 
Terms applies / Specify other] 
(vii) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
42. 
Pass-Through Redemption Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[Specify] 
(ii) 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(iii) 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify] 
(iv) 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[Specify] 
(v) 
Early Termination Events: 
 
 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
[Inconvertibility / Non-Transferability] 
 
[CNY Inconvertibility / Non-Transferability] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Other] 
(vi) 
Adjustment for Hedging Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
Method: 
[Reference Asset Sale Proceeds] / [Reference 
Asset Redemption Amount] 
(viii) 
Amortisation Date: 
[] [Specify number of Business Days] / 
[Definition set out in Pass-through Term 9 applies] 
(ix) 
Final Sale Date: 
[] [Specify number of Business Days] / 
[Definition set out in Pass-through Term 9 applies] 
(x) 
Maturity Sale Period: 
[] [Specify number of Business Days] / 
[Definition set out in Pass-through Term 9 applies]

--- Page 264 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
264 
 
 
/ [Not Applicable] [Specify Not Applicable unless 
Reference Asset Sale Proceeds is specified as 
the Final Redemption Amount Method] 
(xi) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special 
conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Early 
Termination 
Local 
Currency 
Sale 
Proceeds 
Number of Dealers: 
[] [Specify] / [As set out in Pass-through Term 9] 
(xiii) 
Reference Asset Sale Proceeds 
Number of Dealers: 
[] [Specify] / [As set out in Pass-through Term 9] 
43. 
Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount] / [Paragraph  1(iii)(A) 
of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) applies] 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[] / [Paragraph  1(iii)(A) of the Credit Terms (2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) 
applies] 
44. 
Other redemption provisions: 
[Specify] 
PAYMENTS 
 
45. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable][Specify]/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of 
payment) 
46. 
FMP Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As specified in Condition 5(f)] 
- 
Additional 
FMP 
Disruption Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable]  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
47. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange

--- Page 265 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
265 
 
 
Event]] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date] 
 
(N.B. No Bearer Notes will be issued to 
Regulation S purchasers if the Specified Branch 
is New York) 
 
(N.B. If a Bearer Global Note is exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes upon notice, the Notes 
shall be tradable only in nominal amounts of at 
least the Specified Denomination and the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in item  6(i) 
above should not include language to the 
following effect: [€]100,000 and integral multiples 
of [€][1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€][199,000]. No notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€][199,000]) 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
(Include if Regulation S purchasers only and the 
Specified Branch is New York) [Regulation S 
Global Note [(U.S. $[] nominal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
(Include for all other Registered Global Notes) 
[[Regulation S Global Note [(U.S.$ [] nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] / [Rule 144A Global 
Note [(U.S. $[] nominal amount)] registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] [evidencing interests eligible for 
resale under Rule 144A and] exchangeable for 
Definitive Registered Notes upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
(Include where a further Tranche of a Series 
issued following the first Tranche) [The Regulation 
S Global Note will be exchanged for the Original 
Regulation S Global Note in respect of the first 
Tranche on or after the Exchange Date] 
 
(In above paragraphs, nominal amount required 
only if both Regulation S Global Note and 144A 
Global Note will be issued) 
 
[Regulation 
S 
Definitive 
Registered 
Notes. 
(Available for Regulation S purchasers only where 
the Specified Branch is not New York)] 
48. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Standard Chartered Bank] / [Standard Chartered 
Bank (Hong Kong) Limited] / [Standard Chartered

--- Page 266 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
266 
 
 
Bank (Singapore) Limited] / [] 
49. 
Business Centre(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(Note that this item relates to Business Days) 
50. 
Redenomination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If 
applicable, 
specify 
the 
terms 
of 
the 
redenomination] 
51. 
Other final terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
52. 
Additional Provisions for Use with an 
Indian Underlying Asset/Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
53. 
Additional Provisions for Use with a 
Taiwan Underlying Asset/Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
54. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Other 
Jurisdictions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
55. 
Correction Period for the purpose of 
Condition  13 (Corrections): 
[At 
any 
time][Specify][In 
accordance 
with 
Condition  13 (Corrections)] 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[] has 
been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] (consider 
whether relevant for non-listed issues) 
Signed on behalf of [Standard Chartered Bank / Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打
銀行 (香港) 有限公司 / Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited]: 
 
By:.........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 267 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
267 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Dublin/[]/Not Applicable]  
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application 
[has 
been/will 
be] 
made 
to 
[Euronext Dublin]/[Specify] for the Notes to be 
admitted to the [Official List and to trading on its 
[Global 
Exchange 
Market/regulated 
market]]/[Specify other] [with effect from [the 
Issue Date]/[]]/[Not Applicable] (Note that if a 
"unitary" 
or 
"series" 
prospectus 
will 
be 
separately prepared for the listing application, 
use "will be" in the above wording and use such 
prospectus and not this Pricing Supplement for 
the listing) 
 
[Notes of the same Series have been admitted 
to trading on the [Global Exchange Market of 
Euronext Dublin]/[Specify other] with effect from 
[]]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that the original Notes are already 
admitted to listing/trading) 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[Add if applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Listing 
Particulars] [The Notes are specified as being 
["Sustainability Bonds"]/["Green Bonds"]/["Social 
Bonds"] and an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from the issuance of the Notes will be 
used as described in "Use of Proceeds – ESG 
Bonds" in the Base Listing Particulars] [[] (if 
reasons for the offer are different from what is 
disclosed in the Base Listing Particulars, give 
details)] 
4. 
PERFORMANCE OF REFERENCE ITEM(S) OR BASKET OF REFERENCE ITEM(S), 
EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS 
AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE/EACH REFERENCE ITEM (EQUITY 
Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes and Index Linked Notes 
only) 
[For Notes listed on the Global Exchange Market or if otherwise required, need to include 
details of [the/each] [company/fund/depositary] issuing the [equity securities/ETF 
securities/fund interest/depositary receipt securities], any security identification number of 
[the/each] [equity security/fund interest/depositary receipt security], where pricing 
information about [the/each] [equity security/ETF security/ fund interest/depositary receipt

--- Page 268 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
268 
 
 
security]] is available and where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] 
[equity security/ETF security/fund interest/depositary receipt security] can be obtained [by 
electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]] 
[For Notes listed on the Global Exchange Market or if otherwise required, need to include 
details of [the/each] [index/currency/commodity], where pricing information about [the 
/each] [index/currency/commodity] is available and where past and future performance and 
volatility of [the/each] [index/currency/commodity] can be obtained. Include details of where 
information about [the/each] [index/currency/commodity] can be obtained [by electronic 
means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]] 
[Not Applicable] 
5. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE/EACH REFERENCE ENTITY, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT 
ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE/EACH REFERENCE ENTITY (Credit Linked Notes only) 
[For Notes listed on the Global Exchange Market or if otherwise required, include details of 
[the/each] reference entity] 
[Information in relation to any Reference Entity is available from internationally recognised 
published or electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any website of the 
relevant Reference Entity] / [Include details of where information on [the/each] reference 
entity can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of 
charge] 
[Not Applicable] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF INTEREST RATES 
[Details of the performance of [[LIBOR/ EURIBOR/ HIBOR/ SIBOR] [CMS] rates] [SONIA] 
[SOFR] [€STR] [SORA] [TONA] can be obtained [but not] free of charge from 
[[]/Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance]] 
[Insert for any SOFR rate: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse, or 
recommend any products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
[Insert where you copy, publish, distribute and transmit information relating to SONIA; (ii) 
adapt information relating to SONIA; or (iii) exploit information commercially and non-
commercially in relation to SONIA,: Contains public sector information licensed under the 
Open Government Licence v3.0.] 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF FX RATE, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE FX RATE (Alternate Currency Notes and FX Performance Notes only) 
[For Notes listed on the Global Exchange Market or if otherwise required, need to include 
details of the FX Rate, where pricing information about the FX Rate is available and where 
past and future performance and volatility of the FX Rate can be obtained [by electronic 
means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]] 
[Not Applicable] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[]

--- Page 269 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
269 
 
 
[Temporary ISIN Code: 
[]] 
(Include only where documenting a fungible 
issue which will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with an earlier Tranche; delete if 
not applicable) 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See / [include code]33, as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See / [include code]34, as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, 
requested or available, it/they should be 
specified to be "Not Applicable") 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
DTC 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
Names [and addresses] of any 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses] of 
entities having a dealer/underwriting role in 
respect of the initial subscription of the Notes] 
                                                   
33  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
34  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 270 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
270 
 
 
 
(Include 
names 
of 
entities 
agreeing 
to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment 
basis and names of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Managers. Terms of appointment 
to be agreed with the relevant Issuer and set 
out 
in 
a 
purchase 
agreement 
or 
other 
subscription agreement) 
(iii) 
Date of Purchase Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/insert date] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
rules applicable or TEFRA rules 
not applicable: 
[[TEFRA D/TEFRA C] (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 
or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010)/TEFRA rules not applicable]  
["TEFRA rules not applicable" should be 
specified for Registered Notes] 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details, including any 
additional, supplemental or amended U.S. 
selling restrictions, transfer restrictions and 
certifications that may be required in light of 
specific terms of the Notes] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – [at all times/only 
after [specify date]]] 
(If 
the 
Notes 
clearly 
do 
not 
constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products, and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified. Specify a date if a key information 
document will be prepared and the Notes may 
be sold to EEA Retail Investors only up to a 
certain specified date) 
("Applicable – at all times" should be specified 
for sales outside the EEA to ensure there are no 
'flow-back' sales) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[ – at all times/only 
after [specify date]]] 
(If 
the 
Notes 
clearly 
do 
not 
constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Not

--- Page 271 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
271 
 
 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified. Specify a date 
if a key information document will be prepared 
and the Notes may be sold to UK Retail 
Investors only up to a certain specified date) 
("Applicable – at all times" should be specified 
for sales outside the UK to ensure there are no 
'flow-back' sales) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Republic 
of China (Taiwan) Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[The sale of the Notes has not been and will not 
be registered with the Financial Supervisory 
Commission and/or other regulatory authority of 
the Republic of China (Taiwan) pursuant to 
relevant securities laws and regulations and 
may not be offered or sold within the Republic 
of China (Taiwan) through a public offering or in 
circumstance which constitutes an offer within 
the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act 
of the Republic of China (Taiwan) that requires 
a registration or approval of the Financial 
Supervisory 
Commission 
and/or 
other 
regulatory authority of the Republic of China 
(Taiwan)] 
(x) 
Sales to Plan investors: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable – the Notes (and 
interests therein) may be purchased, held or 
disposed of by, or on behalf of, a plan or a 
governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan 
that is subject to any Similar Law, subject to 
certain conditions (as described in "ERISA 
Matters" in the Base Listing Particulars)] 
(xi) 
Additional U.S. federal income 
tax consequences:  
[[For Notes issued by the New York branch of 
SCB: The Issuer intends to treat the Notes as 
[fixed rate debt/Discount Securities/variable rate 
debt instruments/Contingent Securities/Forward 
Securities/Option Securities] (as described in 
"[Taxation 
of 
Securities—United 
States 
Taxation—Part A – U.S. Holders—U.S. Federal 
Income Tax Treatment of Securities Treated as 
Debt[—Variable Interest Rate Securities/—
Contingent 
Payment 
Debt 
Instruments/—
Original 
Issue 
Discount]]/ 
"[Taxation 
of 
Securities—United States Taxation—Part A – 
U.S. 
Holders—U.S. 
Federal 
Income 
Tax 
Treatment of Certain Securities Not Treated as 
Debt[—Forward Securities/—Option Securities]" 
in the Base Listing Particulars) for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes.  [The comparable yield 
relating to the Notes will be [] compounded 
[[semi] annually/quarterly].] [Any interest paid 
and any original issue discount accrued/Any

--- Page 272 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
272 
 
 
original issue discount accrued] will constitute 
income from sources within the United States 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as 
more 
fully 
described 
in 
"[Taxation 
of 
Securities—United States Taxation—Part B – 
Non-U.S. 
Holders" 
in 
the 
Base 
Listing 
Particulars, may be subject to U.S. federal 
withholding taxes if the relevant holder does not 
provide appropriate certification on an IRS Form 
W-8BEN-E or other applicable form] 
 
[For Notes which may be sold to 144A 
purchasers and which are not issued by the 
New York branch of SCB: [The Issuer intends to 
treat the Notes as [fixed rate debt/Contingent 
Securities 
/Foreign 
Currency 
Contingent 
Securities/variable 
rate 
debt 
instruments/Forward 
Securities/Option 
Securities[, for which purposes, the Issuer will 
treat []% of each coupon on a Note as interest 
on the Deposit and []% as Put Premium]] (as 
described in "[Taxation of Securities—United 
States Taxation—Part A – U.S. Holders—U.S. 
Federal Income Tax Treatment of Securities 
Treated 
as 
Debt[—Variable 
Interest 
Rate 
Securities/—Contingent 
Payment 
Debt 
Instruments/—Foreign Currency Securities—
Foreign 
Currency 
Contingent 
Securities/—
Original 
Issue 
Discount]]/[Taxation 
of 
Securities—United States Taxation—Part A – 
U.S. 
Holders—U.S. 
Federal 
Income 
Tax 
Treatment of Certain Securities Not Treated as 
Debt[—Forward Securities/—Option Securities" 
in the Base Listing Particulars) for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. [The comparable yield 
relating to the Notes will be [] compounded 
[[semi] annually/quarterly]] / [Not Applicable] / 
[give details if different to the above]]  
 
[For Notes which may not be sold to 144A 
purchasers and which are not issued by the 
New York branch of SCB: Not Applicable]

--- Page 273 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE NOTES 
 
 
273 
 
 
 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Securities for the 
purposes of Section 871(m).] (The Notes will 
not be Specified Securities if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains 
any 
component 
U.S. 
equity 
or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to 
U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. 
equity or an index that contains a component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or 
indirect exposure to U.S. equities, further 
analysis will be required) [Based on market 
conditions 
on 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Pricing 
Supplement, the Issuer has made a preliminary 
determination that the Notes are [not] Specified 
Securities for purposes of Section 871(m). This 
is a preliminary determination only that is 
subject to change based on market conditions 
on the Issue Date. If the Issuer's final 
determination is different then it will give notice 
of such determination.] [Please contact [give 
name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for 
further information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to the Notes.]]]

--- Page 274 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
274 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Certificates issued under the Programme. 
Pricing Supplement dated [Date] 
[Standard Chartered Bank/Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打銀行 (香港) 有限
公司/Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (registration number 201224747C)] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[RILFO74KP1CM8P6PCT96/X5AV1MBDXGRPX5UGMX13/549300MDYVVHJ8D1DW28] 
Issue of [Aggregate Number of Tranche][Title of Certificates] 
under the U.S.$15,000,000,000 
Notes, Certificates and Warrants Programme 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) have been 
prepared on the basis that any offer of Certificates in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area ("EEA") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Certificates and any offer of Certificates in the UK 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"") from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Certificates. Accordingly, 
any person making an offer or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the UK of the 
Certificates may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither 
the Issuer nor any Manager has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Certificates in any other circumstances. 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [After []],]35 [T/t]he Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such date,] should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
[has been prepared will be published or updated after such date] and therefore offering or selling the 
Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA [after such date] may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]36 
                                                   
35  
This date reference should not be included in the Pricing Supplement unless a date is specified in item  8 of Part B below. 
36  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Certificates potentially constitute "packaged" products, and 
no key information document will be prepared (where applicable, after the specified date), or the issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable".

--- Page 275 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
275 
 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [After [],]37 [T/t]he Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and[, with effect from such date,] should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Certificates or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK [has been 
prepared/will be prepared or updated after such date] and therefore offering or selling the Certificates 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK [after such date] may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]38 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – The Certificates shall be (A) capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (B) Specified Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] [Notification under Section 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the "SFA") – The Certificates shall be (A) prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
(B) Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]39 
[Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the Banking Act 
1970 of Singapore – (A) the place of booking of the issue is []40; (B) the branch or office of the 
Issuer at which the issue is booked is not subject to regulation or supervision in Singapore; and (C) 
repayment under the Certificates is not secured by any means.]41 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated 8 July 2022 and any 
supplement(s) thereto approved on or before the Issue Date of the Notes (together, the "Base Listing 
Particulars"). This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Listing Particulars are available for viewing and copies 
may be obtained from the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date: 
                                                   
37  
This date reference should not be included in the Pricing Supplement unless a date is specified in item  8 of Part B below. 
38  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Certificates potentially constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any 
other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
39  
Applicable legend to be included if the Certificates are to be sold to Singapore investors. Relevant Person(s) (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the 
Issuer prior to an offer of Certificates in Singapore, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
40 
E.g. the place of the office or branch of the relevant Issuer through which the Certificates are issued. 
41 
Legend to be included where the Certificates are issued by the relevant Issuer (other than through SCBSL) in Singapore 
dollars and with a denomination of less than SGD200,000, even if the Certificates are not deposits.

--- Page 276 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
276 
 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated [insert date] and any 
supplement(s) thereto approved on or before the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Certificates 
(together, the "Original Base Listing Particulars") which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Listing Particulars dated 8 July 2022. This document must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Listing Particulars dated 8 July 2022 and any supplement(s) thereto approved on or before the Issue 
Date of Tranche [] of the Certificates (together, the "Base Listing Particulars"), including the Terms 
and Conditions of the Certificates incorporated by reference in the Base Listing Particulars, in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Listing Particulars are available for viewing and copies 
may be obtained from the website of Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
The "Terms and Conditions" applicable to the Certificates are the General Terms and Conditions of 
the Certificates described above, as amended and/or supplemented by the relevant Product Terms 
specified below (in each case, as set out in the [Original] Base Listing Particulars), such Terms and 
Conditions as completed by this Pricing Supplement, the "Conditions". 
[Include the next paragraph if the Pricing Supplement is drafted for Certificates that are intended to be 
"qualifying debt securities" under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore and/or for all Certificates 
issued by SCBSL (which, unless otherwise agreed, shall be qualifying debt securities): 
Where any interim payments, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is 
derived from any Certificates which are debt securities by any person who is not resident in Singapore 
and who carries on any operations in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the 
tax exemption available (subject to certain conditions) for "qualifying debt securities" under the 
Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (the "Income Tax Act") shall not apply if such person acquires 
such Certificates using the funds and profits of such person's operations through a permanent 
establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interim payments, discount income, prepayment fee, 
redemption premium or break cost derived from the Certificates is not exempt from tax (including for 
the reasons described above) shall include such income in a return of income made under the Income 
Tax Act. For further details, please refer to the section entitled "Taxation of Securities — Singapore 
Taxation" in the Base Listing Particulars.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Standard Chartered Bank, [acting through its principal 
office in London]/[acting through its Specified Branch]/ 
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited] / 
[Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited] 
(ii) 
Specified Branch: 
[Not Applicable/Specify] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Certificates 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Certificates will be consolidated 
and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranche(s)] on the Issue Date] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Number of Certificates being issued: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]

--- Page 277 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
277 
 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per Certificate 
 
(N.B. As the issue of the Certificates is (i) not admitted 
to trading on a European Economic Area exchange and 
(ii) only offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is not required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
€100,000 (or equivalent) minimum issue price is not 
required) 
6. 
Calculation Amount: 
[] per Certificate 
7. 
Minimum Transferable Number: 
[Not Applicable] / [Integral multiples of []] 
8. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[The [] Business Day following [the [last occurring] 
[Averaging/Valuation] Date/the last day of the Final 
Execution Period]] / [Specify other] 
10. 
Description of Certificates: 
[Equity Linked Certificates] / [Market Access Product 
Certificates] / [Credit Linked Certificates] / [Currency 
Linked Certificates] / [Commodity Linked Certificates] / 
[Index Linked Certificates][Specify other] 
 
(Specify one or more of the above, as applicable)
11. 
Product Terms: 
[Equity and Market Access Product Terms: Applicable 
(and 
the 
Certificates 
are 
[Reverse] 
SCEEN 
Certificates)] 
 
(further details specified in item  15 and item  23 below)] 
 
[Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version): Applicable (further details specified in item  26 
below)] 
 
[Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version): Applicable (further details specified in item  27 
below)]; 
 
[Currency Terms: Applicable 
(further details specified in item  16 [and] [ 28] below)] 
 
[Commodity Terms: Applicable 
(further details specified in item  17 [and] [ 29] below)] 
 
[Index Terms: Applicable 
(further details specified in item  18 [and] [ 30] below)] 
 
[Specify other]
 
(Specify one or more of the above, as applicable)
12. 
Interim Payment(s): 
[Applicable (further details set out in item  20 below)] / 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options  
[Investor Put] 
 
[SCEEN Certificates] 
 
[Reverse SCEEN Certificates] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified in item [ 22/ 21/ 23) below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
14. 
Date Board (or similar) approval for 
issuance of Certificates obtained:  
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. 
Only 
relevant 
where 
Board 
(or 
similar)

--- Page 278 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
278 
 
 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Certificates) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PRODUCT TERMS 
15. 
Equity and Market Access Product 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Whether 
the 
Certificates 
relate to a basket of equity 
securities, 
a 
basket 
of 
exchange 
traded 
fund 
securities, 
a 
basket 
of 
depository receipt securities 
a single equity security, a 
single exchange traded fund 
security, a single depositary 
receipt security (each an 
"Underlying 
Asset"), 
a 
basket of indices or a single 
index (each, an "Index") and 
the identity of the relevant 
issuer(s) of the Underlying 
Asset(s) (each an "Asset 
Issuer") or identity of the 
relevant Index/Indices and 
details 
of 
the 
relevant 
sponsors 
(each, 
a 
"Sponsor"): 
[Basket 
of 
Underlying 
Assets/Single 
Underlying 
Asset/Basket 
of 
Indices/Single 
Index/Basket 
of 
Underlying Assets and Indices/Not Applicable] 
[Specify each Underlying Asset/Asset Issuer or 
Index/Sponsor] [Where the Underlying Assets are 
dynamic, details of initial Underlying Assets and rules 
regarding varying the basket to be set out in an Annex 
to this Pricing Supplement]  
 [[] is an ETF Security] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset) 
[[] is a Depositary Receipt Security and [Full/Partial] 
Lookthrough applies] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset) 
[[] is a Multi-Exchange Index] (Specify for each 
relevant Index) 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this sub-paragraph) 
(a) 
Multiplier: 
[Specify the multiplier for each Underlying Asset/Index 
in the basket] / [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
[] / [Not Applicable] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset/Index) 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time] / [] / [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Exchange: 
[] / [Principal Exchanges] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset/Index. N.B.: Principal Exchanges only 
relates to Multi-Exchange Indices) (N.B: For Certificates 
listed on Euronext Dublin, the Exchange for any 
Underlying Asset must be a "regulated, regularly 
operating, recognised open market") 
(If Additional Provisions for Underlying Assets traded 
through the China Connect Service are specified as 
Applicable for an Underlying Asset, the Exchange for 
such Underlying Asset must be the Shanghai Stock 
Exchange and/or the Shenzhen Stock Exchange) 
(f) 
Related Exchange: 
[] / [All Exchanges] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset/Index)

--- Page 279 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
279 
 
 
(g) 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Certificates relate to 
a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(h) 
De-listing, Merger 
Event, 
Nationalisation and 
Insolvency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Certificates relate to 
a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(i) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Certificates relate to 
a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
(j) 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
 
- 
Change in 
Law: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Insolvency 
Filing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Certificates relate to 
a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
- 
Failure to 
Deliver: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Certificates are 
cash settled only or relate to a single Index or a basket 
of Indices) 
- 
Hedging 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Loss of 
Stock 
Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Certificates relate to 
a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
- 
Increased 
Cost of 
Stock 
Borrow: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify Not Applicable where Certificates relate to 
a single Index or a basket of Indices) 
- 
Increased 
Cost of 
Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(k) 
ETF 
Fund 
Termination 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable where Certificates relate to 
Underlying Assets which are ETF Securities) 
(l) 
Underlying Share 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 280 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
280 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable where the Underlying Assets are 
Depositary Receipt Securities) 
(m) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Underlying Assets 
traded through the 
China 
Connect 
Service: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [in respect of []] 
(If the Certificates relate to more than one Underlying 
Asset, specify the Underlying Asset(s) to which these 
provisions relate) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
 
- 
China 
Connect 
Share 
Disqualificat
ion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
China 
Connect 
Service 
Termination
: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Other terms and 
special conditions 
relating 
to 
Certificates linked 
to 
a 
dynamic 
basket 
of 
Underlying Assets: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. See Annex hereto] 
(if applicable, specify other terms and special conditions 
in Annex) 
(ii) 
Whether 
the 
Certificates 
relate to a basket of fund 
interests or a single fund 
interest 
(each, 
a 
"Fund 
Interest") and the identity of 
the related fund(s) (each, a 
"Fund"): 
[Basket of Fund Interests/Single Fund Interest/Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify each Fund Interest/Fund and size of relevant 
Fund Interest] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this sub-paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date(s): 
[Specify for each Fund] 
(N.B. Specify more than one Initial Fixing Date per 
Fund where there is more than one notional investment 
on different dates) 
(b) 
Realised 
Value 
Exit Date(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify more than one Realised Value Exit Date 
per Fund where there is more than one notional 
realisation on different dates) 
(c) 
Reference Price: 
[Realised Value/[Reported Reference Price] [Specify]

--- Page 281 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
281 
 
 
(d) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in Equity 
and Market Access Product Term  9 applies] 
[The relevant screen page is []] 
(e) 
Fund 
Administrator: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in Equity 
and Market Access Product Term  9 applies] 
(f) 
Fund Adviser: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in Equity 
and Market Access Product Term  9 applies] 
(g) 
Key Personnel: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in Equity 
and Market Access Product Term  9 applies] 
(h) 
Hypothetical 
Investor 
Jurisdiction: 
[Specify] 
(i) 
Scheduled Fund 
Publication Date: 
[[Each Averaging/The Valuation] Date] / [The [Business 
Day] following []] / [Specify] 
(j) 
Fund Business 
Day Centre(s): 
[Specify] 
(k) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Roll Number: 
[] Fund Business Days 
(m) 
Delay Period: 
[Specify for each Fund] / [Definition set out in Equity 
and Market Access Product Term  9 applies] 
(n) 
Fund Events: 
 
- 
Fund 
Replaceme
nt following 
Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Additional 
Fund 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Fund Change in Law] 
[Fund Hedging Disruption] 
[Fund Increased Cost of Hedging] 
- 
Fund 
Compositio
n Event(s): 
[Set out details of the event(s) in full, including all 
relevant triggers and observables/Not Applicable] 
- 
Fund 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Fund Settlement Disruption] 
[Fund Publication Disruption] 
- 
Fund 
Extraordinar
y Event(s): 
[Fund Nationalisation] 
[Fund Insolvency Event] 
[NAV Trigger Event] 
[Adviser/Key Personnel Removal Event] 
[Fund Modification] 
[Fees or Charges Event] 
[Strategy Breach]

--- Page 282 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
282 
 
 
[Regulatory Action] 
[Tax Change] 
[Reporting Disruption] 
[New Information Event] 
[Limitation Event] 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
[Fund Service Provider Cessation] 
[Fund Service Provider Disruption] 
[Related Agreement Termination: Specify any other 
relevant party] 
[Reputational Event] 
[Holding Limit Event – for which purpose, the Voting 
Percentage is: [As defined in the Equity and Market 
Access Product Terms]/[%]] 
[Fund Adviser Event] 
[Holding Ratio]  
[Accounting Event] 
[Closure of the Fund] 
[Volcker Rule Non-Compliance Event] 
[specify] 
- 
Fund 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Notice 
Period 
for 
paragraph  2
(ii) 
of the 
Equity and 
Market 
Access 
Product 
Terms:  
Minimum Period: 
[15]/[] [days/Business 
Days] 
Maximum Period: 
[[30]/[] [days/Business 
Days]] / [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Certificate Agent) 
(iii) 
Whether 
the 
Certificates 
relate to a relevant account 
or 
basket 
of 
relevant 
accounts (each, a "Relevant 
Account") and the entity 
with whom such account is 
held and managed: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify each relevant account and entity] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Terms and special 
conditions relating 
to 
Certificates 
linked to Relevant 
Accounts: 
See the Annex hereto. 
(If applicable, specify details of the account and entity 
and other terms and special conditions in Annex) 
(iv) 
Force Majeure Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this sub-paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant 
Jurisdiction: 
[] / [As specified in paragraph  3 of the Equity and 
Market Access Product Terms]

--- Page 283 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
283 
 
 
(b) 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Market Disruption 
Event prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Relevant 
Adjustment Event 
prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special 
conditions relating to Equity 
and Market Access Product 
Terms: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
16. 
Currency Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Terms or special conditions 
relating to Currency Terms: 
[Specify relevant terms and conditions] 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraph of 
this sub paragraph) 
- 
Relevant 
Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As specified in paragraph [ 4] of the Currency 
Terms] 
- 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
17. 
Commodity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Commodity Terms: 
[Specify relevant terms and conditions] 
- 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[Specify] 
- 
Exchange: 
[Specify] 
- 
Market 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Period for applying 
corrections: 
[Specify period during which corrections will apply/The 
period set out in paragraph  1(ii) of the Commodity 
Terms applies] 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Relevant 
Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As specified in paragraph [ 2] of the Commodity 
Terms]

--- Page 284 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
284 
 
 
- 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
- 
Market 
Disruption 
Event prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
18. 
Index Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Whether 
the 
Certificates 
relate to a basket of indices 
or a single index (each, an 
"Index") and the identity of 
the relevant Index/Indices 
and details of the relevant 
sponsors 
(each, 
a 
"Sponsor"): 
[Basket of Indices/Single Index] 
[Specify each Underlying Asset/Asset Issuer or 
Index/Sponsor] 
[[] is an ETF Security] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset) 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this sub-paragraph) 
(a) 
Multiplier: 
[Specify the multiplier for each Index in the basket] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
[] / [Not Applicable] (Specify for each relevant Index) 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time] / [] 
(d) 
Disrupted Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Exchange: 
[] (Specify for each relevant Underlying Asset/Index) 
(f) 
Related Exchange: 
[] / [All Exchanges] (Specify for each relevant 
Underlying Asset/Index) 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Relevant 
Jurisdiction: 
[]/[As specified in paragraph [ 2] of the Index Terms] 
- 
Additional 
Force 
Majeure Event: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
- 
Market 
Disruption 
Event prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Relevant 
Adjustment 
Event 
prevails: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special 
conditions relating to Index 
Terms: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 285 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
285 
 
 
19. 
Other Product Terms: 
[Not Applicable] / [Specify] 
INTERIM PAYMENTS 
 
20. 
Interim Payments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable only in relation to Market Access Product 
Certificates that relate to a single Underlying Asset or a 
Basket of Underlying Assets. If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Interim Payment Date(s): 
[The [] Business Day following the date on which the 
relevant Applicable Cash Dividend Amount is received 
by a Qualified Investor entitled to receive it] / [] 
- 
Dividend Percentage: 
[10 per cent./Specify other] 
- 
Dividend Start Date: 
[] 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION 
 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Early Redemption Date(s): 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[] per Certificate] / [As specified in the Table below] / 
[Specify method] 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Price: 
[] / [As specified in the Table below] / [Not Applicable] 
 
TABLE 
 
[Early Redemption 
Date 
[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
[Early 
Redemption 
Price 
[]] 
[]] 
[]] 
 
(Specify for each Early Redemption Date) 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Certificate 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Certificate 
(v) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum Period: 
[15]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days]

--- Page 286 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
286 
 
 
Maximum Period: 
[[30]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum period of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Early Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[] per Certificate] / [Specify method] 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum Period: 
[15]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days] 
Maximum Period: 
[[30]/[] 
[days/Business 
Days]/Not Applicable 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum period of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
(iv) 
Adjustment 
for 
Hedging 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Investor Put in respect of SCEEN 
Certificates and Reverse SCEEN 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only in relation to Equity Linked Certificates 
that relate to a single Underlying Asset. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Exercise Period: 
From ([and including/but excluding]) [] to ([but 
excluding/and including]) [ 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
As described in paragraph  5(i) of the Equity and Market 
Access Product Terms 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Effective Date 
(iv) 
Parity Level Cap ("PLC"): 
[[] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(v) 
N: 
[]

--- Page 287 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
287 
 
 
(vi) 
Conversion Value: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(Applicable only for Reverse SCEEN Certificates) 
(vii) 
FX Rate ("FX"): 
[Applicable: Underlying Asset Currency: []] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
(viii) 
Valuation Date: 
The [] Scheduled Trading Day following the Effective 
Date 
(ix) 
Exercise Notice provisions if 
different to the Equity and 
Market 
Access 
Product 
Terms: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
24. 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
for 
SCEEN Certificates: 
[Specify] 
25. 
Equity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Provisions 
– 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount in respect of Equity Linked 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Equity Linked Redemption 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Market Access Product Terms: Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Whether 
redemption of the 
Certificates will be 
by 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement or (b) 
Physical 
Delivery 
or 
(c) 
Cash 
Settlement and/or 
Physical 
Delivery 
and 
whether 
Physical 
Election 
or 
Variation 
of 
Settlement applies: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Delivery] / [Cash 
Settlement and/or Physical Delivery] 
[Physical Election: Applicable] 
(b) 
Variation 
of 
Settlement: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Issuer has the option to 
vary settlement in respect of the Certificates and, if the 
Issuer elects to exercise its option to vary settlement, 
the [Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement] provisions 
will then apply] (Where the Issuer has the option to vary 
settlement then provisions relating to the Final 
Redemption Amount and the Asset Amount should 
each be completed below) 
(c) 
Type 
of 
Certificates: 
[Long 
Certificates] 
/ 
[Short 
Certificates] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[As set out in the Market Access Product Terms/Specify 
formula or method of calculation]

--- Page 288 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
288 
 
 
(e) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Reference Price: 
[Definition set out in paragraph  8 of the Equity and 
Market 
Access 
Product 
Terms 
applies/Actual/Market/Specify other] 
(h) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Actual/Market/Specify other/Not Applicable] 
 
(If "Market", specify the Relevant Screen Page) 
 
[The Relevant Screen Page is []] 
(i) 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special conditions: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Physical 
Delivery 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant Assets: 
[Specify, including Tradable Amounts] 
(b) 
Asset Amount: 
[Specify] 
(c) 
Cut-off Date: 
[] 
(d) 
Adjustment 
for 
Hedging Costs in 
relation 
to 
Disruption 
Cash 
Settlement Price: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. This relates to the payment of Hedging Costs 
when determining the Disruption Cash Settlement Price 
following a Settlement Disruption Event only) 
(e) 
Relevant 
Asset 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable and for which purpose the 
Relevant Asset Substitution Criteria is [Specify]] 
(f) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
26. 
Credit Linked Notes (in accordance 
with Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
July 2009 Supplement: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Certificate 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(iii) 
First-to-Default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 289 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
289 
 
 
 
(If applicable, specify Reference Entities comprising the 
Reference Portfolio in sub-paragraph  (iv) below. If not 
applicable, specify the Reference Entity in sub-
paragraph  (v) below.) 
(iv) 
Reference 
Entities 
comprising the Reference 
Portfolio: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. These may be set out in the form of a table which 
may be annexed to this Pricing Supplement. All 
relevant items below should be completed in respect of 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
(repeating 
items 
where 
necessary) which may also be done by including the 
Reference Entities and such items in a table and in this 
case specify: "See the table (the "Table") annexed to 
this Pricing Supplement." Relevant prompts below 
indicate where the same approach may be used) 
(v) 
Reference Entity: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
 
[Transaction Type: []] 
(vi) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
 
(N.B. If "First-to-Default" is applicable, specify for each 
Reference Entity in the Reference Portfolio) 
(vii) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
 
(N.B. If Applicable, the provisions of the 2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions will apply to any 
Reference Entity) 
(viii) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Grace Period: [] calendar days] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable 
Obligation: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs
below if Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation is 
not applicable) 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
 
(select one)
 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics:

--- Page 290 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
290 
 
 
 
(select all of which apply)
 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Specified 
Currency[: 
[Specify]]]
(NB: 
if 
Specified Currency is included as a Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
but 
no 
specific 
currency is specified, "Standard Specified 
Currencies" will apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency 
means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
- 
Business Day Convention relating to Limitation 
Dates: [Floating Rate Convention] / [Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Preceding 
Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Delete 
the 
sub-paragraphs 
below 
if 
Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation is not applicable) 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
 
(select one)
 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
 
(select all of which apply)
 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Specified 
Currency[: 
[Specify]]]
(NB: 
if 
Specified Currency is included as a Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
but 
no 
specific 
currency is specified, "Standard Specified 
Currencies" will apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency 
means: [Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer]

--- Page 291 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
291 
 
 
 
- 
Business Day Convention relating to Limitation 
Dates: [Floating Rate Convention] / [Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Preceding 
Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Partial 
Redemption 
Following 
Restructuring: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB. Partial Redemption Following Restructuring can 
only be applicable if either "Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or 
"Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is specified as 
"Applicable" in this Pricing Supplement) 
 
Multiple Holder Obligation: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[See Table] 
 
[Other]
- 
Default 
Requirement: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of the 
Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply]/[See Table] 
- 
Payment 
Requirement:  
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of the 
Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply]/[See Table] 
(ix) 
Conditions to Settlement: 
Notice of Publicly Available Information: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): 
[] 
/ 
[The 
provisions set out 
in paragraph  15 of 
the Credit Terms 
(2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
Version) apply] 
Specified Number: 
[] 
(x) 
Obligation(s): 
 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
(select one only)
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[See Table] 
Obligation Characteristics:  
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which apply)
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]]
(NB: if Specified 
Currency is included as an Obligation Characteristic but 
no specific currency is specified, "Standard Specified 
Currencies" will apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency means: 
[Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed]

--- Page 292 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
292 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[See Table] 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[[]/[Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xi) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[[]/[Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / [Auction 
Settlement] 
(xiii) 
Adjustment 
for 
Hedging 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Applicable only where Auction Settlement is 
applicable) 
(xiv) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(xv) 
Partial Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
No Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Terms 
relating 
to 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
- 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Certificate] / [Specify method of determination] / 
[As defined in paragraph  15 of the Credit Terms (2003 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)] 
- 
Adjustment 
for 
Hedging Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  15 of the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version) apply] 
- 
Fixed Recovery: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable: Final Price means [] per 
cent.] 
 
(If applicable, delete the following 8 sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
- 
Valuation Date: 
[Single Valuation Date: [[] Business Days] / [The 
provisions set out in paragraph  15 of the Credit Terms 
(2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) 
apply]] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [[] Business Days; and each 
of the [] Business Days thereafter. Number of 
Valuation Dates: []] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  15 of the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version) apply]] 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of the 
Credit Terms apply]

--- Page 293 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
293 
 
 
- 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market] 
- 
Quotation Amount: 
[]/ [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of the 
Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply] 
- 
Minimum Quotation 
Amount: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of the 
Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply] 
- 
Dealers: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of the 
Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply] 
- 
Quotations: 
[Include Accrued Interest/Exclude Accrued Interest] 
- 
Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market/Blended Highest] 
 
[Average Blended Market/Average Blended Highest] 
- 
Other 
terms 
or 
special conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Terms relating to Physical 
Settlement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
- 
Physical Settlement 
Period: 
[] Business Days 
- 
Asset Amount: 
[Include Accrued Interest/Exclude Accrued Interest] 
- 
Adjustment 
for 
Hedging Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  15 of the 
Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply] 
- 
Deliverable 
Obligations: 
 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
(select one only) 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
[See Table] 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if Specified 
Currency is included as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic but no specific currency is specified

--- Page 294 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
294 
 
 
"Standard Specified Currencies" will apply)
(select all of which 
apply) 
 [Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency means: 
[Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Contingent] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
[See Table] 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[[]/[Not Applicable/See Table] 
Interpretation of 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(see paragraph  (B) 
of the definition of 
"Deliverable 
Obligations") 
 
- 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[[]/[Not Applicable/See Table] 
- 
Indicative 
Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement 
of 
Consent 
Required 
Loans: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement 
of 
Assignable Loans: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Adjustment 
for 
Hedging Costs in 
the 
event 
of 
a 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Note that this item relates to the payment of Hedging 
Costs in the event of a Partial Cash Settlement of an 
Undeliverable Obligation only, and not to Physical 
Settlement generally, to which the sub-paragraph 
"Adjustment for Hedging Costs" relates) 
- 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] 
- 
Other 
terms 
or 
special conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 295 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
295 
 
 
 
(If Applicable, specify Relevant Jurisdiction) 
 
[Relevant Jurisdiction: []/[As specified in paragraph  12 
of the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version)]] 
27. 
Credit Linked Notes (in accordance 
with Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Certificate 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(iii) 
First-to-Default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, specify Reference Entities in sub-
paragraph  (vi) below. If not applicable, specify the 
Reference Entity in sub-paragraph  (ix) below.) 
(iv) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Entities in the 
case of Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Securities or where 
First to Default applies: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. These may be set out in the form of a table which 
may be annexed to this Pricing Supplement. All 
relevant items below should be completed in respect of 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
(repeating 
items 
where 
necessary) which may also be done by including the 
Reference Entities and such items in a table and in this 
case specify: "See the table (the "Table") annexed to 
this Pricing Supplement." Relevant prompts below 
indicate where the same approach may be used) 
(vi) 
Reference Entity: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount: 
[(Specify in respect of each Reference Entity in the 
case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities)/See 
Table/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Relevant Rate (for purposes 
of determining the Weighted 
Average 
Rate, 
if 
applicable.):  
[[]%/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(ix) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable]/See Table/[Standard Reference 
Obligation [not] applicable][Senior Level/Subordinated 
Level] 
 
(the following must be inserted when Notes are Cash 
Settled. N.B. if Standard Reference Obligation is 
applicable delete  (a)- (e)- below) 
 
(a) 
Primary Obligor: 
[Specify] 
 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
[Specify]

--- Page 296 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
296 
 
 
 
(c) 
Maturity: 
[Specify] 
 
(d) 
Coupon: 
[Specify] 
 
(e) 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[Specify] 
(x) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
 
[Provisions relating to Qualifying Guarantee and 
Underlying Obligation: paragraph  20 of the Credit 
Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) [Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
(xi) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Grace Period: [] calendar days] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
Multiple Holder Obligation: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Partial 
Redemption 
Following 
Restructuring: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [[Mod R/Mod Mod R] 
applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
[Other]
 
[See Table] 
(a) 
Financial 
Reference 
Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(b) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(c) 
Default 
Requirement: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply]/[See Table] 
(d) 
Payment 
Requirement: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply]/[See Table] 
(xii) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): 
[] / [The provisions 
set 
out 
in 
paragraph  20 of the 
Credit Terms (2014 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives

--- Page 297 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
297 
 
 
Definitions Version) 
apply] 
 
Specified Number: 
[] 
(xiii) 
Obligation(s): 
 
Obligation Category: 
(select one only) 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[See Table] 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which apply)
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if Specified 
Currency is included as an Obligation Characteristic but 
no specific currency is specified, "any Standard 
Specified Currency" will apply) 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency means: 
[Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[None] 
 
[See Table] 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[See Table] 
(xiv) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[See Table] 
(xv) 
Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / [Auction 
Settlement] 
(xvi) 
Adjustment 
for 
Hedging 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Note that this paragraph 
should be specified as "Applicable" if Hedging Costs 
are to be deducted, including in the event of a Partial 
Cash Settlement of an Undeliverable Obligation) 
(Specify Applicable only where Auction Settlement is 
applicable) 
(xvii) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Limitation Dates subject to 
adjustment in accordance 
with 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable] [Yes/No] (Not applicable unless M(M)R 
Restructuring applies) 
(xix) 
Partial Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
No Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 298 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
298 
 
 
(xxi) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Monoline 
Insurer 
as 
Reference Entity: 
The provisions set out in paragraph  (i) of the Credit 
Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) [[do not] apply] [See Table] 
(xxii) 
Provisions relating to Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[The provisions set out in paragraph  15(ii) of the Credit 
Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) [do not] apply] [See Table] 
(xxiii) 
Provisions relating to 2019 
Narrowly 
Tailored 
Credit 
Event Provisions: 
The provisions set out in paragraph 15(iii) of the Credit 
Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) [do not] apply 
 
(N.B. If the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event 
Provisions 
apply, 
complete 
the 
prompts 
below. 
Otherwise, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration 
Requirement:  
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]]] 
(xxiv) 
Provisions relating to 2020 
Limited Recourse Additional 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Deliverable Obligations (NB: 
Complete 
for 
all 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities 
for 
interpretation 
and 
construction purposes even 
where Physical Settlement 
is not possible): 
 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] 
(select one only)
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
[See Table] 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
Characteristics:  
(select all of which apply) 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency[: [Specify]]] (NB: if Specified 
Currency is included as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic but no specific currency is specified, "any 
Standard Specified Currency" will apply) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency: Domestic Currency means: 
[Specify currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation]

--- Page 299 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
299 
 
 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: []] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[See Table] 
Sovereign 
No 
Asset 
Package Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/See Table] 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
Interpretation of Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(see paragraph  (B) of the 
definition 
of 
"Deliverable 
Obligations") 
 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable/See Table] 
(xxvi) 
Terms 
relating 
to 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Certificate] / [Specify method of determination] / 
[As defined in paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 
ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
Version)/Not 
Applicable (in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes)] 
(b) 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version) apply/Not Applicable (in 
the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes)] 
(c) 
Credit 
Event 
Payment Date: 
[[] Business Days] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version) apply] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: Specify "Not Applicable" unless the Securities are 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities) 
(d) 
Fixed Recovery: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable: Final Price means [] per 
cent.] 
 
(If applicable, delete the following 8 sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(e) 
Valuation Date: 
[Single Valuation Date: [[] Business Days] / [The 
provisions set out in paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms 
(2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) 
apply]] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [[] Business Days; and each 
of the [] Business Days thereafter. Number of 
Valuation Dates: []] / [The provisions set out in 
paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit

--- Page 300 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
300 
 
 
Derivatives Definitions Version) apply]] 
(f) 
Valuation Time: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply] 
(g) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market/As per paragraph  20 of the Credit 
Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version)] 
(h) 
Quotation Amount: 
[]/ [Representative Amount] / [The provisions set out 
in paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions Version) apply] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Quotation Amount: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply] 
(j) 
Quotation Dealers: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply] 
(k) 
Quotations: 
[Include Accrued Interest/Exclude Accrued Interest] 
(l) 
Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market/Blended Highest] 
 
[Average Blended Market/Average Blended Highest] 
 
[As per paragraph  20 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version)] 
(m) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special conditions:. 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxvii) Terms relating to Physical 
Settlement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Physical 
Settlement Period: 
[[] Business Days] [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Asset Amount: 
[Include Accrued Interest/Exclude Accrued Interest] 
(c) 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[] / [The provisions set out in paragraph  20 of the 
Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Version) apply] 
(d) 
Indicative 
Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement 
of 
Consent Required 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 301 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
301 
 
 
Loans: 
(f) 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement 
of 
Assignable Loans: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Adjustment 
for 
Hedging Costs in 
the 
event 
of 
a 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Note that this item relates to the payment of Hedging 
Costs in the event of a Partial Cash Settlement of an 
Undeliverable Obligation only, and not to Physical 
Settlement generally, to which the sub-paragraph 
"Adjustment for Hedging Costs" relates) 
(h) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] 
(i) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special conditions: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxviii) Force Majeure Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Applicable, specify Relevant Jurisdiction) 
 
[Relevant Jurisdiction: []/[As specified in paragraph  13 
of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version)]] 
(xxix) 
Merger Event: 
Paragraph  12 of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
Version) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(xxx) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following][Modified 
Following][Preceding] 
Business 
Day Convention 
(xxxi) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[Specify] 
(xxxii) Reference Obligation Only 
Termination Amount: 
[Specify] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. to be specified for the purposes of paragraph  18 
of the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) for Reference Obligation Only 
Securities relating to a single Reference Entity) 
(xxxiii) Qualifying 
Participation 
Seller:  
[insert] [Not Applicable] [See Table] 
28. 
Currency 
Linked 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Specify formula or method of calculation] 
(ii) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special 
conditions: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Commodity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Whether redemption of the 
Certificates will be by (a) 
Cash Settlement

--- Page 302 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
302 
 
 
Cash 
Settlement 
or 
(b) 
Physical 
Delivery 
or 
(c) 
Cash 
Settlement 
and/or 
Physical 
Delivery 
and 
whether Physical Election 
applies: 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Specify formula or method of calculation] 
(iii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[Specify] 
(iv) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special 
conditions: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
30. 
Index 
Linked 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Index Terms: 
 
(a) 
Whether 
redemption of the 
Certificates will be 
by 
(a) 
Cash 
Settlement or (b) 
Physical 
Delivery 
or 
(c) 
Cash 
Settlement and/or 
Physical 
Delivery 
and 
whether 
Physical 
Election 
applies: 
Cash Settlement 
(b) 
Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify formula or method of calculation] 
(c) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Strike Price: 
[Specify] 
(f) 
Reference Price: 
[Definition set out in paragraph  4 of the Index Terms 
applies/Specify other] 
(g) 
Other 
terms 
or 
special conditions: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
31. 
Other redemption provisions: 
[Specify] 
PAYMENTS 
 
32. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable][Specify]/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE CERTIFICATES 
33. 
Form of Certificates: 
Registered Form: [Regulation S Global W&C 
Security/Unitary 
Global 
W&C 
Security. 
The

--- Page 303 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
303 
 
 
Certificates are eligible for sale in the United States 
to QIBs] 
34. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Standard Chartered Bank] / [Standard Chartered 
Bank (Hong Kong) Limited] / [Standard Chartered 
Bank (Singapore) Limited] / [] 
35. 
Business Centre(s): 
[Specify] 
 
(Note that this item relates to Business Days) 
36. 
Other final terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
37. 
Additional Provisions for Use with an 
Indian Underlying Asset/Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
38. 
Additional Provisions for Use with a 
Taiwan Underlying Asset/Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
39. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Other 
Jurisdictions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
40. 
Correction Period for the purpose of 
Condition  9 (Corrections): 
[At 
any 
time][Specify][In 
accordance 
with 
Condition  9 (Corrections)] 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[] has 
been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] (Consider 
whether relevant for non-listed issues) 
Signed on behalf of [Standard Chartered Bank / Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打
銀行 (香港) 有限公司 / Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited]: 
 
 
By:.........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 304 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
304 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING AND LISTING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Dublin/[]/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made to [Euronext 
Dublin]/[Specify] for the Certificates to be 
admitted to the [Official List and to trading on its 
[Global 
Exchange 
Market/regulated 
market]]/[Specify other] [with effect from [the 
Issue Date]/[]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note that if a "unitary" or "series" prospectus will 
be separately prepared for the listing application, 
use "will be" in the above wording and use such 
prospectus and not this Pricing Supplement for 
the listing) 
 
[Certificates of the same Series have been 
admitted to trading on the [Global Exchange 
Market of Euronext Dublin]/[Specify other] with 
effect from []] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that the original Certificates are already 
admitted to listing/trading) 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[Add if applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Listing 
Particulars] [The Certificates are specified as 
being 
["Sustainability 
Bonds"]/["Green 
Bonds"]/["Social Bonds"] and an amount equal to 
the net proceeds from the issuance of the 
Certificates will be used as described in "Use of 
Proceeds – ESG Bonds" in the Base Listing 
Particulars] [[] (if reasons for the offer are 
different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Listing Particulars, give details)] 
4. 
PERFORMANCE OF REFERENCE ITEM(S) BASKET OF REFERENCE ITEM(S) AND 
OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE/EACH REFERENCE ITEM (Equity Linked 
Certificates only) 
[For Certificates listed on the Global Exchange Market or if otherwise required, need to 
include details of [the/each] [company/fund/depositary] issuing the [equity securities/ETF 
securities/fund interest/depositary receipt securities], any security identification number of 
[the/each] [equity security/fund/depositary receipt security], where pricing information about 
[the/each] [equity security/ETF security/ fund interest/depositary receipt security]] is available 
and where past and future performance and volatility of [the/each] [equity security/ETF 
security/fund interest/depositary receipt security] can be obtained [by electronic means and 
whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]]

--- Page 305 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
305 
 
 
[For Certificates listed on the Global Exchange Market or if otherwise required, need to 
include details of [the/each] [index/currency/commodity], where pricing information about 
[the/each] [index/currency/commodity] is available and where past and future performance 
and volatility of [the/each] [index/currency/commodity] can be obtained. Include details of 
where information about [the/each] [index/currency/commodity] can be obtained [by electronic 
means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]] 
[Not Applicable] 
5. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE/EACH REFERENCE ENTITY AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE/EACH REFERENCE ENTITY (Credit Linked Certificates only) 
[For Certificates listed on the Global Exchange Market or as otherwise required, include 
details of [the/each] reference entity] 
[For Certificates listed on the Global Exchange Market or as otherwise required, information in 
relation to any Reference Entity is available from internationally recognised published or 
electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any website of the relevant 
Reference Entity] / [Include details of where information on [the/each] reference entity can be 
obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]  
[Not Applicable] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF FX RATE AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE FX 
RATE (Alternate Currency Certificates only) 
[For Certificates listed on the Global Exchange Market or as otherwise required, need to 
include details of the FX Rate, where pricing information about the FX Rate is available and 
where past and future performance and volatility of the FX Rate can be obtained [by 
electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]]  
[Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See / [[include code]42, as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See / [[include code]43, as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
                                                   
42  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
43  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 306 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
306 
 
 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
(v) 
Applicable 
code 
under 
any 
clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking S.A.: 
[] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Certificate Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
Names [and addresses] of any 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names [and addresses] of 
entities having a dealer/underwriting role in 
respect 
of 
the 
initial 
subscription 
of 
the 
Certificates] 
 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue without 
a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers. 
Terms of appointment to be agreed with the 
relevant Issuer and set out in a purchase 
agreement or other subscription agreement) 
(iii) 
Date of Purchase Agreement: 
[Not 
Applicable/insert 
date] 
(Terms 
of 
appointment to be agreed with the relevant Issuer 
and set out in a purchase agreement or other 
subscription agreement) 
(iv) 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
details, 
including 
any 
additional supplemental or amended U.S. selling 
restrictions and certifications that may be 
required in light of specific terms of the 
Securities, including any certifications as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership required in the case of 
Certificates providing for physical settlement] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – [at all times/only 
after [specify date]]] 
(If the Certificates clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Certificates do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Certificates

--- Page 307 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
307 
 
 
may constitute "packaged" products, and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified. Specify a date if 
a key information document will be prepared and 
the Certificates may be sold to EEA Retail 
Investors only up to a certain specified date) 
("Applicable – at all times" should be specified for 
sales outside the EEA to ensure there are no 
'flow-back' sales) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[ – at all times/only 
after [specify date]]] 
(If the Certificates clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Certificates do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Certificates may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
Specify a date if a key information document will 
be prepared and the Certificates may be sold to 
UK Retail Investors only up to a certain specified 
date) 
("Applicable – at all times" should be specified for 
sales outside the UK to ensure there are no 'flow-
back' sales) 
(vii) 
Additional U.S. federal income 
tax consequences: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[The Certificates are [not] Specified Securities for 
purposes of Section 871(m).] (The Certificates 
will not be Specified Securities if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities. If the Certificates reference a U.S. 
equity or an index that contains a component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities, further analysis will be 
required) [Based on market conditions on the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, the Issuer has 
made a preliminary determination that the 
Certificates are [not] Specified Securities for 
purposes of Section 871(m). This is a preliminary 
determination only that is subject to change 
based on market conditions on the Issue Date. If 
the Issuer's final determination is different then it 
will give notice of such determination.] [Please 
contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer 
contact] for further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Certificates.]

--- Page 308 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
0078796-0000337 
UKO2: 
2004533472.17 
308 
 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
The following is the text of the General Terms and Conditions that, subject to the provisions of the 
relevant Product Terms, the relevant Issue Terms and, if applicable, the additional terms set out in 
any relevant supplement to this Base Prospectus, shall be the "Conditions" applicable to the 
Warrants. References in the Conditions to "Warrants" are to the Warrants of one series only, not to 
all Warrants that may be issued under the Programme. Reference should be made to "Form of Final 
Terms of the Warrants" for a description of the contents of Final Terms which will specify which of 
such terms are to apply in relation to Warrants which are not Exempt Warrants and reference should 
be made to "Form of Pricing Supplement of the Warrants" for a description of the contents of the 
Pricing Supplement which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the Warrants 
which are Exempt Warrants. 
This Warrant is one of a Series (as defined below) of Warrants ("Warrants") issued by (i) Standard 
Chartered Bank ("SCB"), acting through its principal office in London or, as the case may be, acting 
through the branch specified as being the Specified Branch in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined 
below), (ii) Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited ("SCBHK") or (iii) Standard Chartered 
Bank (Singapore) Limited ("SCBSL") as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, pursuant to the 
Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement (as defined below). References to the "Issuer" are to 
SCB, SCBHK or SCBSL, as applicable, as the relevant Issuer of the Warrants specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
References herein to "Exempt Warrants" are to Warrants which are neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Warrants have the benefit of an amended and restated Warrants and Certificates Agency 
Agreement (such Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the "Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement") dated 9 July 
2021 and made between, among others, SCB, SCBHK, SCBSL and Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as principal warrant agent (the "Principal Warrant Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor agent), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (the "Luxembourg Warrant Agent") and the 
other warrant agents named therein (any such warrant agents, together with the Luxembourg Warrant 
Agent and the Principal Warrant Agent, the "Warrant Agents", which expression shall include any 
additional or successor warrant agents). The Warrants will be in book-entry form and represented by 
a global security and substantially in the form set forth in the Warrants and Certificates Agency 
Agreement ("Global W&C Security"), which will either be designated as a "Regulation S Global W&C 
Security" or a "Unitary Global W&C Security", all of which shall become valid obligations of the Issuer 
when the applicable Issue Terms are attached to the relevant Global W&C Security. 
If the Warrants are not Exempt Warrants, the final terms for this Warrant (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) are set out in Part A of the final terms document (the "Final Terms") attached to or endorsed 
on this Warrant which completes these terms and conditions (the "General Terms and Conditions") 
for the purposes of this Warrant or, if the Warrants are Exempt Warrants, the final terms for this 
Warrant (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the pricing supplement (the 
"Pricing Supplement") attached to or endorsed on this Warrant which may specify other terms and 
conditions and which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these General 
Terms and Conditions, replace or modify these General Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this 
Warrant. References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Warrant and 
references to the "applicable Pricing Supplement" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the 
Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Warrant. 
References to "applicable Product Terms" are to the relevant additional terms and conditions 
attached to or endorsed on this Warrant. 
References herein to "Issue Terms" are either (i) where the Warrants are not Exempt Warrants, the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Warrants are Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, and should be construed accordingly.

--- Page 309 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
309 
 
 
Any reference to "Warrantholders" or "holders" in relation to any Warrants shall mean the persons 
who are for the time being shown in the records of the Clearing System(s) as the holders of the 
Warrants. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Warrants which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Warrants together with any further 
Tranche or Tranches of Warrants which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series 
and (ii) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all 
respects save for their Issue Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Warrantholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant made by SCB in respect of 
Warrants and Certificates issued by SCB and dated 3 July 2014 (such Deed of Covenant as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "SCB W&C Deed of Covenant"), the 
Deed of Covenant made by SCBHK in respect of Warrants and Certificates issued by SCBHK and 
dated 3 July 2014 (such Deed of Covenant as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the "SCBHK W&C Deed of Covenant") and the Deed of Covenant made by SCBSL in 
respect of Warrants and Certificates issued by SCBSL and dated 12 July 2018 (such Deed of 
Covenant as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "SCBSL W&C 
Deed of Covenant" and, together with the SCB W&C Deed of Covenant and the SCBHK W&C Deed 
of Covenant, the "W&C Deeds of Covenant" and each a "W&C Deed of Covenant"). The originals 
of the W&C Deeds of Covenant are held by the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (each as defined below). 
Holders of Warrants that are "restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act are 
entitled to the benefit of (i) in respect of Warrants issued by SCB or SCBHK, a deed poll made by 
SCB and SCBHK (the "W&C Deed Poll") dated 3 July 2014, or (ii) in respect of Warrants issued by 
SCBSL, a deed poll made by SCBSL (the "SCBSL W&C Deed Poll") dated 12 July 2018. Copies of 
the applicable Issue Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified offices of the 
Warrant Agents and copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be 
obtained from the website of the relevant stock exchange on which such Warrants are listed. 
However, that the applicable Pricing Supplement relating to Exempt Warrants which are not listed on 
any stock exchange will only be obtainable by a Warrantholder holding one or more Warrants of that 
Series and such Warrantholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant 
Warrant Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity.  
The Warrantholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions 
of the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement, the W&C Deeds of Covenant and the applicable 
Issue Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these General Terms and Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Warrants and Certificates 
Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement or used in the 
applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these General Terms and 
Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated, and provided that, in the 
event of inconsistency between the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms will prevail. 
In these General Terms and Conditions, the following definitions shall apply: 
"Actual Exercise Date" means (i) in the case of a European Style Warrant, the Exercise Date or (ii) in 
the case of an American Style Warrant or a Bermudan Style Warrant, the date during the Exercise 
Period on which the Warrant is actually exercised or is deemed to be exercised (as is more fully set 
out in, and subject to, Condition  3(a)). 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity.

--- Page 310 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
310 
 
 
"American Style Warrants" means Warrants designated in the applicable Issue Terms as "American 
Style". 
"Asset Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Product Terms and/or applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Warrant, its Actual Exercise Date and each date specified 
as an Averaging Date in the applicable Issue Terms subject to the provisions relating to non-Business 
Days, Disrupted Days (if applicable), Market Disruption Events (if applicable) and other adjustments 
set out in the applicable Product Terms and/or, in respect of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"Business Centre" means each location specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Bermudan Style Warrants" means Warrants designated in the applicable Issue Terms as 
"Bermudan Style". 
"Business Day" means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) any Business Centre (other than TARGET 
System) specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) on which each Clearing System is 
open for business; 
(b) 
if TARGET System is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Issue Terms, a day on 
which the TARGET System is open (a "TARGET Settlement Day"); and 
(c) 
either: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Business Centre and 
which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively); or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day. 
"Clearing System(s)" means Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system 
(as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.. 
"Cut-off Time" means, in respect of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 10.00am Brussels or 
Luxembourg time or, in respect of any other clearing system, such other time as is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of that Clearing System. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
"European Style Warrants" means Warrants designated in the applicable Issue Terms as "European 
Style". 
"Exercise Business Day" means a day which is a Business Day and, in the case of an Index Linked 
Warrant or Equity Linked Warrant, a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the applicable Product 
Terms). 
"Exercise Date" shall have the meaning in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 311 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
311 
 
 
"Exercise Expenses" shall have the meaning specified in Condition  4(c)(viii). 
"Exercise Notice" shall have the meaning specified in Condition  4(a)(ii). 
"Exercise Period" means (i) in respect of American Style Warrants, the period during which such 
Warrants can be exercised as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) in respect of Bermudan 
Style Warrants, the period which consists of each Potential Exercise Date. 
"Expiration Date" shall have the meaning specified in Condition  3(a). 
"Financial Centre" means each location specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"In-The-Money" means, on any date: 
(a) 
in the case of a Cash Settled Warrant, the Settlement Amount in respect of such Warrant is 
greater than zero; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Physical Delivery Warrant and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
value of the Asset Amount on such date for such Warrant (taking into account, if already paid 
and if applicable, the Strike Price) is greater than zero. 
"Issue Date" means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Issuer Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place of location of the Issuer. 
"Maximum Exercise Number" means, in relation to American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style 
Warrants, the maximum number of Warrants that may be exercised on any day by any Warrantholder 
or group of Warrantholders (whether or not acting in concert) as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Minimum Exercise Number" means, in relation to American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style 
Warrants, the minimum number of Warrants that may be exercised on any day by any Warrantholder 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Payment Day" means any day which is: 
(a) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than any Financial Centre and which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open; and 
(b) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
each Financial Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
if TARGET System is specified as a Financial Centre in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
day on which TARGET System is open. 
"Potential Exercise Date" means, in respect of a Bermudan Style Warrant, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if that date is not an Exercise Business Day, the next following 
date that is an Exercise Business Day.

--- Page 312 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
312 
 
 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
"Reference Price" shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Product Terms and shall be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
"Regulation S Global W&C Security" means a Global W&C Security representing Warrants sold 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Settlement Amount" means, in relation to each Warrant and subject as provided in the relevant 
Product Terms, either (a) in respect of Warrants which are Exempt Securities, the amount to which 
the Warrantholder is entitled in the Specified Currency, as specified or determined as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (which may include, without limitation, any amount specified in  (b) 
below) or (b) otherwise, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
where Averaging is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants, 
(Reference Price less Strike Price); or 
(ii) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants, 
(Strike Price less Reference Price); or 
(b) 
where Averaging is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants, 
(the arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices for all the Averaging Dates - Strike 
Price); or 
(ii) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants, 
(Strike Price less the arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices for all the Averaging 
Dates), 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent as provided in Condition  3(b), provided always 
that the Settlement Amount shall in no event be less than zero. Where the applicable Issue Terms 
specifies that the relevant Warrants are "Zero Strike" Warrants, references to "Strike Price" in the 
above formulae shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the Settlement Amount. 
The Settlement Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of 
Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese 
Yen, half of one unit) being rounded upwards, with Warrants exercised at the same time by the same 
Warrantholder being aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Settlement Amounts 
payable in respect of such Warrants. 
"Settlement Date" shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the settlement currency for the payment of the Settlement Amount as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Strike Price" shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 313 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
313 
 
 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) system which was launched on 19 November 2007, or any successor 
thereto. 
"Unitary Global W&C Security" means a Global W&C Security representing Warrants sold in the 
United States to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or another exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act and outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
1. 
FORM, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
The Warrants are in registered form and shall be represented at all times by the Global W&C 
Security deposited outside of the United Kingdom with a common depository for the Clearing 
System. Warrants in definitive form shall not be issued. 
Where the Warrants are not Exempt Warrants, the Warrants may be Equity Linked Warrants 
or Market Access Product Warrants as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where 
the Warrants are Exempt Warrants, the Warrants may be Commodity Linked Warrants, 
Currency Linked Warrants, Equity Linked Warrants, Market Access Product Warrants, Index 
Linked Warrants or a combination of any of the foregoing, as may be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. The applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether the Warrants 
are American Style Warrants, Bermudan Style Warrants or European Style Warrants or, in 
respect of Exempt Warrants, such other type as may be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, whether automatic exercise ("Automatic Exercise") applies to the Warrants, 
whether settlement shall be by way of cash payment ("Cash Settled Warrants") and/or (if the 
applicable provisions are in the relevant Product Terms) physical delivery ("Physical 
Delivery Warrants"), whether the Warrants are call Warrants ("Call Warrants") or put 
Warrants ("Put Warrants"), or, in respect of Exempt Warrants, such other type as may be 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, whether the Warrants may only be exercised 
in Units and whether Averaging ("Averaging") will apply. If Units are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, Warrants must be exercised in Units and any Exercise Notice which 
purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. If 
Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms 
will state the relevant Averaging Dates. 
For so long as any Global W&C Security is held on behalf of the Clearing System(s), each 
person (other than the Clearing System(s)) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
the Clearing System(s) as the holder of a particular number of such Warrants (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by the Clearing System(s) as to the number of such 
Warrants standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Warrant 
Agents as the holder of such number of such Warrants for all purposes, and the expressions 
"Warrantholder" and "holder of Warrants" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Warrants, as they are represented by a Global W&C Security, will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Clearing System(s). 
Transfers of Warrants may be effected only in integral multiples of the Minimum Transferable 
Number of Warrants and through the relevant Clearing System(s). Title will pass upon 
registration of the transfer in the books of such relevant Clearing System(s). 
In the event that the applicable Issue Terms specify that Warrants are eligible for sale in the 
United States to QIBs, the Warrants will be represented by one or more Unitary Global W&C 
Securities.  In all other cases, the Warrants will be represented by one or more Regulation S 
Global W&C Securities. 
The Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security and a Unitary Global W&C 
Security may be sold or otherwise transferred in the manner provided in the Warrants and 
Certificates Agency Agreement and herein.  Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global

--- Page 314 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
314 
 
 
W&C Security (or interests therein) may not be transferred or exchanged for Warrants 
represented by a Unitary Global W&C Security (or interests therein), or vice versa. 
2. 
STATUS 
The Warrants are direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The obligations of the Issuer 
under the Warrants shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
3. 
EXERCISE RIGHTS 
(a) 
Exercise Period 
(i) 
American Style Warrants 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of 
Exempt Warrants, American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise 
Business Day during the Exercise Period. If, on any Exercise Business Day 
during the Exercise Period, an Exercise Notice is delivered at or prior to the 
relevant Cut-off Time to the Clearing System(s), and a copy thereof is 
delivered at or prior to the relevant Cut-off Time to the Principal Warrant 
Agent, such day shall be deemed to be the day of delivery of the Exercise 
Notice (the "Actual Exercise Date"). If any such Exercise Notice is delivered 
to the Clearing System(s), or if the copy thereof is delivered to the Principal 
Warrant Agent, after the relevant Cut-off Time on any Exercise Business 
Day, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next 
day that is a Business Day, which day shall be deemed to be the Actual 
Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of which no 
Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition  4 by 
the relevant Cut-off Time on the last day that is a Business Day of the 
Exercise Period (the "Expiration Date") and has not been automatically 
exercised in the manner set out in Condition  4(b) (if applicable) shall expire 
immediately without value thereafter and all rights of the Warrantholders and 
obligations of the Issuer with respect to such Warrants shall cease. 
(ii) 
Bermudan Style Warrants 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of 
Exempt Warrants, Bermudan Style Warrants are exercisable on any Potential 
Exercise Date.  If, on any Potential Exercise Date, an Exercise Notice is 
delivered at or prior to the relevant Cut-off Time to the Clearing System(s), 
and a copy thereof is delivered at or prior to the relevant Cut-off Time to the 
Principal Warrant Agent, such day shall be deemed to be the day of delivery 
of the Exercise Notice (the "Actual Exercise Date").  If any such Exercise 
Notice is delivered to the Clearing System(s), or if the copy thereof is 
delivered to the Principal Warrant Agent, after the relevant Cut-off Time on 
any Potential Exercise Date, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to be 
ineffective.  Any Bermudan Style Warrants in respect of which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition  4 by the 
relevant Cut-off Time on the last Potential Exercise Date (the "Expiration 
Date") and which have not been automatically exercised in the manner set 
out in Condition  4(b) (if applicable) shall expire immediately without value 
thereafter and all rights of the Warrantholders and obligations of the Issuer 
with respect to such Warrants shall cease.

--- Page 315 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
315 
 
 
(iii) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants will be automatically exercised in the manner set 
out in Condition  4(b). Any European Style Warrants which have not been 
automatically exercised in the manner set out in Condition  4(b) shall expire 
immediately without value thereafter and all rights of the Warrantholders and 
obligations of the Issuer with respect to such Warrants shall cease. 
(b) 
Settlement Amount and Asset Amount 
Where the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, a Warrantholder, upon due exercise 
and subject as provided in the Conditions, will receive from the Issuer on the 
Settlement Date, in respect of each such Warrant, a Settlement Amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, a Warrantholder, upon due 
exercise and subject as provided in the Conditions and subject, in respect of Exempt 
Warrants, to payment of the Strike Price if so specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, will receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date, in respect of each 
such Warrants, the Asset Amount. 
4. 
EXERCISE PROCEDURE 
(a) 
Automatic or Exercise Notice 
Subject as set out in paragraph  (b) below, Warrants shall be exercisable: 
(i) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Automatic Exercise is 
applicable, by way of Automatic Exercise in accordance with Condition  4(b) 
("Automatic Exercise"); or 
(ii) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Automatic Exercise is not 
applicable, by the delivery, or the sending by tested telex (confirmed in 
writing) (or, if the Warrants are held in Euroclear, by the Euroclear 
Information Distribution System ("Euclid") and, if the Warrants are held in 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, 
by 
the 
Cedel 
Communication 
System 
("Cedcom")), or such other method as is acceptable to the relevant Clearing 
System, of a duly completed exercise notice in the form and with the content 
prescribed by the Clearing System(s) through which the relevant 
Warrantholder exercises its Warrants (an "Exercise Notice") or such other 
form as the Issuer shall determine (copies of which form may be obtained 
from the Clearing System(s)) to the Clearing System(s), with a copy to the 
Principal Warrant Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in 
Condition  3 and this Condition  4. 
(b) 
Automatic Exercise 
All European Style Warrants will be automatically exercised on the Exercise Date if 
the Warrants are In-The-Money to the Warrantholder. 
In case of American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants, where Automatic 
Exercise is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any such American Style 
Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants that remain unexercised after the Cut-off Time 
on the Expiration Date will be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date if such 
Warrants are In-The-Money to the Warrantholder.

--- Page 316 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
316 
 
 
(c) 
Exercise Notice 
In the case of American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants or European 
Style Warrants where Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the name(s) of the Warrantholder(s) exercising the Warrants; 
(ii) 
specify the address(es) of the Warrantholder(s) exercising the Warrants; 
(iii) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants being exercised; 
(iv) 
specify the number of Warrants being exercised (which shall not be less than 
the Minimum Exercise Number); 
(v) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the Clearing System(s), 
as the case may be, from which to debit the Warrants being exercised; 
(vi) 
irrevocably instruct the Clearing System(s), as the case may be, to debit, on 
or before the Settlement Date, from the Warrantholder's account, the 
Warrants being exercised; 
(vii) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the Clearing System(s), 
to be credited with the Settlement Amount (if any) less Exercise Expenses (if 
any) for each Warrant being exercised relating to each Warrant being 
exercised or to be credited with any other cash amounts specified in the 
Conditions as being payable, or if Physical Settlement is applicable as 
specified in the Issue Terms, specify the number of the Warrantholder's 
account at the Clearing System(s), to be debited with the aggregate of the 
Strike Price for each Warrant being exercised (if applicable); 
(viii) 
include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any 
applicable depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other 
taxes or duties arising in connection with the exercise of such Warrants 
("Exercise Expenses") and an authority to the Clearing System(s), to deduct 
an amount in respect thereof from any Settlement Amount due to such 
Warrantholder and/or to debit a specified account of the Warrantholder at the 
Clearing System(s), as the case may be, in respect thereof and to pay such 
Exercise Expenses to the Issuer or as it may direct; 
(ix) 
include an undertaking to provide such various forms of certification in 
respect of selling and transfer restrictions under the securities, commodities 
and other laws of the United States of America or other jurisdictions as 
indicated and set out in the Conditions and/or, in respect of Exempt 
Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement (including that (a) Warrants are 
not being exercised by or on behalf of a U.S. person or a person within the 
United States or (b) in certain circumstances, that the Warrants are being 
exercised by a QIB)) and an authorisation for the production of such 
certification (and the Exercise Notice itself) in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings; and 
(x) 
if Physical Settlement is applicable as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, specify the name and address of the relevant Warrantholder or other 
person from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the Asset 
Amount.

--- Page 317 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
317 
 
 
(d) 
Exercise Notice — Verification of the Warrantholder 
Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Clearing System(s) shall verify that the 
person exercising the Warrants is the holder thereof according to the records of the 
Clearing System(s). Subject thereto, and by one hour after the relevant Cut-off Time 
on the same day, the Clearing System(s) will confirm by tested telex (or such other 
method as may be agreed from time to time) to the Principal Warrant Agent the 
number of Warrants being exercised and the account details, if applicable, for the 
payment of the Settlement Amount of each Warrant being exercised. The Principal 
Warrant Agent will inform the Issuer that it has received such confirmation. 
On the Settlement Date, the Clearing System(s) will debit the Warrants being 
exercised from the account of the relevant Warrantholder. If the Warrants are 
American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants, upon exercise of less than all 
the Warrants constituted by the Global W&C Security, the Principal Warrant Agent 
shall note such exercise on the Schedule to such Global W&C Security and the 
number of Warrants so constituted shall be reduced pro tanto by the cancellation of 
the Warrants so exercised. 
(e) 
Settlement 
Where the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and subject as provided in the 
Conditions, the Issuer shall, on the Settlement Date, pay or cause to be paid the 
Settlement Amount (if any) less any Exercise Expenses (if any) for each duly 
exercised Warrant. 
Where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants and subject as provided in the 
Conditions, the Issuer shall, on the Settlement Date deliver or cause to be delivered 
the Asset Amount less any Exercise Expenses (if any) for each duly exercised 
Warrant. 
(f) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper 
form, and at what time the Exercise Notice is received by the Clearing System(s), 
shall be made by the operator of the Clearing System(s) in consultation with the 
Principal Warrant Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Warrant Agents and the relevant Warrantholder. Subject as set out below, if the 
number of Warrants specified in an Exercise Notice exceeds the number of 
Warrants held, or if the Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form, or 
is not copied to the Principal Warrant Agent immediately after being delivered 
or sent to the Clearing System(s), as provided in Condition  4(a)(ii), such 
Exercise Notice shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected by the Warrantholder to the 
satisfaction of the Clearing System(s), in consultation with the Principal Warrant 
Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such 
correction was delivered to the Clearing System(s) and the Principal Warrant Agent 
or such time as the Exercise Notice is copied to the Principal Warrant Agent, as the 
case may be. 
The Clearing System(s) shall use their best efforts promptly to notify the 
Warrantholder submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with the Principal 
Warrant Agent, it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in 
proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the 
Issuer, the Warrant Agents and the Clearing System(s) shall be liable to any person 
with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder.

--- Page 318 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
318 
 
 
(g) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant 
Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified. After the delivery of such Exercise 
Notice, such exercising Warrantholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
(h) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants (whether Automatic Exercise or by Exercise Notice) is 
subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the relevant Actual 
Exercise Date or Expiration Date, as applicable, and neither the Issuer nor the 
Warrant Agents shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the 
transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such 
laws, regulations or practices. Neither the Issuer nor any Manager nor the Warrant 
Agents shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the 
Clearing System(s) in relation to the performance of their duties in relation to the 
Warrants. 
(i) 
Restrictions 
The exercise of the Warrants will be conditional upon the person exercising the 
Warrants providing to the Principal Warrant Agent, or such other person as may be 
specified, the certifications in respect of selling and transfer restrictions under the 
securities, commodities and other laws of the United States of America or other 
jurisdictions as indicated and set out in the Conditions and/or, in respect of Exempt 
Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5. 
MINIMUM AND MAXIMUM NUMBER OF WARRANTS EXERCISABLE 
(a) 
Number of Warrants Exercisable 
Subject to Condition  5(d) below, the number of American Style Warrants or 
Bermudan Style Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise 
Date must be not less than the Minimum Exercise Number and, if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, 
must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision 
shall be void and of no effect. 
(b) 
American Style Warrants 
If the Issuer determines that the number of American Style Warrants being exercised 
on any Actual Exercise Date by any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders 
(whether or not acting in concert) exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number (the 
number equal to the Maximum Exercise Number being the "Quota") as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may deem the Actual Exercise Date for the 
first Quota of such American Style Warrants, selected at the discretion of the Issuer, 
to be such day, and the deemed Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota of 
such American Style Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of the 
succeeding Exercise Business Days until all such American Style Warrants have 
been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date; provided, however, that the deemed 
Actual Exercise Date for any such American Style Warrants which would thereby fall 
after the Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date.  In any case where the 
aggregate number of American Style Warrants exercised on the same day by two or 
more Warrantholders exceeds the Quota, the order of settlement in respect of such 
American Style Warrants shall be at the sole discretion of the Issuer.

--- Page 319 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
319 
 
 
(c) 
Bermudan Style Warrants 
If the Issuer determines that the number of Bermudan Style Warrants being exercised 
on any Actual Exercise Date by any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders 
(whether or not acting in concert) exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may deem such exercise to be 
limited to an exercise of the number of Bermudan Style Warrants equal to the 
Maximum Exercise Number (the number of Bermudan Style Warrants exceeding the 
Maximum Exercise Number being deemed to remain unexercised). In any case 
where the aggregate number of Bermudan Style Warrants exercised on the same day 
by two or more Warrantholders exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number, the number 
of Bermudan Style Warrants deemed to be exercised by each of such Warrantholders 
shall be determined by the Issuer on a pro rata basis between such Warrantholders. 
(d) 
Permitted Exercise 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Warrantholder may, on any Actual Exercise Date, 
exercise any number of Warrants that does not exceed the Maximum Exercise 
Number if it exercises all Warrants remaining unexercised. On the Expiration Date, a 
Warrantholder may exercise any number of Warrants remaining unexercised. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
Payments in respect of Warrants will be made to either (a) (i) where the relevant 
Clearing System is Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the common depository 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in whose name the Global W&C Security 
is registered or (ii) otherwise, the relevant Warrantholder's account with the relevant 
Clearing System specified in the relevant Exercise Notice (if applicable) for value on 
the relevant date. Payment by the Issuer of any amount payable in respect of a 
Warrant will be subject in all cases to (i) all applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the 
Issuer or any Warrant Agent are subject and the rules and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System(s), (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code ("871(m) 
Withholding"). Any such payment to the common depository will discharge the 
Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. In addition, in determining the amount of 
871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Warrants, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as defined for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such 
payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding 
otherwise available under applicable law. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Warrant Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for 
any acts or defaults of any Clearing System in the performance of its duties in relation 
to the Warrants. 
With respect to Warrants that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of 
either an underlying U.S. security (i.e.¸ a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or 
an index that includes U.S. securities, all payments on the Warrants that reference 
such U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by 
reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per 
cent.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be 
deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect

--- Page 320 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
320 
 
 
of the relevant U.S. securities.  The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the 
holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
(b) 
Payment Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Warrant is not a Payment Day, 
Warrantholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day 
in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in 
respect of such postponed payment. 
7. 
TAXATION 
The Issuer is not liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Warrantholder shall 
pay, any tax, duty, charges, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of, or in 
connection with, the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Warrant, including, 
without limitation, the payment of any Settlement Amount. The Issuer shall have the right, but 
not the duty, to withhold or deduct from any amount payable to the Warrantholder, such 
amount as is necessary (i) for the payment of any such taxes, duties, charges, withholdings or 
other payments or (ii) for effecting reimbursement to the Issuer for any payment by it of any 
tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment referred to in this Condition  7. To the extent 
that the Settlement Amount exceeds the Issue Price, the excess represents a commercial 
rate of return in compensation for the use of the Issue Price in full recognition of the risks and 
specific features of the associated underlying assets. 
8. 
PURCHASES BY THE ISSUER 
The Issuer and any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Warrants at any price 
in the open market or by tender or private treaty. Any Warrants so purchased may be held or 
resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
9. 
WARRANT AGENTS AND CALCULATION AGENT 
(a) 
The names of the Principal Warrant Agent and the other initial Warrant Agents and 
their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Warrant Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Warrant Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any Warrant Agent acts, provided that there will at all 
times be a Principal Warrant Agent and a Warrant Agent, which may be the Principal 
Warrant Agent. 
In acting under the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement, the Warrant Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
of agency or trust with any Warrantholders. The Warrants and Certificates Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Warrant Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor Warrant Agent. 
(b) 
In relation to each issue of Warrants where there is a Calculation Agent (whether it be 
the Issuer or a third party), it acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume 
any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with the 
Warrantholders. 
10. 
DETERMINATIONS AND CALCULATIONS 
All calculations, determinations, decisions, selections, elections and opinions made by the 
Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) shall be made in its discretion in accordance with 
the Conditions, having regard in each case to any criteria stipulated therein, and shall (save in 
the case of manifest error) be made in good faith and in its sole and absolute discretion and

--- Page 321 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
321 
 
 
shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Warrant Agents and the 
Warrantholders. The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of 
its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
Save as otherwise expressly provided, in considering whether and how to exercise its 
discretion, the Issuer and Calculation Agent (or such third party) shall act in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner.  
In exercising its discretion as described above, the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third 
party) may take into account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which 
may include, in particular, any circumstances or events which have or may have a material 
impact on the hedging arrangements (as described below) entered into by the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other relevant party (each a "Relevant Party") in respect of the 
Warrants. The exercise of the Issuer or Calculation Agent's (or such third party's) discretion in 
respect of the Warrants as provided herein is necessary because certain circumstances or 
events (for example a material modification or disruption to a relevant asset(s) to which the 
Warrants are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Warrants which may 
materially affect the costs to the Relevant Party of maintaining the Warrants or any relevant 
hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the 
pricing of the Warrants. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. 
unavailability or disruption to any reference source) it may no longer be reasonably 
practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any relevant asset(s) 
to which the Warrants are linked or otherwise in connection with the Warrants to be made, 
thus making it necessary for the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) to exercise 
its discretion in such a case. 
As used in this Condition, hedging arrangements means the arrangements, if any, the 
Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts or assets to be paid or 
delivered under the Warrants as these fall due.  This may involve a Relevant Party investing 
directly in an underlying reference asset or basis.  Alternatively, a Relevant Party may make 
an indirect investment by entering into or acquiring a derivative contract referencing any 
relevant asset(s).  Such hedging arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. 
where the Relevant Party maintains arrangements for hedging the Warrants together with 
other obligations of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates).  A Relevant Party will seek to select 
hedging arrangements which are efficient for it in the context of the tax, regulatory and 
business environment in which it operates, but will do so without having regard to the 
interests of Warrantholders.  A Relevant Party may also adjust hedging arrangements from 
time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes or regulatory changes 
which affect its hedging arrangements.  For the avoidance of doubt, no Relevant Party is 
under any obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if any hedging 
arrangements are entered into, such arrangements will not confer any rights or entitlements 
on any Warrantholder and no Warrantholder will have recourse to any such hedging 
arrangements. 
The Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) will employ the methodology described in 
the Conditions to determine amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Warrants.  
When making any such determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or such third party) may in its consider any relevant 
information ("Relevant Information"), which may but is not required to include, without 
limitation, one or more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or 
information sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one 
or more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant 
rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant 
market data in the relevant market; or

--- Page 322 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
322 
 
 
(iii) 
information of the types described in  (i) or  (ii) above from internal sources (including 
any Affiliate of the Issuer or Calculation Agent) or other information of a type used by 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) in the regular course of its 
business or in connection with similar transactions. 
Whenever the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) is required to make any 
determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. Any 
delay, deferral or forbearance by the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) in the 
performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under the Warrants including, 
without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or 
binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion. 
Where specified in the Conditions, notice of any such determination (and details of the 
adjustments made or other actions taken) shall be given to Warrantholders as soon as 
practicable and pursuant to Condition  10 (provided that any failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the action taken). 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other persons makes no express or 
implied representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining 
exposure to the Warrants, (ii) the value of the Warrants at any particular time on any 
particular date, or (iii) any amounts that may become payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Warrants.  
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Warrantholders for any 
direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of 
profits) even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Calculation Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any 
holder for any errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the 
Warrants and acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
of its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of 
Warrants including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to 
any relevant asset(s).  Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may contract 
with the Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Warrants or any 
relevant asset(s) and as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its 
obligations as Calculation Agent and its and/or its Affiliates' interests in other capacities.  
Subject to all regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the Warrants shall owe any duty or responsibility to any Warrantholder to avoid any conflict or 
to act in the interests of any Warrantholder. 
11. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
All notices to Warrantholders shall be valid if delivered to the Clearing System(s), for 
communication by them to the Warrantholders. The Issuer shall also ensure that the 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations 
of any stock exchange on which the Warrants are for the time being listed, including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange if required by those rules. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the weekday following such 
delivery to the Clearing System(s) or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first such publication and, if and so long as the Warrants are 
listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Warrant Agent with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant listing authority or stock exchange.

--- Page 323 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
323 
 
 
(b) 
Any notice to be given by a Warrantholder to the Issuer may be given by such 
Warrantholder to the Principal Warrant Agent through the relevant Clearing System(s) 
in such manner as the Principal Warrant Agent and the relevant Clearing System(s) 
may approve for this purpose. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the day when delivered or if delivered after 5.00 p.m. in the place of location of the 
Issuer on an Issuer Business Day, will be deemed effective on the next following 
Issuer Business Day. The relevant Warrantholder must provide satisfactory evidence 
to the Issuer of its holding of Warrants which is expected to be in the form of 
certification from the Clearing System(s). 
12. 
MEETINGS OF WARRANTHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
(a) 
Meetings 
The Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference 
platform) of the Warrantholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Warrants and 
Certificates Agency Agreement) of a modification of these General Terms and 
Conditions or the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement. At least 21 days' 
notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and the day on which the 
meeting is to be held) specifying the date, time and place of the meeting shall be 
given to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition  11. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer or Warrantholders holding not less than 10 per cent. (by 
number) of the Warrants for the time being remaining unexercised. The quorum at a 
meeting of the Warrantholders (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution) will be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 10 per 
cent. (by number) of the Warrants for the time being remaining unexercised, or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons holding Warrants or representing 
Warrantholders, whatever the number of Warrants so held or represented. The 
quorum at a meeting of Warrantholders for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per 
cent. (by number) of the Warrants for the time being remaining unexercised or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons holding or representing not less than 10 per 
cent. (by number) of the Warrants for the time being remaining unexercised. A 
resolution will be an Extraordinary Resolution when it has been passed at a duly 
convened meeting by not less than three-fourths of the votes cast by Warrantholders 
at such meeting as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or by proxy. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Warrantholders will be binding on all the 
Warrantholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not 
they voted on the resolution, save for those Warrants remaining unexercised but for 
which an Exercise Notice shall have been received as described in Condition  4 prior 
to the date of the meeting. Warrants which have not been exercised but in respect of 
which an Exercise Notice has been received as described in Condition  4 will not 
confer the right to attend or vote at, or join in convening, or be counted in the quorum 
for, any meeting of the Warrantholders. Resolutions can be passed in writing if 
passed unanimously. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Warrantholders, modify any terms of the 
Warrants, the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement and/or the relevant W&C 
Deed of Covenant in any manner which the Issuer may deem necessary or desirable 
provided that such modification (i) does not, in the determination of the Issuer, 
adversely affect the interests of the Warrantholders in any material respect or (ii) is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature or (iii) is to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained herein and/or therein or 
to comply with mandatory provisions of law. The Issuer may modify any terms of the 
Warrants and/or the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement and/or the relevant

--- Page 324 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
324 
 
 
W&C Deed of Covenant in any other manner with the prior consent of the requisite 
majority of Warrantholders as specified in the Warrants and Certificates Agency 
Agreement. 
Notice of any such modification will be given to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition  11 but failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the 
validity of any such modification. In connection with such right of modification, the 
Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard to the consequences of the exercise of 
such right for any particular Warrantholder resulting from that Warrantholder being for 
any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory, and no Warrantholder shall be entitled to claim 
from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other 
consequence of any such modification. 
13. 
SUBSTITUTION 
(i) 
The Issuer may, at any time, without the consent of the Warrantholders, substitute for 
itself any company (the "Substitute") being any Affiliate of the Issuer or another 
company with which it consolidates, into which it merges or to which it sells, leases, 
transfers or conveys all or substantially all its property, subject to: 
(A) 
where the Substitute is an Affiliate of the Issuer, the Substitute having a long-
term unsecured debt rating equal to or higher than that of the Issuer given by 
an internationally recognised rating agency or having the benefit of a 
guarantee from the Issuer or another Affiliate of the Issuer with such a debt 
rating; 
(B) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done 
(including the obtaining of necessary consents and regulatory approvals) to 
ensure that the Warrants and the relevant W&C Deed of Covenant represent 
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute having been taken, 
fulfilled and done, and are in full force and effect;  
(C) 
the Substitute becoming party to the Warrants and Certificates Agency 
Agreement with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been 
an original party to it in place of the Issuer;  
(D) 
such substitution being permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Warrants are listed and each such stock exchange confirming that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Warrants will 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(E) 
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in 
England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Warrants; and 
(F) 
the Issuer giving at least 30 days' prior notice of the date of such substitution 
to the holders in accordance with Condition 11. 
(ii) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer shall be deemed 
to be a reference to the Substitute. 
(iii) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition  13(i), the Substitute may, without the 
consent of any holder, effect a further substitution.  All the provisions specified in 
Condition  13(i) or  13(ii) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in the 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or 
include references to any such further Substitute.

--- Page 325 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
325 
 
 
(iv) 
For so long as any Warrants are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange 
shall be notified of any such consolidation, merger or substitution and the 
requirements of such stock exchange in respect of such consolidation, merger or 
substitution shall be complied with. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Warrantholders, to 
create and issue further warrants having terms and conditions the same as the Warrants or 
the same in all respects save for the Issue Date and/or the Issue Price and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Warrants. 
15. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
to enforce any term of this Warrant, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement, the SCB W&C Deed of Covenant, 
the SCBHK W&C Deed of Covenant, the SCBSL W&C Deed of Covenant, the 
Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
Subject as provided below, the English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Warrants, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity, and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Warrants (a "Dispute") 
and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Warrantholder in relation to any Dispute, 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
For the purposes of this Condition  16(b), the Issuer hereby waives any objection to 
the English courts on the grounds that they are in an inconvenient or inappropriate 
forum to settle any Dispute. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Warrantholders may, in respect of any Dispute or 
Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with competent jurisdiction and/or (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Where the Issuer is SCBHK or SCBSL, SCBHK or SCBSL, as the case may be, 
irrevocably appoints SCB at its principal office in London at 1 Basinghall Avenue, 
London EC2V 5DD as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the 
English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of SCB at its 
principal office in London being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Dispute. SCBHK or SCBSL, as the case may be, agrees that failure by a process 
agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect 
the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 326 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
326 
 
 
(d) 
Waiver of trial by jury 
WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO CONDITION  16(b), THE ISSUER WAIVERS ANY 
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE WARRANTS.  THESE CONDITIONS MAY BE FILED 
AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A BENCH TRIAL. 
(e) 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement and the SCBHK 
W&C Deed of Covenant or the SCBSL W&C Deed of Covenant (as applicable) 
submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and, where the Issuer is SCBHK or 
SCBSL, appointed an agent for service of process in terms similar to those set out 
above. 
17. 
FAIR MARKET VALUE 
For purposes of determining any amount due on early exercise, cancellation or termination of 
the Warrants which is calculated by reference to the "fair market value" of a Warrant, the fair 
market value of a Warrant will be determined by the Calculation Agent, by reference to such 
Relevant Information (as defined in Condition  10) as it determines appropriate at the relevant 
time.  
Where the relevant Warrants provide for any minimum amount(s) of cash or assets to be 
payable or deliverable this shall be taken into account in determining the fair market value.  
However, the Calculation Agent shall reduce (i.e. discount) the value of such amounts in 
determining the fair market value to take into account the length of time remaining to the first 
possible date on which such amount(s) would otherwise have been payable or deliverable.  
Such discounting may be determined by reference to Relevant Information which may include 
risk free rate(s). 
The Calculation Agent shall also take into account appropriate values for any other amount 
which would or could otherwise have been payable or deliverable under the relevant 
Warrants.  This may include the element of the return on the Warrants determined by 
reference to the relevant assets or reference basis(es) to which the Warrants relate (i.e. the 
derivative element).  The relevant value for this element of the Warrants may be determined 
by reference to the cost at the relevant time of entering into a transaction to provide similar 
amounts. 
18. 
CORRECTIONS  
In the event that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an underlying reference 
asset for any time on any day which is published or announced by or on behalf of the person 
or entity responsible for such publication or announcement and which is used for any 
calculation or determination made in respect of the Warrants is subsequently corrected, and 
the correction (the "Corrected Level") is published by or on behalf of such person or entity 
within the relevant Correction Period after the original publication (and at least two Business 
Days prior to the relevant date on which a payment or delivery is scheduled to be made under 
the Warrants (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date")), then the Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) deem such Corrected Level to be the level, price, rate or value for the relevant 
underlying reference asset for the relevant time on the relevant day and, in such 
circumstances the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Level in determining any 
amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect of the Warrants. Corrections published after 
the day which is two Business Days prior to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining any such amounts 
payable and/or deliverable under the Warrants. 
Where "Correction Period" means the period of time specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and which may, for the avoidance of doubt, be expressed to be "at any time". If

--- Page 327 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
327 
 
 
no such period is so specified, the Correction Period shall be construed to be 2 Business 
Days. 
19. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent (or any third party) shall have any responsibility 
in respect of any error or omission or subsequent corrections made in the calculation or 
announcement of any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an underlying reference 
asset, whether caused by negligence or otherwise. 
20. 
CANCELLATION OR ADJUSTMENT FOR AN ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK EVENT 
(a) 
Administrator Benchmark Event 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option):  
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment to the Conditions as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the relevant event or 
circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or 
more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by 
reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made 
in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Warrants and (c) include 
selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the 
Conditions including where applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer 
providing such exposure to the successor benchmark(s) or apply an adjustment cost 
which may be positive or negative and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. Provided that the 
Calculation Agent has fully determined any adjustments and the related effective date 
pursuant to the above, the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Warrantholders 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
 11, 
stating 
the 
occurrence 
of 
the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and giving details thereof and the action proposed to 
be taken in relation thereto; or   
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to achieve a commercially 
reasonable result with any such adjustment or that it is unable to make such 
adjustment, having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition  11, cancel the Warrants by paying an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as representing their fair market value 
on such day as the Calculation Agent shall select. 
In determining any adjustments pursuant to (i) above, the Issuer may, without limitation, have 
regard to relevant information (as described in Condition  10 (Determinations And 
Calculations) above), industry developments and market consensus.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms 
of the Warrants.  In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply 
in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the 
Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(b) 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the Conditions pursuant to  20(a)(i) above (including the determination of 
any adjustment spread or factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent determines 
are necessary or appropriate: 
(i) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable and having regard to relevant 
information (as described in Condition  10 (Determinations And Calculations) above)),

--- Page 328 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
328 
 
 
but also taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market); 
(ii) 
(may include, where applicable and without limitation, (I) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining Benchmarks and making payments, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation 
or observation period of a Benchmark and the related payment dates and other 
administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides are appropriate, (II) the 
application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread (which may be positive or 
negative) and (III) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of 
providing exposure to the replacement or successor Benchmark(s); and 
(iii) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement 
Benchmark which, unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be 
the relevant Benchmark in relation to the then current and all future determination 
days. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of this Condition 20, the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all 
actions in respect of the Warrants as are provided for in connection with an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, notwithstanding that such Administrator/Benchmark Event 
may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Warrants. 
(c) 
Regulatory Obligations 
If the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or regulation to 
determine and calculate a replacement interest rate or make any other determination 
or adjustment in accordance with this Condition  20 (or it would be unlawful were a 
determination to be made at that time); or 
(ii) 
it would contrive contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine a 
replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in 
accordance with this Condition  20 (or it would contravene those licensing requirments 
were a determination to be made at that time); or 
(iii) 
any adjustment spread (howsoever described) is or would be a benchmark index or 
other price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would 
subject the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory 
obligations which it is unwilling to undertake,  
then the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to make the relevant determination or 
adjustment and may instead take any alternative action under the Conditions as it determines 
appropriate. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of this Condition  20, the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all 
actions in respect of the Warrants as are provided for in connection with an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, notwithstanding that such Administrator/Benchmark Event 
may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
(d) 
No duty monitor 
In relation to any relevant Benchmark and for the purposes of applying the provisions referred 
to in this Condition  20, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will have any duty to

--- Page 329 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
329 
 
 
monitor or enquire as to whether any relevant event or circumstance in respect of any such 
Benchmark has occurred to which such provisions might apply. 
(e) 
Definitions 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will 
be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or 
any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use 
the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants or (3) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in connection 
with the Warrants from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, or the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any 
applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any 
relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in 
respect of the Warrants and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed 
or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence) 
or (4) there has been a public statement or publication of information by the the administrator 
or sponsor of the relevant Benchmark, any national, regional or other supervisory or 
regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) supervising the administrator or 
sponsor of the relevant Benchmark or (b) regulating the relevant Benchmark, the central bank 
for the currency of the Benchmark or another official body with applicable responsibility 
announcing that such Benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified future date 
will no longer be representative, of any underlying market and economic reality that such 
Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored or (5) the 
relevant Benchmark is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-the-counter 
derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of standard terms or 
otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Benchmark is or will be replaced with a 
replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference 
such Benchmark. 
"Benchmark" means any figure, level, rate or value by reference to which any amount 
payable or deliverable under the Warrants, or the value of the Warrants, is determined in 
whole or in part (including, without limitation, any benchmark, as defined in the BMR), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark;  
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of or it is otherwise note 
permitted to use such Benchmark in respect of the Warrantholders or any related 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes which are derivative transactions 
referencing the relevant Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) or Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018), in each case, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 330 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
330 
 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the General Terms and Conditions that, subject to the provisions of the 
relevant Product Terms, the relevant Issue Terms and, if applicable, the additional terms set out in 
any relevant supplement to this Base Prospectus, shall be the "Conditions" applicable to the Notes. 
References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one series only, not to all Notes that may 
be issued under the Programme. Reference should be made to "Form of Final Terms of the Notes" for 
a description of the contents of the Final Terms, which will specify which of such terms are to apply in 
relation to Notes which are not Exempt Notes and reference should be made to "Form of Pricing 
Supplement of the Notes" for a description of the contents of the Pricing Supplement, which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to Notes which are Exempt Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by (i) Standard Chartered Bank 
("SCB"), acting through its principal office in London or, as the case may be, acting through the 
branch specified as being the Specified Branch in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below), (ii) 
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited ("SCBHK") or Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) 
Limited ("SCBSL"), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, pursuant to the Notes Agency 
Agreement (as defined below). References to the "Issuer" are to SCB, SCBHK or SCBSL as 
applicable, as the relevant Issuer of the Notes specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall, as the 
context may require, mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes in bearer form represented by a global Note (a "Bearer Global 
Note"), units of the Calculation Amount in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Definitive Bearer Notes" and, together with the Bearer 
Global Notes, "Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Bearer Global Note; 
(iii) 
any Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") represented by a registered certificate 
held outside any clearing systems ("Definitive Registered Note" and, together with Definitive 
Bearer Notes, "Definitive Notes") or by a permanent global registered certificate held on 
behalf of one or more clearing systems ("Global Registered Note" and, together with the 
Definitive Registered Note, "Note Certificates"); and 
(iv) 
any Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note (together, "Global Notes"). 
References herein to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of 
an amended and restated Notes Agency Agreement (such Notes Agency Agreement as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Notes Agency Agreement") dated 9 
July 2021, as supplemented by a first Supplemental Notes Agency Agreement dated 8 July, 2022 and 
made between SCB, SCBHK, SCBSL, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent and agent bank (the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent) and 
the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as foreign exchange agent (the "FX Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
foreign exchange agent) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the "Registrar", which 
expression shall include any successor registrar) and transfer agent and the other transfer agents 
named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall include 
any additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes 
which, when in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the

--- Page 331 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
331 
 
 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Bearer 
Notes repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of 
principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Notes and Global Notes do 
not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
If the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are 
set out in Part A of the final terms document (the "Final Terms") attached to or endorsed on this Note 
which completes these terms and conditions (the "General Terms and Conditions") for the purposes 
of this Note or, if the Notes are Exempt Notes, the final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) are set out in Part A of the pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") attached to or 
endorsed on this Note which may specify other terms and conditions and which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with these General Terms and Conditions, replace or modify 
these General Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the "applicable 
Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note and references to the "applicable Pricing 
Supplement" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Pricing Supplement (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. References to "applicable Product Terms" 
are to the relevant additional terms and conditions (if any) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
References herein to "Issue Terms" are either (i) where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
and should be construed accordingly. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose 
name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be 
construed as provided below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the 
Receipts and any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have 
the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, the date which interest started to accrue and 
their Issue Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant made by SCB in respect of Notes issued by SCB dated 12 July 2016 (such Deed of 
Covenant as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "SCB Notes Deed 
of Covenant"), the Deed of Covenant made by SCBHK in respect of Notes issued by SCBHK dated 
12 July 2016 (such Deed of Covenant as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "SCBHK Notes Deed of Covenant" and the Deed of Covenant made by SCBSL in respect 
of Notes issued by SCBSL dated 12 July 2018 (such Deed of Covenant as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "SCBSL Notes Deed of Covenant", and 
together with the SCB Notes Deed of Covenant and the SCBHK Notes Deed of Covenant, the "Notes 
Deeds of Covenant" and each a "Notes Deed of Covenant"). The original of each Notes Deed of 
Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as 
defined below). 
Holders of Notes that are "restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act are entitled to 
the benefit of (i) in respect of Notes issued by SCB or SCBHK, a deed poll made by SCB and SCBHK 
(the "Deed Poll") dated 3 July 2014, or (ii) in respect of Notes issued by SCBSL, a deed poll made by 
SCBSL (the "SCBSL Deed Poll") dated 12 July 2018. Copies of the applicable Issue Terms are 
obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of the Agent, the Registrar, in the case 
of Registered Notes, and the other Paying Agents, in the case of Bearer Notes and copies of the 
applicable Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be obtained from the website of the 
relevant stock exchange on which such Notes are listed. However, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
relating to Exempt Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange will only be obtainable by a

--- Page 332 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
332 
 
 
Noteholder holding one or more Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Notes Agency Agreement, the Notes Deeds of 
Covenant and the applicable Issue Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these 
General Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Notes Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Notes Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Issue 
Terms shall have the same meanings used in these General Terms and Conditions, unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated, and provided that, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Notes Agency Agreement and the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms 
will prevail. 
In these General Terms and Conditions, the following definitions shall apply: 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Asset Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Product Terms and/or applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Business Centre" means each location specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Business Day" means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Business Centre 
(other than TARGET System) specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET System is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
day on which the TARGET System is open (a "TARGET Settlement Day"); and 
(c) 
either: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if 
other than any Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively); or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day. 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as the Calculation Amount in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to (but excluding) 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"):

--- Page 333 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
333 
 
 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/360" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30 × (Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(e) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30 × (Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 334 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
334 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Yଶ−Yଵ)] + [30 × (Mଶ−Mଵ)] + (Dଶ−Dଵ)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified hereon: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where:

--- Page 335 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
335 
 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to (but excluding) the next 
Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest 
Payment Date; and 
(iii) 
if "1/1" is specified hereon, 1. 
In the case of Range Accrual Notes, the Day Count Fraction shall be adjusted by the Accrual 
Rate. 
"Delivery Expenses" means all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the delivery of the 
Asset Amount, including, without limitation, any such costs, taxes, duties or expenses payable 
by the transferor and transferee of the Asset Amount. 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes. 
"Early Redemption Amount" shall as be described in Condition  6(e) below. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Calculation Amount, the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and subject as provided in any relevant Product 
Terms.  
"Financial Centre" means each location specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Valuation Date, (i) the FX Rate for such FX Valuation 
Date specified in the relevant Product Terms or (ii) otherwise, the Payment 
Currency/Denomination Currency exchange rate (expressed as the number of units of the 
Denomination Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Payment Currency can be 
exchanged) determined by the Calculation Agent at such time on such FX Valuation Date by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
"FX Valuation Date" means, in relation to the relevant payment and as set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the date or dates, as the case may be, specified in relation to such 
payment in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"HIBOR" means the Hong Kong interbank offered rate. 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Period Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes are redeemed early other than on a scheduled date for 
redemption. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Investor Put" shall be as described in Condition  6(d) below and in any applicable Product 
Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives

--- Page 336 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
336 
 
 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, ("ISDA"), as amended or supplemented as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "2006 Definitions"), or (ii) if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the "2021 Definitions"), provided in each case that if and to the extent 
the Calculation Agent determines this is appropriate by reference to the hedging 
arrangements for the relevant series of Notes, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor 
definitional booklet to or version of the 2006 Definitions or 2021 Definitions as applicable, 
each as supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives, all as determined as of 
the date of the relevant determination under the Conditions and the Calculation Agent may 
make such conforming changes to the Conditions as are necessary or appropriate to reflect 
the terms of the relevant successor definitional booklet or version. 
"Issue Date" means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Issuer Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place of 
location of the Issuer. 
"Issuer Call" shall be as described in Condition  6(c) below. 
"LIBOR" means the London interbank offered rate. 
"Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note which has a fixed redemption amount which is not 
conditional on any contingency specified in the Conditions (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon, provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
"London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Maturity Date" shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Calculation Amount and an Optional 
Redemption Date and subject as provided in any relevant Product Terms, the amount 
specified for such Optional Redemption Date in the applicable Issue Terms.  If an Optional 
Redemption Price is specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such Optional Redemption 
Date, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined as the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by such Optional Redemption Price.   
"Payment Day" means any day which is: 
(a) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
the relevant place of presentation, in relation to Definitive Notes only; 
(ii) 
any Financial Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms; and 
(iii) 
if TARGET System is specified as a Financial Centre in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a day on which TARGET System is open;

--- Page 337 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
337 
 
 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation (in relation to Definitive 
Registered Notes only) or any Financial Centre and which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET System is open; and 
(c) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) has not elected to receive any part of such payment in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not 
authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
"Regulation S Definitive Registered Note" means a Definitive Registered Note representing 
Regulation S Notes and bearing the Regulation S Legend. 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Regulation S 
Notes. 
"Regulation S Legend" means the legend setting forth restrictions on the transfer of 
Regulation S Notes. 
"Regulation S Notes" means Registered Notes issued by the relevant Issuer outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having 
been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition  16. 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
"Rule 144A Definitive Registered Note" means a Definitive Registered Note representing 
Rule 144A Notes and bearing the Rule 144A Legend. 
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Rule 144A Notes. 
"Rule 144A Legend" means a legend setting forth restrictions on the transfer of Rule 144A 
Notes. 
"Rule 144A Notes" means Registered Notes issued by the relevant Issuer and offered and 
sold within the United States only to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A) 
pursuant to Rule 144A. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"SIBOR" means the Singapore interbank offered rate. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as the "Specified Currency" in the 
applicable Issue Terms, provided that, if the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms

--- Page 338 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
338 
 
 
to be Alternate Currency Notes, the Specified Currency in respect of the Notes shall be the 
"Denomination Currency" as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the Specified 
Currency in respect of payments in respect of the Notes shall be the "Payment Currency" as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) system which was launched on 19 November 2007 
or any successor thereto. 
"Tax Event" means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction, or any change in application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which results in any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges of any nature 
whatsoever being imposed on payments in respect of the Notes. 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means (i) (where SCB is the Issuer) the United Kingdom or, where a 
Specified Branch is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, both the United Kingdom and the 
jurisdiction in which such Specified Branch is located and, in either case, any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, (ii) (where SCBHK is the Issuer) Hong Kong and any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax and (iii) (where SCBSL is the Issuer) Singapore and 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
1 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are either in bearer form or in registered form, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Where specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Notes will trade and settle on a per Unit basis. Bearer Notes 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
Where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, non-interest bearing Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Equity Linked 
Notes, Market Access Product Notes or any combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. Where the Notes are Exempt 
Notes, the Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, non-
interest bearing Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Currency Linked 
Notes, Equity Linked Notes, Market Access Product Notes, Index Linked Notes or any other 
type of Notes (including Structured Rate Notes) that may be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the Notes may redeem at a fixed amount or may be 
Credit Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes or Market Access Product Notes depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. Where the Notes are 
Exempt Notes, the Notes may redeem at a fixed amount, may be Equity Linked Notes, 
Instalment Notes or any other type of Notes that may be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons and, if applicable, 
Receipts attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes or non-interest bearing Notes, in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these General Terms and 
Conditions are not applicable. Exempt Notes repayable in instalments ("Instalment Notes") 
which are in definitive form are issued with one or more Receipts attached.

--- Page 339 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
339 
 
 
Registered Notes are represented by Note Certificates and, save as provided in 
Condition  2(c), each Note Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by 
the same holder. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by 
delivery and title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in 
accordance with the provisions of the Notes Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Registrar 
and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership 
or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the 
case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Bearer Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Bearer Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Bearer Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Bearer Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on such nominal amount of such Bearer Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant Bearer Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Registrar and any Paying 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to 
the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner 
or holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be 
considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global 
Note for all purposes under the Notes Agency Agreement and the Notes, except to the extent 
that, in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures, any ownership rights may be 
exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any other clearing system, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other 
participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting 
on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial 
interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for an interest in Definitive 
Registered Notes or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in 
the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Issue Terms and only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with 
the terms and conditions specified in the Notes Agency Agreement. Transfers of a

--- Page 340 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
340 
 
 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited 
to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another 
nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of interests in Definitive Registered Notes 
Subject as provided in paragraphs  (e),  (g) and  (h) below, upon the terms and subject 
to the conditions set forth in the Notes Agency Agreement, Registered Notes 
represented by a Definitive Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in 
the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Issue Terms). In order to effect 
any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Definitive 
Registered Note for registration of the transfer of all or part of the Registered Notes 
represented by it at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with 
the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or 
their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit 
such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, 
the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents 
of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be 
subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time 
to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 10 (Register 
and Transfer of Registered Notes) to the Notes Agency Agreement). Subject as 
provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent 
will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are 
open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period 
as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), 
authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee, or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to 
such address as the transferee may request, a new Definitive Registered Note 
representing the aggregate nominal amount of the Registered Notes transferred. In 
the case of the transfer of only some of the Registered Notes represented by a 
Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in respect of the balance 
of the Registered Notes not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at 
the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
(c) 
Exercise of options or partial redemption in respect of Definitive Registered 
Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a 
partial redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a Definitive 
Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note shall be issued to the holder to 
reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not 
redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes 
of the same holding having different terms, separate Definitive Registered Notes shall 
be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New 
Definitive Registered Notes shall only be issued against surrender of the existing 
Definitive Registered Notes to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a 
transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, 
a new Definitive Registered Note representing the enlarged holding shall only be 
issued against surrender of the Definitive Registered Note representing the existing 
holding. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of 
delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require 
the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental 
charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.

--- Page 341 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
341 
 
 
(e) 
Delivery of new Definitive Registered Notes 
Each new Definitive Registered Note to be issued pursuant to Conditions  2(b) or  (c) 
shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of 
transfer or Put Notice (as defined in Condition  6(d)) and surrender of the Definitive 
Registered Note for exchange. Delivery of the new Definitive Registered Note(s) shall 
be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case 
may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Put Notice or 
Definitive Registered Note shall have been made or, at the option of the holder 
making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the form of 
transfer, Put Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of 
the holder entitled to the new Definitive Registered Note to such address as may be 
so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) the costs of such other method 
of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition  2(e), "business 
day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for 
business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the 
Registrar (as the case may be). 
(f) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of 
any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days 
before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its 
option pursuant to Condition  6(c), (iii) after any such Note has been called for 
redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any 
Record Date. 
(g) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the 
holder of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Note to a transferee in the 
United States or who is a U.S. person will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form 
set out in the Notes Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a 
"Transfer Certificate"), copies of which are available from the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note 
or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a 
person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities 
Act or to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB or 
pursuant to another exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act, subject to receipt by the Registrar of such satisfactory 
evidence as the Registrar may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of 
the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of  (i) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Rule 144A 
Global Note or Rule 144A Definitive Registered Notes. After expiry of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period (A) beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a 
participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (B) such certification

--- Page 342 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
342 
 
 
requirements will no longer apply to such transfers of beneficial interests in 
Regulation S Notes. 
(h) 
Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Notes 
Transfers of Rule 144A Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S 
Global Note, upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer 
Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in 
accordance with Regulation S and that, in the case of a Rule 144A Global 
Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, if such transfer is being 
made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the 
interests in the Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Rule 144A Note 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is 
a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without 
certification; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities 
Act or to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB or 
pursuant to another exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act, subject to receipt by the Registrar of such satisfactory 
evidence as the Registrar may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of 
the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Note Certificates representing Rule 
144A Notes, or upon specific request for removal of the Rule 144A Legend, the 
Registrar shall deliver only Note Certificates bearing the Rule 144A Legend or refuse 
to remove the Rule 144A Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to 
the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, 
which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Rule 144A Legend nor 
the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with 
the provisions of the Securities Act. 
3 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any related Receipts and Coupons are direct and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them 
shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, at all times rank 
at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present 
and future. 
4 
INTEREST 
(a) 
General 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note or a Note for which the Interest 
Basis is specified as "Non-interest bearing" in the applicable Issue Terms) 
bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the

--- Page 343 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
343 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrears on 
the dates specified as Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in the applicable 
Issue Terms (each such date an "Interest Payment Date"). 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. The amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition  4(b)(iii). 
If any date that is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (A) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day in the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment; 
(II) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; 
(III) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
or 
(IV) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
If "No Adjustment" or "unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in respect of any date, then if that date falls on a day which is not a Business 
Day, no adjustment will be made to that date. 
(ii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition  4(b)(i) below is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition  4(b)(i) below is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(iii) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions 
The provisions of Condition  4(b) below are subject to the provisions of 
Condition  22 in the event of the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event. For the purposes hereof and of the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Provisions and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions:

--- Page 344 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
344 
 
 
"Benchmark" will include, without limitation, any interest rate (howsoever 
described in the Conditions and as amended from time to time pursuant to 
the provisions of the Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions), including, 
without limitation, any floating rate determined by reference to (a) Screen 
Rate Determination, (b) ISDA Determination, (d) Compounded Rate 
Determination, (e) CMS Rate Determination or (f) Indexed Rate 
Determination and, in each case will, where appropriate and without 
limitation, include any related component or rate or underlying rate (including, 
for the purposes of the 2021 Definitions any Underlying Benchmark, as 
defined therein), tenor or index rate. Where more than one Benchmark is 
applicable in respect of the Notes, "Benchmark" shall be construed to refer to 
each such Benchmark. Where a Benchmark applies in respect of any 
relevant period or day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
"Benchmark" shall be construed to refer to such Benchmark in respect of the 
relevant period or day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes (including Fixed Rate 
Notes and Floating Rate Notes that are Range Accrual Notes)  
(i) 
Rate of Interest 
(I) 
Fixed Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Fixed Rate Notes 
will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If the Fixed Rate Notes are 
expressed to be Range Accrual Notes in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
applicable Accrual Rate for an Interest Period shall be applied to the Day 
Count Fraction in determining the amount of interest due for such Interest 
Period as further detailed in Condition  4(b)(iii) below. 
If specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date in respect of its related Interest Period will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
(II) 
Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. If the Floating Rate Notes are expressed to be Range Accrual Notes 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the applicable Accrual Rate for an 
Interest Period shall be applied to the Day Count Fraction in determining the 
amount of interest due for such Interest Period as further detailed in 
Condition  4(b)(iii) below.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period is a negative number, it shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(1) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
ISDA Rate 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Multiplier (if

--- Page 345 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
345 
 
 
any), plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any), PROVIDED THAT if "Minimum ISDA Rate" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the ISDA Rate shall be 
subject to such minimum.  
For the purposes of this paragraph  (1), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate (as determined by the Agent, or, if specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent or other entity so 
specified, each an "Interest Determination Agent") equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Interest Determination 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction (a "Swap 
Transaction" or a "Transaction") if the Interest Determination Agent 
were acting as "Calculation Agent" (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions, the "ISDA Calculation Agent") for that Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions, and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
the compounding/averaging methodology, if applicable, is as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(iii) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(iv) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, 
provided that, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
determination of the Rate of Interest in accordance with the ISDA 
Definitions read with the above provisions and prior to the application 
of (i) where the 2006 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, any provisions relating to an index cessation event 
(howsoever described) or other permanent cessation fallback 
provisions in the 2006 Definitions (including where applicable such 
fallbacks set out in any supplement to the 2006 Definitions) or (ii) 
where the 2021 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, any provisions relating to permanent cessation or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 Definitions (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt any Discontinued Rates Maturities 
provisions), then, subject as provided in these Notes Conditions, the 
ISDA Rate for such Interest Period shall be such rate as is 
determined by the Calculation Agent having regard to comparable 
benchmarks then available, the adjustment made in relation to any 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes, relevant information 
(as described in Condition  12 (Determinations and Calculations) 
below), industry developments and market consensus in any related 
market (including without limitation the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this paragraph  (1) terms used for the purposes of 
determining the relevant ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA 
Definitions shall have the meanings given to those terms in the 
relevant ISDA Definitions and the date on which any ISDA Rate is to 
be determined shall an "Interest Determination Date". 
(i) 
References in the case of 2006 Definitions to:

--- Page 346 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
346 
 
 
- 
numbers, financial centres or other items specified in 
the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to be 
references to the numbers, financial centres or other 
items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
- 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the date specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
- 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be 
references to an Interest Period Date; 
- 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Day Count 
Fraction; 
- 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references 
to an Interest Payment Date; and 
- 
the "Termination Date shall be to the date specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
References in the case of the 2021 Definitions to: 
- 
numbers, financial centres or other items specified in 
the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to be 
references to the numbers, financial centres or other 
items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
- 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the date specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
- 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be 
references to an Interest Period Date, PROVIDED 
THAT 
where 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
applicable to the relevant Interest Period Date is 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" and "Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday" is specified to be applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms and that Interest Period 
Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday, 
that date will instead fall on the first following day 
that is a Business Day; 
- 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Day Count 
Fraction; 
- 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references 
to an Interest Payment Date, PROVIDED THAT 
where the Business Day Convention applicable to 
the relevant Interest Period Date is "Modified 
Following Business Day Convention" or "Preceding 
Business Day Convention" and that Interest Payment 
Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday,

--- Page 347 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
347 
 
 
that date will instead fall on the first following day 
that is a Business Day and, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where any 
other payment date (a "Related Payment Date") is 
scheduled to fall on the same day, that Related 
Payment Date shall also be adjusted accordingly, all 
subject as provided in Condition  5 (Payments); and 
- 
the "Termination Date" shall be to the date specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ISDA Definitions:  
(i) 
the provisions of Condition  12 (Determinations and 
Calculations) shall apply in relation to determinations made 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this sub-paragraph and 
any such provision in the relevant ISDA Definitions shall be 
disregarded. In addition, all calculations and determinations 
made in respect of the Notes by the Calculation Agent under 
the Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest error) be 
final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
Noteholders; 
(ii) 
any requirement under the ISDA Definitions for the ISDA 
Calculation Agent: (i) to give notice of a determination made 
by it to any other party will be deemed to be a requirement 
for Calculation Agent to provide an equivalent notice to the 
Issuer; and (ii) to consult with the other party or the parties 
will be deemed to be a requirement for the Calculation Agent 
to consult with the Issuer. Any such notice or consultation 
may be given or carried out orally or in writing (including by 
electronic mail or communications). In addition the right of 
any party under the ISDA Definitions to require the ISDA 
Calculation Agent to take any action or fulfil any responsibility 
will be deemed to be solely the right of the Issuer to require 
this of the Calculation Agent in its discretion and no 
Noteholder will have any right to require the Issuer to do this 
or to direct the Calculation Agent in this regard; 
(iii) 
where the ISDA Definitions require agreement between the 
parties to the relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed 
to have been unable to reach agreement and the fallback 
applicable in such circumstances will be deemed to apply; 
(iv) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any 
Fixing Day or other day on which an ISDA Rate is 
determined under the ISDA Definitions is less than two 
Business Days prior to the relevant date originally scheduled 
for payment, the Calculation Agent may determine that such 
date for payment and/or any Related Payment Date be 
delayed to a date falling not more than two Business Days 
after the relevant Fixing Day or relevant other day and 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any 
other payment in respect of such delay;  
(v) 
in respect of the 2021 Definitions only, in the event that the 
Correction Time Period applicable to an ISDA Rate ends 
later than two Business Days prior to the relevant date for 
payment, any corrections published after the second

--- Page 348 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
348 
 
 
Business Day prior to the relevant date for payment may be 
disregarded for the purposes of determining the relevant 
ISDA Rate; and 
(vi) 
in respect of the 2021 Definitions only, if the Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 Definitions), the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" 
shall be deemed replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate" where "Adjusted Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of 
a relevant rate applies pursuant to the ISDA Definitions or an interest 
rate Swap Transaction thereunder then, in relation thereto, the 
Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to (i) if it would not 
otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA Rate in 
accordance with the above provisions, take into account any such 
any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement 
(including by reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant 
Notes in determining of the relevant ISDA Rate and (ii) make any 
related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise 
provided for in this Condition (including without limitation any 
technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to the 
definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining 
rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition 
of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no appropriate 
market practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation 
Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
(B) 
Linear Interpolation 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 Definitions 
Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. If such provisions apply, the provisions of Condition 4(b)(i)(III) 
shall not apply to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
(2) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
Screen Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period will 
be the Screen Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by the 
Multiplier (if any), plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Issue 
Terms) 
the 
Margin 
(if 
any). 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
subparagraph  (2), the "Screen Rate" for any Interest Determination 
Date will, subject as provided below, be:

--- Page 349 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
349 
 
 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations; or 
(iii) 
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Interest 
Determination Agent.  
Where the Screen Rate is determined in accordance with  (ii) above, 
if five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Interest Determination Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If (w) the Relevant Screen Page is not available or (x) in the case 
of  (i) above, no such offered quotation appears or (y) in the case 
of  (ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph or (z) 
in the case of (iii) above, the Reference Rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page and/or the Reference Rate is not provided or 
published by the relevant administrator and/or a relevant authorised 
distributor or a component of the Reference Rate is  not provided or 
published, in each case, as at the Specified Time, the Screen Rate 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it 
deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For the 
avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Calculation Agent may 
determine the relevant Screen Rate by reference to one of the 
following: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity 
(where applicable) published on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date on a different screen page by another 
authorised distributor of the relevant rate; 
(ii) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of 
the Reference Rate or the supervisor or competent authority 
(or a committee endorsed or convened by any such entity) 
responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or the 
administrator thereof; or 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity 
(where applicable) last provided or published by the relevant 
administrator; or 
(iv) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference 
banks selected by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent on

--- Page 350 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
350 
 
 
a date determined by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
for a representative amount (and, where relevant with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market) and, 
if applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, 
calculated in the manner determined by the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent.  
In the event that the Screen Rate is subsequently corrected, and the 
correction (the "Corrected Rate") is published after the original 
publication but no later than the longer of (a) one hour after such 
original publication and (b) any other period for corrections specified 
by a relevant administrator in its methodology for the relevant 
Reference Rate, then PROVIDED THAT such Corrected Rate is 
published on or prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to 
the date on which a related payment is scheduled to be made under 
the Notes (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date"), then such 
Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Screen Rate and 
the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Rate in determining 
any relevant amount payable in respect of the Notes. Any corrections 
published after the second Business Day prior to the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Screen Rate.  
In respect of Exempt Notes, if a Reference Rate from time to time in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes determined in accordance with 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, HIBOR or 
SIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes may 
alternatively be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
(3) 
Compounded Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Compounded Rate Determination is specified for a Floating 
Rate Note in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Compounded Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by the 
Multiplier (if any), plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any), as calculated by the Interest 
Determination Agent: 
For the purposes of this subparagraph  (3), "Compounded Rate" for 
the relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
Compounded Reference Rate specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated 
by the Interest Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (e.g., 
9.876541% (or 0.09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654% (or 
0.0987654) and 9.876545% (or 0.09876545) being rounded up to 
9.87655% (or 0.0987655); and -9.876541% (or -0.09876541) being 
rounded up to -9.87654% (or -0.0987654) and -9.876545% (or -
0.09876545) being rounded down to -9.87655% (or -0.0987655)): 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܥ݋݉݌݋ݑ݊݀݁݀ ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܴܽݐ݁஺× ݊௜
ܦܽݕ ܥ݋ݑ݊ݐ ܤܽݏ݅ݏ
 ൰
ௗ೚
௜ ୀ ଵ
−1቏× ܦܽݕ ܥ݋ݑ݊ݐ ܤܽݏ݅ݏ
݀

--- Page 351 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
351 
 
 
where: 
"Applicable Business Day" means: 
(i) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "SONIA" is specified as 
the Compounded Reference Rate, a London Business Day; 
(ii) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "SOFR" is specified as 
the Compounded Reference Rate, a U.S. Government 
Securites Business Day; 
(iii) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "€STR" is specified as 
the Compounded Reference Rate, a TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
(iv) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "SORA" is specified as 
the the Compounded Reference Rate, a Singapore Business 
Day; and 
(v) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "TONA" is specified as 
the Compounded Reference Rate, a Tokyo Business Day; 
"Compounded Rate Observation Period" means in respect of each 
Interest Period, the period from and including the date falling p 
Applicable Business Days preceding the first calendar day in such 
Interest Period to but excluding the date p Applicable Business Days 
preceding the day on which such Interest Period ends but which by 
its definition is excluded from the Interest Period;  
"Compounded Reference Rate" means: 
(i) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "SONIA" is specified as 
the Compounded Reference Rate, in respect of any London 
Business Day, a reference rate equal to the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate administered by the Bank of 
England (or any successor administrator) and published as 
of the relevant Fixing Time on the relevant Fixing Day (each 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) ("SONIA"); 
(ii) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "SOFR" is specified as 
the Compounded Reference Rate, in respect of any U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day 
("USBDx"), 
a 
reference rate equal to the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or any successor administrator) and published as of the 
relevant Fixing Time on the relevant Fixing Day (each as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) ("SOFR"); 
(iii) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "€STR" is specified as 
the Compounded Reference Rate, in respect of any 
TARGET Settlement Day, a reference rate equal to the euro 
short term rate ("€STR") administered by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator)  and published 
as of the relevant Fixing Time on the relevant Fixing Day 
(each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms);  
(iv) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "SORA" is specified as 
the Compounded Reference Rate, in respect of any 
Singapore Business Day, a reference rate equal to the

--- Page 352 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
352 
 
 
Singapore Overnight Rate Average ("SORA") administered 
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (or any successor 
administrator) and published as of the relevant Fixing Time 
on the relevant Fixing Day (each as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms); or 
(v) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "TONA" is specified as 
the Compounded Reference Rate, in respect of any Tokyo 
Business Day, a reference rate equal to the Tokyo Overnight 
Average Rate ("TONA") administered by the Bank of Japan 
(or any successor administrator) and published as of the 
relevant Fixing Time on the relevant Fixing Day (each as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), 
provided that if the Compounded Reference Rate is not 
provided or published by the relevant administrator and/or a 
relevant authorised distributor or is unavailable or otherwise 
cannot be determined, the Compounded Reference Rate 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to 
such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt 
and without limitation, the Calculation Agent may determine 
the relevant Compounded Reference Rate by reference to 
one of the following: 
(x) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the 
administrator of the Compounded Reference Rate or 
the supervisor or competent authority (or a 
committee endorsed or convened by any such entity) 
responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or 
the administrator thereof; or 
(y) 
the Compounded Reference Rate last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator; or 
(z) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by 
reference banks selected by the Calculation Agent 
on a date determined by the Calculation Agent for a 
representative amount (and, where relevant with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market) and, if applicable, for a term equal to the 
designated maturity, calculated in the manner 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Compounded Reference RateA" means:  
(a) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "Lookback" is specified 
as the RFR Observation Method, (save as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any day i in the Interest 
Period, the Compounded Reference Rate (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) for the Applicable Business Day 
falling p Applicable Business Days prior to such day except if 
i = 1 and day “i” is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is 
the day p + 1 Applicable Business Days preceding day “i”; or 
(b) 
where in the applicable Issue Terms "Observation Period 
Shift" is specified as the RFR Observation Method, (save as

--- Page 353 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
353 
 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Compounded 
Reference Ratei, where Compounded Reference Ratei is, in 
respect of any Applicable Business Dayi falling in the 
relevant 
Compounded 
Rate 
Observation 
Period, 
the 
Compounded Reference Rate (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) for such Applicable Business Day,  
provided in each case that if “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
such rate will instead be either (I) the greater of the rate determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) or (b) above, as applicable, and the 
Daily Floored Rate specified (if any) (but in any case not higher than 
the Daily Capped Rate specified (if any)); or (II) the lower of the rate 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) or (b) above, as 
applicable, and the Daily Capped Rate specified (if any) (but in any 
case not lower than the Daily Floored Rate specified (if any)), as 
applicable; 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable 
Issue Terms "Lookback" is specified as the RFR Observation 
Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Issue 
Terms "Observation Period Shift" is specified as the RFR 
Observation Method) the relevant Compounded Rate Observation 
Period; 
"do" means (i) (where in the applicable Issue Terms "Lookback" is 
specified as the RFR Observation Method) for any Interest Period, 
the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period or if the first calendar day of the Interest Period is not an 
Applicable Business Day, then it is the number of Applicable 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period plus 1;or (ii) (where in 
the applicable Issue Terms "Observation Period Shift" is specified as 
the RFR Observation Method) for any Compounded Rate 
Observation Period, the number of Applicable Business Days in the 
relevant Compounded Rate Observation Period; 
"Day Count Basis" means, where in the applicable Issue Terms 
"SONIA", "SORA" or "TONA" is specified as the Compounded 
Reference Rate, 365 or, where in the applicable Issue Terms "SOFR" 
or "€STR" is specified as the Compounded Reference Rate, 360; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers and (i) where in the applicable 
Issue Terms “Lookback” is specified as the RFR Observation 
Method, (a) if the first calendar day in the Interest Period is an 
Applicable Business Day, such series of whole numbers represents 
the relevant Applicable Business Days in chronological order from, 
and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the Interest 
Period; or (b) if the first calendar day of the Interest Period is not an 
Applicable Business Day, i = 1 represents the first calendar day of 
the Interest Period, and each of i = 2 to d0 represents the relevant 
Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Applicable Business Day in the Interest Period; or (ii) where 
in the applicable Issue Terms “Observation Period Shift” is specified 
as the RFR Observation Method, such series of whole numbers 
represents the relevant Applicable Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the 
Compounded Rate Observation Period; 
"London Business Day" or "LBD" means a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for

--- Page 354 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
354 
 
 
general business (including settling payments and dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Lookback/Shift Factor" means the number of Applicable Business 
Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"ni", for any day i, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such day i up to but excluding the following Applicable 
Business Day or, if earlier, the last day of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
"p" means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
number of Applicable Business Days included in the Lookback/Shift 
Factor specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Singapore Business Day" or "SBD" means a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business (including settling payments and dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Singapore;" 
"TARGET Settlement Day" or "TBD" means a day on which 
TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer system) (or any successor transfer 
system) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro; 
"Tokyo Business Day" or "TOBD" means a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business (including settling payments and dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means 
any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which The 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or a 
successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(4) 
Indexed Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination 
Where Indexed Rate Determination is specified for a Floating Rate 
Note in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Reference Rate is Compounded 
Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be 
calculated by reference to the screen rate or index administered by 
the administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or 
other information service from time to time at the relevant time on the 
relevant determination dates specified below, as further specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and 
the following formula. For the avoidance of doubt, such Rate of 
Interest will be multiplied by the Multiplier (if any), plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any), as 
calculated by the Interest Determination Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate =

--- Page 355 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
355 
 
 
൬ ܱܵܰܫܣ ܫ݊݀݁ݔா௡ௗ
ܱܵܰܫܣ ܫ݊݀݁ݔௌ௧௔௥௧
 −1 ൰ ݔ 365
݀ 
Where: 
"SONIA IndexStart" denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded 
Index is the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the 
day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
"SONIA IndexEnd " denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded 
Index is the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the 
day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the 
day on which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which by its 
definition is excluded from the Interest Period); 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in 
relation to which SONIA Index Start is determined to (but excluding) 
the day in relation to which SONIA Index End is determined;  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other 
than a Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(B) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
Where Indexed Rate Determination is specified for a Floating Rate 
Note in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Reference Rate is Compounded 
Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be 
calculated by reference to the following formula and based on the 
SOFR Index (as defined below), as further specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point e.g., 9.876541% (or .09876541) being rounded down to 
9.87654% (or .0987654) and 9.876545% (or .09876545) being 
rounded up to 9.87655% (or .0987655). For the avoidance of doubt, 
such Rate of Interest will be multiplied by the Multiplier (if any), plus 
or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
൬ܱܵܨܴ ܫ݊݀݁ݔா௡ௗ
ܱܵܨܴ ܫ݊݀݁ݔௌ௧௔௥௧
 −1൰× ൬360
݀௖
൰ 
where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period;

--- Page 356 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
356 
 
 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such index (or 
any successor administrator of such index) as such index appears on 
the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website 
of any successor administrator for the publication of such index at 
3:00 pm New York City time; and 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in 
relation to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means 
any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(5) 
CMS Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where CMS Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be determined by reference to either the relevant CMS Rate 
or the CMS Spread Rate, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
determined as specified below, in each case, multiplied by the 
Multiplier (if any), plus or minus the Margin (if any).  
For the purposes of this paragraph  (5):  
"CMS Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a rate 
determined by the Agent or, if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Calculation Agent or other entity so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each an "Interest Determination Agent") 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The applicable Issue 
Terms will specify whether the CMS Rate is (i) a Screen Rate 
determined in accordance with the Screen Rate Determination or (ii) 
an ISDA Rate determined in accordance with the ISDA 
Determination 
provisions, 
in 
each 
case, 
as 
set 
out 
in 
Condition  4(b)(i)(II) above. Depending on which one of (i) or (ii) 
above is specified in relation to such CMS Rate, the applicable Issue 
Terms will specify all of the relevant terms for such CMS Rate, in 
each case in accordance with the relevant provisions for determining 
the Rate of Interest for a Floating Rate Note under ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination (as described in 
Condition  4(b)(i)(II). 
"CMS Spread Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent equal to CMS 
Spread Rate 1 minus CMS Spread Rate 2. Each of CMS Spread 
Rate 1 and CMS Spread Rate 2 shall be a CMS Rate and shall be 
determined as specified in the definition thereof. 
(III) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Issue Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Interest Determination Agent by straight line

--- Page 357 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
357 
 
 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided that, if there is 
no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
longer, then the Interest Determination Agent shall determine such rate at 
such time and reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(IV) 
Structured Rate Notes 
If, in respect of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies 
that the Notes are Structured Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest payable from 
time to time in respect of such Notes will be determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, if the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period is a negative number, it shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period is 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will notify the 
Agent of such Rate of Interest as soon as practicable after calculating the 
same. 
(iii) 
Calculation of Interest Amounts 
Unless the applicable Issue Terms specifies that either a Fixed Coupon 
Amount or a Broken Amount shall be payable on an Interest Payment Date 
and subject as provided in the applicable Product Terms, the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, will calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note or a 
Definitive Registered Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note or such 
Registered Notes (as applicable); or  
(ii) 
in the case of Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes, the 
Calculation Amount 
and, in each case multiplying such amount by (i) the applicable Day Count 
Fraction and, (ii) where the Notes are Range Accrual Notes also the relevant 
Accrual Rate.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note

--- Page 358 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
358 
 
 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
If the Interest Amount payable on the Notes per Calculation Amount for the 
relevant Interest Period or other applicable period is determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of such Interest 
Amount as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
(iv) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts for Floating Rate Notes 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, will 
cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition  16 as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are 
for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition  16. 
(v) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this Condition  4, whether by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(vi) 
Payments in respect of interest on early redemption 
In circumstances where an Early Redemption Amount becomes payable in 
respect of any interest bearing Notes in accordance with the Conditions on a 
date other than an Interest Period Date and (i) separate amounts in respect 
of accrued interest are specified to be payable on early redemption and/or (ii) 
any Early Redemption Amount does not include amounts in respect of 
accrued interest, the Issuer shall pay, in lieu of any such separate amounts of 
interest, an amount on account of the unpaid interest element of the Notes 
being early redeemed (the "Early Redemption Interest Amount") in addition 
to the relevant Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Interest 
Amount shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
where the Rate of Interest and/or Interest Amount applicable to the 
Interest Payment Date falling immediately after the date of early 
redemption can be determined prior to the relevant date of early 
redemption, the Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be 
calculated as the amount of accrued but unpaid interest payable in 
respect of each Calculation Amount determined on the basis of the

--- Page 359 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
359 
 
 
Conditions, adjusted only so that the due date for early redemption is 
deemed to be the final Interest Payment Date, and applying the Day 
Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or otherwise 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, taking into account 
the period elapsed since the previous Interest Period Date or (if 
none) the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in all other cases, the Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be 
calculated as an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
reflecting the fair market value of the unpaid interest element of the 
relevant Calculation Amount (if any) less (except in the case of any 
early redemption pursuant to Condition  9 (Events of Default)) the 
proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in 
respect of the Notes and, for the purposes of determining the fair 
market value of such Calculation Amount for the purposes of 
Condition  9, no account shall be taken of the financial condition of 
the Issuer which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its 
obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no such Early Redemption Interest Amount 
which is contingent upon any event shall be payable in respect of the Notes, 
unless all the relevant events have been satisfied. 
(vii) 
Amendments by a relevant administrator 
In the event that the administrator of a relevant Benchmark amends the 
methodology of such Benchmark (including, without limitation, amendments 
to the time of publication of the relevant rate), the Calculation Agent may but 
shall not be required to make any related or consequential changes to the 
Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition (including, without 
limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest 
and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that 
the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no appropriate market 
practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is 
reasonably necessary). 
(c) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of 
such Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date of its redemption unless 
payment of principal and/or delivery of all assets deliverable is improperly withheld or 
refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid 
and/or all assets deliverable in respect of such Note have been delivered; 
and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of such Note has been received by the Agent, in the case of Bearer 
Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes, and/or all assets in 
respect of such Note have been received by any agent appointed by the 
Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  16.

--- Page 360 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
360 
 
 
(d) 
References to interest 
References to interest (or other amounts payable in excess of the amount subscribed 
for Notes) in these General Terms and Conditions are to payments by the Issuer of 
amounts for the use of the sum subscribed for Notes and as compensation for the 
risk that, as the case may be, the amount repayable on Notes may be less than the 
sum subscribed or the amount payable as interest on Notes may be reduced to zero 
in certain circumstances. For the avoidance of doubt, where the amount of any 
interest payable on the Notes (or any other amount payable in excess of the amount 
subscribed for Notes) is calculated by reference to another asset, the interest (or 
other amount) payable represents a return on the Notes rather than on the referenced 
asset. 
(e) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(A) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary in the Conditions but 
without prejudice to Condition  22 (Redemption Or Adjustment For An 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), if Benchmark Discontinuation is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination of the Relevant Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Relevant Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date 
and all determinations on all subsequent dates (including, without limitation, 
for the purposes of any Rate of Interest determined by reference to the then-
current Relevant Benchmark). 
(B) 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time without the consent of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders.  
(C) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this Condition  4(e), including, without limitation, any 
determination with respect to tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error, will be made in Calculation Agent's sole and absolute 
discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, 
shall become effective without the consent from the Noteholders or any other 
party. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition  4(e), if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, it is not commercially reasonable for 
the Calculation Agent to determine the Benchmark Replacement, including 
being unable or unwilling to make such determination under limb e.i. of the 
definition of "Benchmark Replacement", the relevant Rate of Interest Rate 
shall be determined as set out in Condition  4(b). 
This paragraph  (D) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only. Any 
subsequent Interest Period(s) shall be subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition  4(e). 
(E) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of this 
Condition  4(e), the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make all 
determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the 
Notes as are provided for in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event,

--- Page 361 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
361 
 
 
notwithstanding that such Benchmark Transition Event may have occurred 
before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
(F) 
As used in this Condition  4(e): 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the Interpolated Benchmark, provided 
that if the Calculation Agent cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as 
of the Benchmark Replacement Date, then "Benchmark Replacement" 
means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
a. 
the sum of: 
i. 
Term SOFR; and 
ii. 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
b. 
the sum of: 
i. 
Compounded SOFR; and 
ii. 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
c. 
the sum of: 
i. 
the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Relevant Benchmark 
(where applicable) for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; 
and 
ii. 
(where applicable) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
(if any); 
d. 
the sum of: 
i. 
the ISDA Fallback Rate; and 
ii. 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if any), 
unless the Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that the 
ISDA Fallback Rate is not an industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Relevant Benchmark for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time; or 
e. 
the sum of: 
i. 
the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent as the replacement for the then-current 
Relevant Benchmark (where applicable) for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current 
Relevant 
Benchmark 
for 
U.S. 
dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time; and 
ii. 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if any);

--- Page 362 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
362 
 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
a. 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
b. 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
c. 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Relevant Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including, without limitation, changes to the definition of "Interest 
Period", timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest, tenors and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent 
decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably 
necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Relevant Benchmark:  
a. 
in the case of sub-clauses a. or b. of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of: 
i. 
the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein; and 
ii. 
the date on which the administrator of the Relevant 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Relevant Benchmark; or 
b. 
in the case of sub-clause c. of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the effective date as of which the Relevant Benchmark will no 
longer be representative, which may be the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced in the definition of 
"Benchmark Transition Event" or another date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time for such determination.

--- Page 363 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
363 
 
 
For the purposes of the above, references to "Relevant Benchmark" shall 
include any daily published component used in the calculation of the then-
current Relevant Benchmark; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Relevant Benchmark: 
a. 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark; 
b. 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark, the 
central bank for the currency of the Relevant Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Relevant Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Relevant Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Relevant Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Relevant Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark; 
or 
c. 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no 
longer be, representative. 
For the purposes of the above, references to "Relevant Benchmark" shall 
include any daily published component used in the calculation of the then-
current Relevant Benchmark; 
"Compounded SOFR" means the compounded average of SOFRs for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, 
and conventions for this rate (which, for example, may be compounded in 
arrears with a lookback and/or suspension period and/or backward shifted 
observation period as a mechanism to determine the interest amount payable 
prior to the end of each Interest Period) being established by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with: 
a. 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for 
determining compounded SOFR; provided that: 
b. 
if, and to the extent that, the Calculation Agent determines that 
Compounded SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with sub-
clause a. of this definition of "Compounded SOFR", then the rate, or 
methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have 
been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to 
any industry accepted market practice for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time. 
"Corresponding Tenor", with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, means 
a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length

--- Page 364 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
364 
 
 
(disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-
current Relevant Benchmark; 
"Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website" means the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org or any 
successor source; 
"Interpolated Benchmark", with respect to the Relevant Benchmark, means 
the rate determined for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear 
basis between: 
a. 
the Relevant Benchmark for the longest period (for which the 
Relevant Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor; and 
b. 
the Relevant Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the 
Relevant Benchmark is available) that is longer than the 
Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the Relevant ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Relevant 
Benchmark (where applicable) for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Relevant 
Benchmark (where applicable) for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"LIBOR" means the London Interbank Offered Rate; 
"Reference Time", with respect to any determination of the Relevant 
Benchmark, means: 
a. 
if the Relevant Benchmark is USD LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) 
on the day that is two London Business Days preceding the date of 
such determination; and 
b. 
if the Relevant Benchmark is not USD LIBOR, the time determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, initially, USD LIBOR of the appropriate 
tenor; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR or 
the then-current Relevant Benchmark, then "Relevant Benchmark" means 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any board thereof), or a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto;  
"Relevant ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. or any successor 
thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time.

--- Page 365 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
365 
 
 
"SOFR", with respect to any day, means the secured overnight financing rate 
published for such day by or on behalf of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate, (or any successor administrator) on 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website; 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor based on SOFR that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body; and 
"Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement" 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(f) 
Range Accrual Provisions 
For the purposes of Notes which are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Range Accrual Notes, the Calculation Agent will determine the Accrual Rate for each 
relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes thereof: 
"Accrual Condition" shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Accrual Rate" means, in respect of Range Accrual Notes and an Interest Period, an 
amount expressed as a decimal and determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
Where Leveraged Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms: 
Leverage Accrual Multiplier x Days Accrued −Days Observed
Days Observed
 
subject to a minimum of zero; or 
(b) 
Where Leveraged Range Accrual is specified as not applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
Days Accrued
Days Observed 
Where: 
"Days Accrued" means the actual number of Range Accrual Observation 
Days in the relevant Interest Period on which the RA Rate, or  as the case 
may be, each RA Rate satisfies the Accrual Condition specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Days Observed" means the actual number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period. 
"RA Rate" means the rate(s) specified as RA Rate 1 and, as the case may be, RA 
Rate 2, in the applicable Issue Terms. The applicable Issue Terms will specify 
whether the RA Rate is (i) a Floating Rate; (ii) a CMS Rate or (iii) a CMS Spread 
Rate, and whether such rate shall be a Screen Rate or an ISDA Rate, in each case, 
determined in accordance with the Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
provisions of Condition  4(b)(i)(II) above. For the purposes thereof the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be deemed to be the relevant Scheduled Publication Day 
and, for the purposes of ISDA Determination, (a) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is

--- Page 366 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
366 
 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Reset Date shall be deemed to be the 
relevant Scheduled Publication Day and the Floating Rate Option shall always be 
determined by reference to the rate which appears on the relevant screen page or 
price source on the applicable Reset Date and, accordingly, all references in any 
Floating Rate Option to the contrary, including any reference to the rate on any day 
other than that Reset Date shall be deemed to be deleted and the words "on the 
Reset Date" shall be deemed to be substituted therefor, or (b) if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Fixing Day for the relevant 
ISDA Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Scheduled Publication Day and 
references to the Reset Date shall be disregarded. Depending on which one of (i), (ii) 
or (iii) above is specified in relation to such RA Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will 
specify all of the relevant terms for such RA Rate, in each case in accordance with 
the relevant provisions for determining the Rate of Interest for a Floating Rate Note 
under ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination or CMS Determination (as 
described in Condition  4(b)(i)(II)). 
"Range Accrual Cut-Off Observation Date" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the day falling on the number of Business Days or Scheduled Publication Days 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Range Accrual Observation Day" means, in respect of a RA Rate and an Interest 
Period: 
(a) 
each calendar day from (and including) the first day of such Interest Period to 
(but excluding) the Range Accrual Cut-Off Observation Date provided that 
where any such calendar day is not a Scheduled Publication Day for such RA 
Rate, then the Range Accrual Observation Day for such RA Rate shall be 
deemed to be the immediately preceding Scheduled Publication Day; and 
(b) 
in respect of each calendar day from (and including) the Range Accrual Cut-
Off Observation Date to (but excluding) the Interest Period Date for such 
Interest Period, the Range Accrual Cut-Off Observation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Range Accrual Observation Day for each such day. 
"Scheduled Publication Day" has, in respect of a RA Rate, the meaning given to it 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
5 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case 
of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a 
non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives applicable thereto in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to 
which the Issuer or any Paying Agent, the FX Agent or any Transfer Agent are 
subject, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement

--- Page 367 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
367 
 
 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code ("871(m) Withholding"). 
In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to 
any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any 
"dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the 
highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or 
reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
With respect to Notes that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either 
an underlying U.S. security (i.e. a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an 
index that includes U.S. securities, all payments on the Notes that reference such 
U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by 
reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per 
cent.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be 
deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect 
of the relevant U.S. securities.  The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the 
holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph  (a) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, 
other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph  (a) above against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in 
accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph  (a) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must 
be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive 
Bearer Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Bearer 
Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon 
the date on which any definitive Bearer Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured 
Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto 
(which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of five years after the Relevant

--- Page 368 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
368 
 
 
Date in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have 
become void under Condition  8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable 
prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will 
become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Long Maturity Note or any Note that is not a Fixed Rate 
Note in definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and 
Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the 
preceding Interest Period Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement 
Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Notes represented by 
any Global Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as 
the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or 
surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) 
in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Note Certificate representing such Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be 
made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the 
first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") at the 
close of business on (i) the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located) before the relevant due date, in the case of Definitive Registered Notes, or 
(ii) the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, 
where "Clearing System Business Day" means Monday to Friday inclusive except 
25 December and 1 January, in the case of Registered Global Notes.  For these 
purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, in the case of a 
payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident 
account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the 
Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a 
payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be

--- Page 369 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
369 
 
 
made by transfer to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of business on 
(i) the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the 
relevant due date, in the case of Definitive Registered Notes, or (ii) the Clearing 
System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, in the case of 
Registered Global Notes (each such date, the "Record Date"), at his address shown 
in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to 
the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any 
payment of interest or instalment of principal in respect of a Registered Note, the 
payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the 
preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to 
all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered 
Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until 
such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. 
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and 
the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the 
nominal amount of such Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in 
respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered 
Global Note in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. 
dollars shall be paid by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant 
Specified Currency of the FX Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion 
into and payment in U.S. dollars unless the participant in DTC with interest in the 
Notes has elected to receive any part of such payment in that specified currency, in 
the manner specified in the Notes Agency Agreement and in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of DTC. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by 
the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition  5(e), if any amount of 
principal and/or interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar 
payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the 
specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would 
be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the 
United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due;

--- Page 370 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
370 
 
 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt 
of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in 
the determination of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(f) 
Force Majeure and Payment Disruption 
If "FMP Disruption Events" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the following provisions in this paragraph 2 shall apply: 
(i) 
Notice of FMP Disruption Event 
The Issuer shall have the right to give notice in accordance with the General 
Conditions at any time to the Securityholders if it determines that any of the following 
events (each a "FMP Disruption Event") has occurred: 
(I) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities has become 
unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance by the Issuer with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority (as defined 
below) or otherwise;  
(II) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities is prevented 
or materially hindered or delayed due to either (1) any act, law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, directive, interpretation, decree or material 
legislative or administrative interference of any Government Authority or 
otherwise, or (2) the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, 
political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration 
and/or protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other 
causes or impediments beyond such party's control; 
(III) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible (1) for the Issuer or any of 
its relevant Affiliates to convert the relevant currency (the "Local Currency") 
in which the relevant currency or currencies, or basket or index of currencies, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Reference Underlying") or 
traded instruments or any options or futures contracts or other hedging 
arrangement in relation to the Reference Underlying (for the purposes of 
hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities) are denominated, into 
the Specified Currency or exchange or repatriate any funds in the Local 
Currency or the Specified Currency outside of the country in which the 
relevant Reference Underlying or any options or futures contracts in relation 
to the Reference Underlying are traded due to the adoption of, or any change 
in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or decree of 
any Government Authority or otherwise, or (2) for the Calculation Agent to 
determine a rate or (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) a 
commercially reasonable rate at which the Local Currency can be exchanged 
for the Specified Currency for payment under the Securities; 
(IV) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer or any of its 
relevant Affiliates, or the Issuer or any of its relevant affiliates are otherwise 
unable, to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue to do so in 
the future) in the Reference Underlying or any options or futures contracts in 
relation to the Reference Underlying in order for the Issuer to perform its 
obligations under the Securities or in respect of any relevant hedging 
arrangements in connection with the Securities (including, without limitation, 
any purchase, sale or entry into or holding of one or more securities

--- Page 371 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
371 
 
 
positions, currency positions, stock loan transactions, derivatives position or 
other instruments or arrangements (however described) by the Issuer (or any 
of its affiliates) in order to hedge, either individually or on a portfolio basis, the 
Securities) or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) be materially increased under the restriction; 
(V) 
any other event beyond the control of the Issuer has occurred which makes it 
impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Securities or to hedge effectively its obligations under the 
Securities or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) be materially increased; 
(VI) 
any relevant clearing system suspends or ceases to accept the Specified 
Currency as a settlement currency; 
(VII) 
the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or the Specified Currency is 
no longer used by the government of the jurisdiction of the Specified 
Currency or for settlement of transactions by public institutions within the 
international banking community; 
(VIII) 
any other Additional FMP Disruption Event specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
(ii) 
Issuer's Option following a FMP Disruption Event 
If the Issuer decides to give notice to Noteholders of the occurrence of a FMP 
Disruption Event pursuant to this Note Condition 5(f), it shall state in such notice 
whether the Issuer will satisfy its obligations to the Noteholders by (a) making the 
relevant payment (each an "Affected Payment") in United States dollars, pounds 
sterling, euro or the Local Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion (an "Alternate Payment Currency"), in lieu of the Specified Currency 
pursuant to Note Condition 5(f)(iii), (b) whether the Notes will be early redeemed 
pursuant to Note Condition 5(f)(iv) or (c) whether the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities will be suspended pursuant to Note Condition 5(f)(v). If the Issuer elects to 
give notice to Noteholders of a suspension of its obligations under the Notes pursuant 
to Note Condition 5(f)(iv), the Issuer shall nevertheless retain the right at all times to 
early redeem the Notes pursuant to Note Condition 5(f)(iv) by giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with these Note Conditions. 
(iii) 
Payment in a different currency 
Upon the Issuer's election to make payment in an Alternate Payment Currency, the 
Issuer will convert the amount of the relevant Affected Payment from the Specified 
Currency into the Alternate Payment Currency by reference to such currency 
exchange rate displayed on such price source(s) as the Issuer shall determine or 
otherwise as the Issuer shall determine and the Issuer shall make the Affected 
Payment on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the relevant payment date in 
accordance with the Note Conditions. Any such payment in the Alternate Payment 
Currency will not constitute a default and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further 
interest or any other payment in respect of the Affected Payment. 
(iv) 
Early Redemption 
Upon the Issuer's election to early redeem the Notes as aforesaid (or upon expiry of 
the 10-day period referred to in Note Condition 5(f)(v)), the Issuer will, in respect of 
each and every Note, cause to be paid to the Noteholder an amount determined to be 
the fair market value of the Note as at termination (which may be zero) taking into 
consideration all information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including 
the circumstances that resulted in the occurrence of the FMP Disruption Event) less

--- Page 372 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
372 
 
 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any related hedging 
arrangements (including but not limited to selling or otherwise realising the 
Referenced Underlying(s) or any options or futures contracts in relation to the 
Referenced Underlying(s) or any other such property), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. At the election of the Issuer, such payment may be made in the 
Local Currency in the Relevant Jurisdiction, in which case the Noteholder will have 
responsibility for establishing an account in the Relevant Jurisdiction in order to 
receive such payments; provided that if it is impracticable, illegal or impossible for the 
Issuer to pay such amount in the Relevant Jurisdiction or the relevant Noteholder 
does not establish the necessary account in the Relevant Jurisdiction to receive 
payment(s) in the currency the Issuer elects, the Issuer shall not be obliged to make 
payment of any such amounts so affected, as applicable. Payment will be made, as 
the case may be, in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with the General Conditions, including, if required, in an alternative 
currency. 
(v) 
Suspension 
Upon the Issuer's election to suspend the Securities, the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of the Securities may be suspended up until the tenth day after such Force 
Majeure Event shall cease to exist. Any such suspension of payment will not 
constitute a default and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any 
other payment in respect of any such suspension. 
(vi) 
Loss 
No Noteholder will be entitled to any compensation from the Issuer for any loss 
suffered as a result of the occurrence of a FMP Disruption Event or the action taken 
by the Issuer in relation thereto. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or 
other political subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, 
foreign exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any 
other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative 
functions of or pertaining to government. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" has the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and, if it is not specified, it will mean the jurisdiction determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(g) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is 
not a Payment Day, then the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
(h) 
Interpretation of principal or nominal 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "principal" or "nominal" in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;

--- Page 373 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
373 
 
 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) or Optional Reduction Amount(s) 
(if any) of the Notes; 
(iv) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition  6(e)); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be 
payable by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
(i) 
Rounding 
In respect of Notes represented by a Global Note or a Definitive Registered Note, 
amounts payable in respect of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note or such Registered Notes shall be rounded to 
the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  
In respect of Definitive Bearer Notes, amounts payable in respect of the Calculation 
Amount shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
6 
GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each 
Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Issue Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that a Tax Event has occurred, the 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time, on giving not less than the Minimum Period and not more than the Maximum 
Period (if any) of notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition  16 (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition  6(b) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition  6(e) together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption or pro rata reduction of principal at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call) 
(i) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the Minimum Period and not more than the 
Maximum Period (if any) of notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms to 
the Noteholders and to any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are 
for the time being listed in accordance with Condition  16 and, not less than 
two days before the giving of such notice to the Noteholders and to any such 
stock exchange, has given notice to the Agent and, in the case of a 
redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar (which notices shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date

--- Page 374 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
374 
 
 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, determined in the manner specified 
in, the applicable Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount that is (A) equal to or greater than 
the Minimum Redemption Amount and (B) equal to or less than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case, if applicable and as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
In the case of a redemption of some but not all Notes, where such Notes are 
in the form of Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes, the 
Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by 
lot (in such place as the Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes, may approve and in such manner as the 
Agent or, as applicable, the Registrar, shall deem to be appropriate and fair) 
not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and a list of the 
Notes called for redemption will be given in accordance with Condition  16 not 
less than 30 days prior to such date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of a 
redemption of some but not all Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the relevant Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with 
the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition  16 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The 
aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all 
Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes 
outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, 
in each case on the Selection Date, provided that, such first mentioned 
nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest 
integral multiple of the Specified Denomination and the aggregate nominal 
amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note shall be equal to 
the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the relevant Global 
Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection 
Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this 
Condition  6(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition  16 at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
(iii) 
If Issuer Call and Pro Rata Reduction are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than the 
minimum period and not more than the maximum period (if any) of notice 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to the Noteholders and to any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed in 
accordance with Condition  16 and not less than two days before the giving of 
such notice to the Noteholders and to any such stock exchange has given 
notice to the Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption), redeem a stated nominal amount of each Note then 
outstanding on any Optional Reduction Date by payment of the Optional 
Reduction Amount(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, in respect of 
Exempt Notes, determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Reduction Date and the Calculation Agent shall make 
such other amendments as it determines appropriate to the Final Redemption 
Amount, the Calculation Amount and/or any of the other relevant provisions

--- Page 375 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
375 
 
 
of the Conditions to account for such partial redemption and Pro Rata 
Reduction. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer, and to any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for 
the time being listed, in accordance with Condition  16 not less than the Minimum 
Period and not more than the Maximum Period (if any) of notice specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in 
accordance with the terms specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. If 
"Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Optional Redemption Amount will be adjusted to take account of any Hedging Costs. 
Registered Notes may be redeemed under this Condition  6(d) in any multiple of their 
Calculation Amount. 
If this Note is in the form of a Definitive Note, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Note, the holder of this Note must deliver such Definitive Note at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar, falling within the notice period, 
accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Registrar, (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify 
a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case 
of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the 
full nominal amount of the Registered Notes represented by the Definitive Registered 
Note so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Definitive 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent 
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition  2(b). If this Note is in 
the form of a Definitive Note, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Definitive 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Definitive Note 
will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or a Definitive Note that is held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice of such 
exercise in accordance with Condition  16(b). 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Definitive Note or given in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC pursuant 
to this Condition  6(d) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption, an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition  6(d) and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition  9. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition  6(b) and Condition  9, each Note will be redeemed at its 
"Early Redemption Amount" calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) either (A) (i) at the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) in the case of Exempt 
Notes, determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or (B) otherwise, an amount determined to be the fair market 
value (as described in Condition  6(j) below) of such Note (which may be

--- Page 376 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
376 
 
 
zero) on such day as the Calculation Agent shall select, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent using its internal models and methodologies (and 
which may be based on, among other things: the time remaining to maturity 
of the Note; if the Note is linked to one or more reference item, the value, 
expected future performance and volatility of such reference item; the interest 
rates at which banks lend to each other; and any other information which the 
Issuer or Calculation Agent deems relevant (including the circumstances that 
led to event causing the early redemption)), and, for the purposes of 
determining the fair market value of such Note for the purposes of 
Condition  9, no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer 
which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect 
of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face 
Amount") calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; and 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y"  
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms which will either be (i) 30/360 (in which case, the 
numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
of will be 360), (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator of will be 360) or (iii) 
Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
of will be 365), 
provided that, in each case, if "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Early Redemption Amount will be adjusted to take 
account of any Hedging Costs. 
(f) 
Instalments 
Exempt Notes which are Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment 
Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition  6(e). 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided 
that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and

--- Page 377 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
377 
 
 
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market 
or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition  6(g) (together with, in 
the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
(i) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Note pursuant to Condition  6(a), Condition  6(b), Condition  6(c) or 
Condition  6(d) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition  7 is 
improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount calculated as provided in 
Condition  6(e)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent in the 
case of Bearer Notes or the Registrar in the case of Registered Notes and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition  16. 
(j) 
Fair market value 
For purposes of determining an Early Redemption Amount or any other amount due 
on early redemption of the Notes which is calculated by reference to the "fair market 
value" of a Note, the fair market value of a Note will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent, by reference to such Relevant Information (as defined in Condition  12) as it 
determines appropriate at the relevant time.  
Where the relevant Notes provide for any minimum amount(s) of cash or assets to be 
payable or deliverable this shall be taken into account in determining the fair market 
value.  However, the Calculation Agent shall reduce (i.e. discount) the value of such 
amounts in determining the fair market value to take into account the length of time 
remaining to the first possible date on which such amount(s) would otherwise have 
been payable or deliverable.  Such discounting may be determined by reference to 
Relevant Information which may include risk free rate(s). 
The Calculation Agent shall also take into account appropriate values for any other 
amount which would or could otherwise have been payable or deliverable under the 
relevant Notes.  This may include the element of the return on the Notes determined 
by reference to the relevant assets or reference basis(es) to which the Notes relate 
(i.e. the derivative element).  The relevant value for this element of the Notes may be 
determined by reference to the cost at the relevant time of entering into a transaction 
to provide similar amounts.

--- Page 378 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
378 
 
 
(k) 
Hedging Costs 
For the purposes of this Condition  6, "Hedging Costs" means, in respect of the Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount (as the case may be and each 
a "Relevant Redemption Amount"), (A) the losses, expenses and costs (if any), 
including any loss of bargain or cost of funding (in which case the Relevant 
Redemption Amount will be adjusted downward to the extent of such losses, 
expenses and costs, provided that the Relevant Redemption Amount shall not be less 
than zero) or (B) the gain (in which case the Relevant Redemption Amount will be 
adjusted upward to the extent of such gain), as the case may be, to the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliate of unwinding, terminating, liquidating, adjusting, obtaining, replacing 
or re-establishing any underlying or related hedging arrangements (including, but not 
limited to, any options or selling or otherwise realising any instruments of any type 
whatsoever which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may hold as part of such 
hedging arrangements), in each case expressed on a par Note basis and all as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
7 
TAXATION 
The Issuer is not obliged to gross up or otherwise increase any payment in respect of any 
Notes and shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender 
for payment, or enforcement of any Note, and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made 
subject to any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, 
paid, withheld or deducted. To the extent that the Final Redemption Amount exceeds the 
Issue Price, the excess represents a commercial rate of return in compensation for the use of 
the Issue Price in full recognition of the risks and specific features of the associated 
underlying assets. 
8 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void 
unless presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five 
years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition  8 or 
Condition  5(b) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition  5(b). 
9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any one or more of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") shall occur and be 
continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest or delivery of any Asset 
Amount due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a 
period of 45 days after the due date; 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any one or more of its other obligations under 
the Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when 
no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure 
continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the 
Issuer of written notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if an order is made or an effective resolution passed for winding up the Issuer, except 
for the purpose of a reconstruction or amalgamation and the entity resulting from 
such reconstruction or amalgamation assumes all the rights and obligations, as the 
case may be, of the Issuer (including its obligations under the Notes),

--- Page 379 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
379 
 
 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, declare any Notes held by the holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at 
the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of payment, 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
10 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, NOTE CERTIFICATES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND 
TALONS 
Should any Note, Note Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, 
defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11 
AGENT, REGISTRAR, OTHER PAYING AGENTS AND CALCULATION AGENT ROLES 
(a) 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial 
specified offices are set out below if this is a Bearer Note or the name and initial 
specified office of the initial Registrar are set out below if this is a Registered Note. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the Registrar or any 
Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any 
change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent and a Paying Agent, which may be the 
Agent; 
(ii) 
while the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any 
other relevant authority and are in definitive form, it will at all times maintain a 
Paying Agent having its specified office in such place as may be required by 
the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or such other 
relevant authority; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be a Registrar and Transfer Agent in respect of 
Registered Notes which, so long as Registered Notes are listed on any stock 
exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority, will have a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(iv) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there 
will at all times be an FX Agent with a specified office in New York City. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office 
in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition  5(e). Notice of any 
variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition  16. 
In acting under the Notes Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust 
with, any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Notes Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor Paying Agent.

--- Page 380 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
380 
 
 
(b) 
In relation to each issue of Notes where there is a Calculation Agent (whether it be 
the Issuer or a third party), it acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume 
any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with the 
Noteholders. 
12 
DETERMINATIONS AND CALCULATIONS 
All calculations, determinations, decisions, selections, elections and opinions made by the 
Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) shall be made in its discretion in accordance with 
the Conditions, having regard in each case to any criteria stipulated therein, and shall (save in 
the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders. The Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) may, with the consent of 
the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems 
appropriate. 
Save as otherwise expressly provided, in considering whether and how to exercise its 
discretion, the Issuer and Calculation Agent (or such third party) shall act in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner.  
In exercising its discretion as described above, the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third 
party) may take into account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which 
may include, in particular, any circumstances or events which have or may have a material 
impact on the hedging arrangements (as described below) entered into by the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other relevant party (each a "Relevant Party") in respect of the 
Notes. The exercise of the Issuer or Calculation Agent's (or such third party's) discretion in 
respect of the Notes as provided herein is necessary because certain circumstances or 
events (for example a material modification or disruption to a relevant asset(s) to which the 
Notes are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Notes which may materially 
affect the costs to the Relevant Party of maintaining the Notes or any relevant hedging 
arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing of 
the Notes. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability or 
disruption to any reference source) it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise 
appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any relevant asset(s) to which the Notes are 
linked or otherwise in connection with the Notes to be made, thus making it necessary for the 
Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) to exercise its discretion in such a case. 
As used in this Condition, hedging arrangements means the arrangements, if any, the 
Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts or assets to be paid or 
delivered under the Notes as these fall due. This may involve a Relevant Party investing 
directly in an underlying reference asset or basis. Alternatively, a Relevant Party may make 
an indirect investment by entering into or acquiring a derivative contract referencing any 
relevant asset(s). Such hedging arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. 
where the Relevant Party maintains arrangements for hedging the Notes together with other 
obligations of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates). A Relevant Party will seek to select hedging 
arrangements which are efficient for it in the context of the tax, regulatory and business 
environment in which it operates, but will do so without having regard to the interests of 
Noteholders. A Relevant Party may also adjust hedging arrangements from time to time but 
will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes or regulatory changes which affect its 
hedging arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, no Relevant Party is under any obligation 
to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if any hedging arrangements are entered into, 
such arrangements will not confer any rights or entitlements on any Noteholder and no 
Noteholder will have recourse to any such hedging arrangements. 
The Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) will employ the methodology described in 
the Conditions to determine amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes.  When 
making any such determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the 
Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) may in its sole and absolute discretion 
consider any relevant information ("Relevant Information"), which may but is not required to 
include, without limitation, one or more of the following:

--- Page 381 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
381 
 
 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or 
information sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one 
or more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant 
rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant 
market data in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in  (i) or  (ii) above from internal sources (including 
any Affiliate of the Issuer or Calculation Agent) or other information of a type used by 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) in the regular course of its 
business or in connection with similar transactions. 
Whenever the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) is required to make any 
determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. Any 
delay, deferral or forbearance by the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) in the 
performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under the Notes including, 
without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or 
binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion. 
Where specified in the Conditions, notice of any such determination (and details of the 
adjustments made or other actions taken) shall be given to Noteholders as soon as 
practicable and pursuant to Condition  16 (provided that any failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the action taken). 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other persons makes no express or 
implied representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining 
exposure to the Notes, (ii) the value of the Notes at any particular time on any particular date, 
or (iii) any amounts that may become payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Noteholders for any 
direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of 
profits) even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Calculation Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any 
holder for any errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the 
Notes and acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
of its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of 
Notes including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to any 
relevant asset(s).  Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may contract with 
the Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Notes or any relevant 
asset(s) and as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its obligations as 
Calculation Agent and its and/or its Affiliates' interests in other capacities.  Subject to all 
regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes 
shall owe any duty or responsibility to any Noteholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the 
interests of any Noteholder. 
13 
CORRECTIONS 
In the event that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an underlying reference asset 
for any time on any day which is published or announced by or on behalf of the person or 
entity responsible for such publication or announcement and which is used for any calculation 
or determination made in respect of the Notes is subsequently corrected, and the correction 
(the "Corrected Level") is published by or on behalf of such person or entity within the 
relevant Correction Period after the original publication (and at least two Business Days prior

--- Page 382 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
382 
 
 
to the relevant date on which a payment or delivery is scheduled to be made under the Notes 
(the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date")), then the Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
deem such Corrected Level to be the level, price, rate or value for the relevant underlying 
reference asset for the relevant time on the relevant day and, in such circumstances, the 
Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Level in determining any amounts payable and/or 
deliverable in respect of the Notes. Corrections published after the day which is two Business 
Days prior to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of determining any such amounts payable and/or deliverable under 
the Notes. 
Where "Correction Period" means the period of time specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and which may, for the avoidance of doubt, be expressed to be "at any time". If 
no such period is so specified, the Correction Period shall be construed to be 2 Business 
Days. 
14 
RESPONSIBILITY 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent (or any third party) shall have any responsibility 
in respect of any error or omission or subsequent corrections made in the calculation or 
announcement of any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of any underlying reference 
asset, whether caused by negligence or otherwise. 
15 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the 
final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Bearer Note to which it appertains) 
a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition  8. 
16 
NOTICES 
(a) 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published 
in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed, including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange 
if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication. 
All notices to holders of Registered Notes will be deemed validly given if mailed to 
their registered addresses appearing on the Register. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the third day after the day on which it was mailed. In 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that 
stock exchange so require, a copy of such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Notes representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such publication as 
described above the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and 
the Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed, including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange if required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been

--- Page 383 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
383 
 
 
given to the holders of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
(b) 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the 
same, together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relevant Note or 
Notes, with the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes), as the case may be. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent or the 
Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day when delivered or if 
delivered after 5.00 p.m. in the place of location of the Issuer on an Issuer Business 
Day, will be deemed effective on the next following Issuer Business Day. 
17 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Notes Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting (including by 
way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Notes Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per 
cent. of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of 
the holders of all the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the 
Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of all the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in 
each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not 
they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all 
Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Notes Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders 
to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions 
of the Notes Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or 
Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one 
or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons (including 
modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the Asset Amount or the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts 
or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  
The Issuer may make, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) to the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons or the Notes Agency Agreement which the Issuer may deem necessary or 
desirable which in the determination of the Issuer is not prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification to the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Notes Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature, or is made to correct a 
manifest or proven error, to cure, correct or supplement a defective provision 
contained herein or therein or to comply with mandatory provisions of law.

--- Page 384 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
384 
 
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition  16 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
18 
SUBSTITUTION 
(i) 
The Issuer may, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for 
itself any company (the "Substitute") being any Affiliate of the Issuer or another 
company with which it consolidates, into which it merges or to which it sells, leases, 
transfers or conveys all or substantially all its property, subject to: 
(A) 
where the Substitute is an Affiliate of the Issuer, the Substitute having a long-
term unsecured debt rating equal to or higher than that of the Issuer given by 
an internationally recognised rating agency or having the benefit of a 
guarantee from the Issuer or another Affiliate of the Issuer with such a debt 
rating; 
(B) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done 
(including the obtaining of necessary consents and regulatory approvals) to 
ensure that the Notes and the relevant Notes Deed of Covenant represent 
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute having been taken, 
fulfilled and done, and are in full force and effect;  
(C) 
the Substitute becoming party to the Notes Agency Agreement with any 
appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to 
it in place of the Issuer;  
(D) 
such substitution being permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are listed and each such stock exchange confirming that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue 
to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(E) 
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in 
England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes; and 
(F) 
the Issuer giving at least 30 days' prior notice of the date of such substitution 
to the holders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(ii) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer shall be deemed 
to be a reference to the Substitute. 
(iii) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition  18(i), the Substitute may, without the 
consent of any holder, effect a further substitution.  All the provisions specified in 
Condition  18(i) or  18(ii) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in the 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or 
include references to any such further Substitute. 
(iv) 
For so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange shall 
be notified of any such consolidation, merger or substitution and the requirements of 
such stock exchange in respect of such consolidation, merger or substitution shall be 
complied with. 
(v) 
If the successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and 
existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction of incorporation of 
the Issuer originally specified as the Issuer in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
definition of "Tax Jurisdiction" shall be amended to reflect the jurisdiction under which 
such Substitute is organised and existing.

--- Page 385 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
385 
 
 
(vi) 
Where the Issuer is SCB, the Issuer shall also have the right upon giving not less 
than 30 days' notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 to change the 
branch through which it is acting for the purpose of the Notes. After any such change, 
the definition of "Tax Jurisdiction" shall be amended to reflect the jurisdiction of the 
substituted branch.  
19 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders, to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon, the date on which interest starts to accrue and the Issue 
Date and/or the Issue Price, and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
20 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
to enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
21 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes Agency Agreement, the SCB Notes Deed of Covenant, the SCBHK Notes 
Deed of Covenant, the SCBSL Notes Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and 
the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with 
them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
Subject as provided below, the English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or 
the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity, and any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of 
the Issuer and any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder in relation to any 
Dispute, submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
For the purposes of this Condition  21(b), the Issuer hereby waives any objection to 
the English courts on the grounds that they are in an inconvenient or inappropriate 
forum to settle any Dispute. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in 
any other court with competent jurisdiction and/or (ii) concurrent proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Where the Issuer is SCBHK or SCBSL, SCBHK or SCBSL, as the case may be, 
irrevocably appoints SCB at its principal office in London at 1 Basinghall Avenue, 
London EC2V 5DD as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the 
English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of SCB at its 
principal office in London being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Dispute. SCBHK or SCBSL, as the case may be, agrees that failure by a process

--- Page 386 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
386 
 
 
agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect 
the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Waiver of trial by jury 
WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO CONDITION  21(b), THE ISSUER WAIVES ANY RIGHT 
IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES.  THESE CONDITIONS MAY BE FILED AS A 
WRITTEN CONSENT TO A BENCH TRIAL. 
(e) 
Other Documents 
The Issuer has in the Notes Agency Agreement and the SCBHK Notes Deed of 
Covenant or the SCBSL Notes Deed of Covenant (as applicable) submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts and, where the Issuer is SCBHK or SCBSL, 
appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above. 
22 
REDEMPTION OR ADJUSTMENT FOR AN ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK EVENT 
(a) 
Administrator Benchmark Event 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option):  
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment to the Conditions as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the relevant event or 
circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or 
more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by 
reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made 
in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) include 
selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the 
Conditions including where applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer 
providing such exposure to the successor benchmark(s) or apply an adjustment cost 
which may be positive or negative and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. Provided that the 
Calculation Agent has fully determined any adjustments and the related effective date 
pursuant to the above, the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16, stating the occurrence of the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event and giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to achieve a commercially 
reasonable result with any such adjustment or that it is unable to make such 
adjustment, having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6(e) above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms 
of the Notes.  In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply in 
relation to an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the 
Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(b) 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the Conditions pursuant to  22(a)(i) above above (including the 
determination of any adjustment spread or factor, however defined) which the Calculation 
Agent determines are necessary or appropriate:

--- Page 387 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
387 
 
 
(i) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable and having regard to relevant 
information (as described in Condition  12 (Determinations and Calculations)), but also 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market); 
(ii) 
(may include, where applicable and without limitation, (I) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining Benchmarks and making payments, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation 
or observation period of a Benchmark and the related payment dates and other 
administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides are appropriate, (II) the 
application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread (which may be positive or 
negative) and (III) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of 
providing exposure to the replacement or successor Benchmark(s); and 
(iii) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement 
Benchmark which, unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be 
the relevant Benchmark in relation to the then current and all future determination 
days and which, in the case of a Benchmark which is an interest rate, may be, without 
limitation, (I) an interpolated rate, (II) a pre-nominated rate specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, (III) an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back 
rate or methodology for calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or 
fall-back rate (which may be formally designated, nominated or recommended by (a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body, (b) the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark or 
(c) ISDA or any other relevant trade association, working group, task-force or 
committee to replace the Benchmark) which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
an industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference such Benchmark (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form 
of (a) a publication by the relevant trade association, working group, task-force or 
committee, or (b) a press release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, 
protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA), (IV) an index, 
benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback that the Calculation Agent determines 
to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the Benchmark, which, in any such 
case, may be determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to 
a "risk-free rate". 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this Condition  22, the 
Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any adjustment or make any determination in 
relation to the Conditions if the effective date(s) of the relevant adjustment or determination 
would fall after the earlier of (i) the date the affected Benchmark is no longer used for the 
purposes of the Notes and (ii) the maturity of the Notes. 
(c) 
Regulatory Obligations 
If the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or regulation to 
determine and calculate a replacement interest rate or make any other determination 
or adjustment in accordance with this Condition  22 (or it would be unlawful were a 
determination to be made at that time); or 
(ii) 
it would contrive contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine a 
replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in 
accordance with this Condition  22 (or it would contravene those licensing requirments 
were a determination to be made at that time); or 
(iii) 
any adjustment spread (howsoever described) is or would be a benchmark index or 
other price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would

--- Page 388 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
388 
 
 
subject the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory 
obligations which it is unwilling to undertake,  
then the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to make the relevant determination or 
adjustment and may instead take any alternative action under the Conditions as it determines 
appropriate. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of this Condition  22, the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all 
actions in respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection with an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, notwithstanding that such Administrator/Benchmark Event 
may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
(d) 
No duty to monitor 
In relation to any relevant Benchmark and for the purposes of applying the provisions referred 
to in this Condition  22, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will have any duty to 
monitor or enquire as to whether any relevant event or circumstance in respect of any such 
Benchmark has occurred to which such provisions might apply. 
(e) 
Definitions 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will 
be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or 
any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use 
the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes or (3) it 
is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in connection 
with the Notes from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, or the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any 
applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any 
relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is 
revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence) or (4) 
there has been a public statement or publication of information by the the administrator or 
sponsor of the relevant Benchmark, any national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory 
authority which is responsible for either (a) supervising the administrator or sponsor of the 
relevant Benchmark or (b) regulating the relevant Benchmark, the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark or another official body with applicable responsibility announcing 
that such Benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified future date will no 
longer be representative, of any underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark 
is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored or (5) the relevant 
Benchmark is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-the-counter derivatives 
market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by 
ISDA) pursuant to which such Benchmark is or will be replaced with a replacement rate with 
respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Benchmark. 
"Benchmark" means any figure, level, rate or value by reference to which any amount 
payable or deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined in whole or in 
part (including, without limitation, any benchmark, as defined in the BMR), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following:

--- Page 389 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
389 
 
 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark;  
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark where there is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of or it is otherwise not 
permitted to use such Benchmark in respect of the Notes or any related hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Notes which are derivative transactions referencing 
the relevant Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) or Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018), in each case, as amended from time to time. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Benchmark: (i) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Benchmark is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Benchmark or the administrator of the 
Benchmark; or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) the 
central bank for the currency in which the Benchmark is denominated, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Benchmark or the 
administrator of the Benchmark, (c) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 390 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
390 
 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the General Terms and Conditions that, subject to the provisions of the 
relevant Product Terms, the relevant Pricing Supplement and, if applicable, the additional terms set 
out in any relevant supplement to this Base Prospectus, shall be the "Conditions" applicable to the 
Certificates. References in the Conditions to "Certificates" are to the Certificates of one series only, 
not to all Certificates that may be issued under the Programme. Reference should be made to "Form 
of Pricing Supplement of the Certificates" for a description of the contents of Pricing Supplement 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Certificates. 
This Certificate is one of a Series (as defined below) of Certificates ("Certificates") issued by (i) 
Standard Chartered Bank ("SCB"), acting through its principal office in London or, as the case may 
be, acting through the branch specified as being the Specified Branch in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement (as defined below), (ii) Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited ("SCBHK") or, (iii) 
Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited ("SCBSL"), as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, pursuant to the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References to the "Issuer" are to SCB, SCBHK or SCBSL as applicable as the relevant Issuer of the 
Certificates specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Certificates will neither be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Certificates have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Warrants and Certificates Agency 
Agreement (such Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the "Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement") dated 9 July 
2021 and made between, among others, SCB, SCBHK, SCBSL and Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as principal certificate agent (the "Principal Certificate Agent", which expression shall 
include any successor agent), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (the "Luxembourg Certificate 
Agent") and the other certificate agents named therein (any such certificate agents, together with the 
Luxembourg Certificate Agent and the Principal Certificate Agent, the "Certificate Agents", which 
expression shall include any additional or successor certificate agents). The Certificates will be in 
book-entry form and represented by a global security and substantially in the form set forth in the 
Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement ("Global W&C Security"), which will either be 
designated as a "Regulation S Global W&C Security" or a "Unitary Global W&C Security", all of which 
shall become valid obligations of the Issuer when the applicable Pricing Supplement is attached to the 
relevant Global W&C Security. 
The final terms for this Certificate (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") attached to or endorsed on this Certificate which 
completes these terms and conditions (the "General Terms and Conditions") for the purposes of this 
Certificate and which may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or 
to the extent inconsistent with these General Terms and Conditions, replace or modify these General 
Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Certificate. References to the "applicable Pricing 
Supplement" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Pricing Supplement (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Certificate. References to "applicable Product 
Terms are to the relevant additional terms and conditions attached to or endorsed on this Certificate. 
Any reference to "Certificateholders" or "holders" in relation to any Certificates shall mean (the 
persons who are for the time being shown in the records of the Clearing System(s) as the holders of 
the Certificates). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Certificates which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Certificates together with any further 
Tranche or Tranches of Certificates which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single 
series and (ii) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all 
respects save for the date of the first Interim Payment their Issue Dates and/or Issue Prices. The 
Certificateholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant made by SCB in respect of 
Certificates and Warrants issued by SCB dated 3 July 2014 (such Deed of Covenant as amended

--- Page 391 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
391 
 
 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "SCB W&C Deed of Covenant"), the 
Deed of Covenant made by SCBHK in respect of Certificates and Warrants issued by SCBHK dated 3 
July 2014 (such Deed of Covenant as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "SCBHK W&C Deed of Covenant" and the Deed of Covenant made by SCBSL in respect 
of Certificates and Warrants issued by SCBSL dated 12 July 2018 (such Deed of Covenant as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "SCBSL W&C Deed of 
Covenant" and together with the SCB W&C Deed of Covenant and the SCBHK W&C Deed of 
Covenant, the "W&C Deeds of Covenant" and each a "W&C Deed of Covenant"). The originals of 
the W&C Deeds of Covenant are held by the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (each as defined below). 
Holders of Certificates that are "restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act are 
entitled to the benefit of (i) in respect of Certificates issued by SCB or SCBHK, a deed poll made by 
SCB and SCBHK (the "W&C Deed Poll") dated 3 July 2014, or (ii) in respect of Certificates issued by 
SCBSL, a deed poll made by SCBSL (the "SCBSL W&C Deed Poll") dated 12 July 2018. Copies of 
the applicable Pricing Supplement are obtainable at the specified offices of the Certificate Agents and 
copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be obtained from the 
website of the relevant stock exchange on which such Certificates are listed. However, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement relating to Certificates which are not listed on any stock exchange will only be 
obtainable by a Certificateholder holding one or more Certificates of that Series and such 
Certificateholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Certificate Agent 
as to its holding of such Certificates and identity.  
The Certificateholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement, the W&C Deeds of Covenant and the 
applicable Pricing Supplement which are applicable to them. The statements in these General Terms 
and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Warrants and 
Certificates Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement or used in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings where used in these General Terms 
and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated, and provided that, 
in the event of inconsistency between the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Pricing Supplement will prevail. 
In these General Terms and Conditions, the following definitions shall apply: 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Certificate, each date specified as an Averaging Date in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement subject to the provisions relating to non-Business Days, Disrupted 
Days (if applicable), Market Disruption Events (if applicable) and other adjustments set out in, the 
applicable Product Terms and/or the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Business Centre" means each location specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Business Centre (other than TARGET 
System) specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
(b) 
if TARGET System is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Pricing Supplement, a 
day on which the TARGET system is open (a "TARGET Settlement Day"); and

--- Page 392 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
392 
 
 
(c) 
either: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Business Centre and 
which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively); or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day. 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as the Calculation Amount in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Clearing System(s)" means Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing system 
(as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.. 
"Cut-off Time" means, in respect of the relevant Clearing System(s) through which the relevant 
Certificate is held, 9.00 a.m. (London time) or such other time or times as the Issuer may determine to 
be necessary in accordance with the operational procedures of the relevant Clearing System(s) and 
notify to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition  9. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Calculation Amount and an Early Redemption 
Date, the amount specified for such Early Redemption Date in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
which may, if an Early Redemption Price is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement for such 
Early Redemption Date, be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by such Early 
Redemption Price. 
"Early Redemption Date" shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Early Redemption Notice" shall have the meaning specified in Condition  4(a). 
"Early Redemption Notification Date" shall have the meaning specified in Condition  3(d). 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in relation to each Certificate and subject as provided in the 
relevant Product Terms, the amount to which the Certificateholder is entitled in the Specified 
Currency, as specified or determined as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Financial Centre" means each of the places so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Interim Payment Date" shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Interim Payments" shall have the meaning specified in Condition  3(b). 
"Investor Put" shall be as described in Condition  3(d) below and in any applicable Product Terms. 
"Issue Date" shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Issuer Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place of location of the Issuer. 
"Issuer Call" shall be as described in Condition  3(c) below.

--- Page 393 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
393 
 
 
"Maturity Date" shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Minimum Transferable Number" means the minimum number of Certificates that may be 
transferred as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Payment Day" means any day which is: 
(a) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than any Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open; and 
(b) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
each Financial Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the Pricing 
Supplement; and 
(ii) 
if TARGET System is specified as a Financial Centre in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, a day on which TARGET System is open. 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
"Regulation S Global W&C Security" means a Global W&C Security representing Certificates sold 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Specified Currency" means the redemption currency for the payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) system which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto. 
"Unitary Global W&C Security" means a Global W&C Security representing Certificates sold in the 
United States to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or another exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act and outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
1. 
FORM, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
The Certificates are in registered form and shall be represented at all times by a Global W&C 
Security deposited outside of the United Kingdom with a common depository for the Clearing 
System(s). Certificates in definitive form shall not be issued. 
This Certificate may be a Credit Linked Certificate, a Commodity Linked Certificate, a 
Currency Linked Certificate, an Equity Linked Certificate, an Index Linked Certificate or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, as may be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. The applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate whether, in the case of an Equity 
Linked Certificate or a Credit Linked Certificate, settlement shall be by way of cash payment 
("Cash Settled Certificates") and/or (if the applicable provisions are in the relevant Product

--- Page 394 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
394 
 
 
Terms) physical delivery ("Physical Delivery Certificates") and whether Averaging 
("Averaging") will apply to the Certificates. If Averaging is specified as applying in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Pricing Supplement will state the relevant 
Averaging Dates. 
For so long as any Global W&C Security is held on behalf of the Clearing System(s), each 
person (other than the Clearing System(s)) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
the Clearing System(s) as the holder of a particular number of such Certificates (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by the Clearing System(s) as to the number 
of such Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for 
all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the 
Certificate Agents as the holder of such number of such Certificates for all purposes, and the 
expressions "Certificateholder" and "holder of Certificates" and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
Certificates, as they are represented by a Global W&C Security, will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Clearing System(s). 
Transfers of Certificates may be effected only in integral multiples of the Minimum 
Transferable Number of Certificates and through the relevant Clearing System(s). Title will 
pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of such relevant Clearing System(s). 
In the event that the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Certificates are eligible for 
sale in the United States to QIBs, the Certificates will be represented by one or more Unitary 
Global W&C Securities.  In all other cases, the Certificates will be represented by one or more 
Regulation S Global W&C Securities. 
The Certificates represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security and a Unitary Global 
W&C Security may be sold or otherwise transferred in the manner provided in the Warrants 
and Certificates Agency Agreement and herein.  Certificates represented by a Regulation S 
Global W&C Security (or interests therein) may not be transferred or exchanged for 
Certificates represented by a Unitary Global W&C Security (or interests therein), or vice 
versa. 
2. 
STATUS 
The Certificates are direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The obligations of the Issuer 
under the Certificates shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
3. 
REDEMPTION AND PAYMENT 
(a) 
Payments on the Maturity Date 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased or cancelled, the Issuer will pay or cause 
to be paid on the Maturity Date the Final Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Certificate. The Final Redemption Amount will be calculated as set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(b) 
Interim payments 
In addition, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Issuer will pay or 
cause to be paid on each Interim Payment Date such amounts as may be specified or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of such Pricing Supplement ("Interim 
Payments").

--- Page 395 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
395 
 
 
(c) 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period (if 
any) of notice specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to the Certificateholders, 
redeem all or some only of the Certificates then outstanding on any Early Redemption 
Date and at the Early Redemption Amount specified in or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of a partial redemption, 
the Early Redemption Amount shall be an amount that is (A) equal to or greater than 
the Minimum Redemption Amount per Certificate and (B) equal to or less than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount per Certificate, and the rights of the Certificateholders 
will, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement for the 
Certificates, be governed by the standard procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System(s) (to be reflected in the records of the relevant Clearing System(s) as a pool 
factor or a reduction in the number of Certificates outstanding or otherwise, at the 
discretion of the relevant Clearing System(s)). All Certificates in respect of which any 
such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Early redemption at the option of Certificateholders 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the holder of any such Certificate, upon the holder of such Certificate 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) (each day 
within such notice period, an "Early Redemption Notification Date") redeem such 
Certificate on the relevant Early Redemption Date(s) at its Early Redemption Amount. 
No such option may be exercised if the Issuer has given notice of redemption of the 
Certificates. If "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Early Redemption Amount will be adjusted to take account of any 
Hedging Costs. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
Payments in respect of Certificates will be made to (i) where the relevant Clearing 
System is Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the common depository for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in whose name the Global W&C Security is 
registered or (ii) otherwise, the relevant Certificateholder's account with the relevant 
Clearing System for value on the relevant date. Payment by the Issuer of any amount 
payable in respect of a Certificate will be subject in all cases to (i) all applicable fiscal 
or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment or other laws and 
regulations to which the Issuer or any Certificate Agent are subject and the rules and 
procedures of the relevant Clearing System(s), (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant Section 871(m) of the 
Code ("871(m) Withholding"). Any such payment to the common depository will 
discharge the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. In addition, in determining the 
amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the 
Certificates, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as 
defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to 
such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding 
otherwise available under applicable law. 
With respect to Certificates that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of 
either an underlying U.S. security (i.e. a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or 
an index that includes U.S. securities, all payments on the Certificates that reference 
such U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by

--- Page 396 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
396 
 
 
reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per 
cent.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be 
deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect 
of the relevant U.S. securities.  The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the 
holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Certificate Agent shall under any circumstances be liable 
for any acts or defaults of any Clearing System in the performance of its duties in 
relation to the Certificates. 
(f) 
Payment Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Certificate is not a Payment Day, 
Certificateholders shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in 
respect of such postponed payment. 
(g) 
Fair market value 
For purposes of determining any amount due on early redemption of the Certificates 
which is calculated by reference to the "fair market value" of a Certificate, the fair 
market value of a Certificate will be determined by the Calculation Agent, by 
reference to such Relevant Information (as defined in Condition  8) as it determines 
appropriate at the relevant time.  
Where the relevant Certificates provide for any minimum amount(s) of cash or assets 
to be payable or deliverable this shall be taken into account in determining the fair 
market value.  However, the Calculation Agent shall reduce (i.e. discount) the value 
of such amounts in determining the fair market value to take into account the length 
of time remaining to the first possible date on which such amount(s) would otherwise 
have been payable or deliverable.  Such discounting may be determined by reference 
to Relevant Information which may include risk free rate(s). 
The Calculation Agent shall also take into account appropriate values for any other 
amount which would or could otherwise have been payable or deliverable under the 
relevant Certificates.  This may include the element of the return on the Certificates 
determined by reference to the relevant assets or reference basis(es) to which the 
Certificates relate (i.e. the derivative element).  The relevant value for this element of 
the Certificates may be determined by reference to the cost at the relevant time of 
entering into a transaction to provide similar amounts. 
(h) 
Hedging Costs 
For the purposes of this Condition  3, "Hedging Costs" means, in respect of the Early 
Redemption Amount, (A) the losses, expenses and costs (if any), including any loss 
of bargain or cost of funding (in which case the Relevant Redemption Amount will be 
adjusted downward to the extent of such losses, expenses and costs, provided that 
the Relevant Redemption Amount shall not be less than zero) or (B) the gain (in 
which case the Relevant Redemption Amount will be adjusted upward to the extent of 
such gain), as the case may be, to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliate of unwinding, 
terminating, liquidating, adjusting, obtaining, replacing or re-establishing any 
underlying or related hedging arrangements (including, but not limited to, any options 
or selling or otherwise realising any instruments of any type whatsoever which the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may hold as part of such hedging arrangements), in 
each case expressed on a par Certificate basis and all as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion.

--- Page 397 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
397 
 
 
4. 
PROCEDURE 
FOR 
EARLY 
REDEMPTION 
AT 
THE 
OPTION 
OF 
THE 
CERTIFICATEHOLDERS 
This Condition only applies to Certificates in respect of which the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies that Investor Put is applicable. 
(a) 
Certificateholder Put Option 
To redeem Certificates early, a duly completed early redemption notice in the form 
and with the content prescribed by the relevant Clearing System(s) through which the 
relevant Certificateholder redeems early its Certificates (an "Early Redemption 
Notice") must be delivered to that relevant Clearing System(s) and a copy sent for 
information purposes to the Principal Certificate Agent or any additional or such other 
Certificate Agent as may be specified for such purpose in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement on or prior to the Cut-off Time on any day that is an Early Redemption 
Notification Date. 
An Early Redemption Notice delivered after the relevant Cut-off Time on the Early 
Redemption Notification Date shall be void. 
Each Early Redemption Notice shall be deemed to constitute an irrevocable election 
and undertaking by the holder of the number of Certificates specified in it to redeem 
early such Certificates. 
Failure to send a copy of the Early Redemption Notice to any relevant Certificate 
Agent will not affect the validity of the Early Redemption Notice and, in the case of 
any discrepancy between the Early Redemption Notice delivered to the relevant 
Clearing System(s) and such copy, the terms of the Early Redemption Notice sent to 
the relevant Clearing System(s) shall prevail. 
(b) 
Verification 
In accordance with its normal operating procedures, the relevant Clearing System(s) 
is expected to verify that, according to its records, each person redeeming 
Certificates has Certificates in the amount being redeemed in its securities account 
with the relevant Clearing System(s) on the Early Redemption Notification Date. If the 
relevant Clearing System(s) or the Principal Certificate Agent determines that an 
Early Redemption Notice is improperly completed or the Clearing System(s) 
determines that the relevant Certificateholder has insufficient Certificates in the 
Clearing System account(s) specified on the Early Redemption Notification Date, the 
Early Redemption Notice will be treated as void. 
(c) 
Notification of Principal Certificate Agent 
The relevant Clearing System(s) is expected to notify the Principal Certificate Agent, 
in accordance with its normal operating procedures, of (i) the number and details of 
Certificates being redeemed early, and (ii) details of the account to which the relevant 
Early Redemption Amount is to be credited. If the relevant Clearing System(s) fails so 
to notify the Principal Certificate Agent, the Early Redemption Notice shall be void 
unless the relevant Clearing System(s) so notifies the Principal Certificate Agent by 
12.00 noon (London time) on the third Business Day after the Early Redemption 
Notification Date. 
(d) 
Debit of Certificateholder's account 
The relevant Clearing System(s) is expected on the relevant Early Redemption Date, 
in accordance with its normal operating procedures, to debit the relevant account of 
the Certificateholder with the Certificate(s) being redeemed early.

--- Page 398 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
398 
 
 
(e) 
Early Redemption subject to applicable laws etc. 
Early redemption of the Certificates and payment by the Issuer of any Early 
Redemption Amount will be subject in all cases to all applicable fiscal and other laws, 
regulations and practices in force at the relevant time (including, without limitation, 
any relevant exchange control laws or regulations and the rules and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System(s)) and neither the Issuer nor any Certificate Agent shall 
incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated 
after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations and 
practices. Neither the Issuer nor any Certificate Agent shall under any circumstances 
be liable for any acts or defaults of any Clearing System(s) in the performance of its 
duties in relation to the Certificates. 
(f) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Early Redemption Notice is duly completed and 
in proper form shall be made by the relevant Clearing System(s), or, as the case may 
be, the Principal Certificate Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, 
the Certificate Agents and the relevant Certificateholder. 
(g) 
Effect of Early Redemption Notice 
Delivery of an Early Redemption Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election and 
undertaking by the Certificateholder to redeem early the Certificates specified therein, 
provided that the person redeeming early and delivering such Early Redemption 
Notice is the person then appearing in the books of the relevant Clearing System(s) 
as the holder of the relevant Certificates. If the person redeeming early and delivering 
the Early Redemption Notice is not the person so appearing, such Early Redemption 
Notice shall for all purposes be void. 
After the delivery of an Early Redemption Notice (other than an Early Redemption 
Notice which shall have become void), the Certificateholder specified in such Early 
Redemption Notice may not otherwise transfer such Certificates. Notwithstanding 
this, if any Certificateholder does so transfer or attempts to transfer such Certificates, 
the Certificateholder will be liable to the Issuer for any losses, costs and expenses 
suffered or incurred by the Issuer including those suffered or incurred as a 
consequence of it having terminated any related hedging operations in reliance on 
the relevant Early Redemption Notice and subsequently (i) entering into replacement 
hedging operations in respect of such Certificates or (ii) paying any amount on the 
subsequent early redemption of such Certificates without having entered into any 
replacement hedging operations. 
5. 
TAXATION 
The Issuer is not liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Certificateholder shall 
pay, any tax, duty, charges, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of, or in 
connection with, the ownership, transfer, redemption or enforcement of any Certificate, 
including, without limitation, the payment of any Early Redemption Amount or Final 
Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall have the right, but not the duty, to withhold or deduct 
from any amount payable to the Certificateholder such amount as is necessary (i) for the 
payment of any such taxes, duties, charges, withholdings or other payments or (ii) for 
effecting reimbursement to the Issuer for any payment by it of any tax, duty, charge, 
withholding or other payment referred to in this Condition.  To the extent that the Final 
Redemption Amount exceeds the Issue Price, the excess represents a commercial rate of 
return in compensation for the use of the Issue Price in full recognition of the risks and 
specific features of the associated underlying assets.

--- Page 399 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
399 
 
 
6. 
PURCHASES BY THE ISSUER 
The Issuer and any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Certificates at any 
price in the open market or by tender or private treaty. Any Certificates so purchased may be 
held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
7. 
CERTIFICATE AGENTS AND CALCULATION AGENT 
(a) 
The names of the Principal Certificate Agent and the other initial Certificate Agents 
and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Certificate Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Certificate Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Certificate Agent acts, provided that there will 
at all times be a Principal Certificate Agent and a Certificate Agent, which may be the 
Principal Certificate Agent and, if and so long as the Certificates are listed on any 
stock exchange, there will at all times be a Certificate Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant listing 
authority or stock exchange. 
In acting under the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement, the Certificate 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any Certificateholders. The Warrants and 
Certificates Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Certificate Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to 
which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
certificate agent. 
(b) 
In relation to each issue of Certificates where there is a Calculation Agent (whether it 
be the Issuer or a third party), it acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not 
assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with the 
Certificateholders. 
8. 
DETERMINATIONS AND CALCULATIONS 
All calculations, determinations, decisions, selections, elections and opinions made by the 
Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) shall be made in its discretion in accordance with 
the Conditions, having regard in each case to criteria stipulated therein, and shall (save in the 
case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer or Calculation Agent (as 
applicable), the Certificate Agents and the Certificateholders. The Calculation Agent may, with 
the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions to a third party as it 
deems appropriate. 
Save as otherwise expressly provided, in considering whether and how to exercise its 
discretion, the Issuer and Calculation Agent (or such third party) shall act in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner.  
In exercising its discretion as described above, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or such 
third party) may take into account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, 
which may include, in particular, any circumstances or events which have or may have a 
material impact on the hedging arrangements (as described below) entered into by the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any other relevant party (each a "Relevant Party") in 
respect of the Certificates. The exercise of the Issuer or Calculation Agent's (or such third 
party's) discretion in respect of the Certificates as provided herein is necessary because 
certain circumstances or events (for example a material modification or disruption to a 
relevant asset(s) to which the Certificates are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance 
of the Certificates which may materially affect the costs to the Relevant Party of maintaining 
the Certificates or any relevant hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may 
not have been reflected in the pricing of the Certificates. In addition, as a result of certain

--- Page 400 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
400 
 
 
circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability or disruption to any reference source) it may no 
longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect of 
any relevant asset(s) to which the Certificates are linked or otherwise in connection with the 
Certificates to be made, thus making it necessary for the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such 
third party) to exercise its discretion in such a case. 
As used in this Condition, hedging arrangements means the arrangements, if any, the 
Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts or assets to be paid or 
delivered under the Certificates as these fall due.  This may involve a Relevant Party 
investing directly in an underlying reference asset or basis. Alternatively, a Relevant Party 
may make an indirect investment by entering into or acquiring a derivative contract 
referencing any relevant asset(s).  Such hedging arrangements may be carried out on a 
portfolio basis (i.e. where the Relevant Party maintains arrangements for hedging the 
Certificates together with other obligations of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates).  A Relevant Party 
will seek to select hedging arrangements which are efficient for it in the context of the tax, 
regulatory and business environment in which it operates, but will do so without having regard 
to the interests of Certificateholders.  A Relevant Party may also adjust hedging 
arrangements from time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes or 
regulatory changes which affect its hedging arrangements.  For the avoidance of doubt, no 
Relevant Party is under any obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if any 
hedging arrangements are entered into, such arrangements will not confer any rights or 
entitlements on any Certificateholder and no Certificateholder will have recourse to any such 
hedging arrangements. 
The Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) will employ the methodology described in 
the Conditions to determine amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Certificates.  
When making any such determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) may in its discretion consider any relevant 
information ("Relevant Information"), which may but is not required to include, without 
limitation, one or more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or 
information sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one 
or more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant 
rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant 
market data in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in  (i) or  (ii) above from internal sources (including 
any Affiliate of the Issuer or Calculation Agent) or other information of a type used by 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) in the regular course of its 
business or in connection with similar transactions. 
Whenever the Issuer or Calculation Agent (or such third party) is required to make any 
determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. Any 
delay, deferral or forbearance by the Issuer or Calculation Agent or such third party in the 
performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under the Certificates 
including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the 
validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion. 
Where specified in the Conditions, notice of any such determination (and details of the 
adjustments made or other actions taken) shall be given to Certificateholders as soon as 
practicable and pursuant to Condition  9 (provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the action taken). 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other persons makes no express or 
implied representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining 
exposure to the Certificates, (ii) the value of the Certificates at any particular time on any

--- Page 401 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
401 
 
 
particular date, or (iii) any amounts that may become payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Certificates. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Certificateholders for 
any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of 
profits) even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Calculation Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any 
holder for any errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the 
Certificates and acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
of its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of 
Certificates including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating 
to any relevant asset(s).  Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may 
contract with the Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the 
Certificates or any relevant asset(s) and as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict 
between its obligations as Calculation Agent and its and/or its Affiliates' interests in other 
capacities. Subject to all regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the Certificates shall owe any duty or responsibility to any Certificateholder to avoid 
any conflict or to act in the interests of any Certificateholder. 
9. 
CORRECTIONS 
In the event that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an underlying reference 
asset for any time on any day which is published or announced by or on behalf of the person 
or entity responsible for such publication or announcement and which is used for any 
calculation or determination made in respect of the Certificates is subsequently corrected, and 
the correction (the "Corrected Level") is published by or on behalf of such person or entity 
within the relevant Correction Period after the original publication (and at least two Business 
Days prior to the relevant date on which a payment or delivery is scheduled to be made under 
the Certificates (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date")), then the Calculation Agent may 
(but need not) deem such Corrected Level to be the level, price, rate or value for the relevant 
underlying reference asset for the relevant time on the relevant day and, in such 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Level in determining any 
amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect of the Certificates. Corrections published after 
the day which is two Business Days prior to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining any such amounts 
payable and/or deliverable under the Certificates. 
Where "Correction Period" means the period of time specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and which may, for the avoidance of doubt, be expressed to be "at any time". If 
no such period is so specified, the Correction Period shall be construed to be 2 Business 
Days. 
10. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent (or any third party) shall have any responsibility 
in respect of any error or omission or subsequent corrections made in the calculation or 
announcement of any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an underlying reference 
asset, whether caused by negligence otherwise. 
11. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
All notices to Certificateholders shall be valid if delivered to the Clearing System(s), 
for communication by them to the Certificateholders. The Issuer shall also ensure that 
the notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and

--- Page 402 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
402 
 
 
regulations of any stock exchange on which the Certificates are for the time being 
listed, including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange if required 
by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the weekday 
following such delivery to the Clearing System(s) or, if published more than once or 
on different dates, on the date of the first such publication. 
(b) 
Any notice to be given by a Certificateholder to the Issuer may be given by such 
Certificateholder to the Principal Certificate Agent through the relevant Clearing 
System(s) in such manner as the Principal Certificate Agent and the relevant Clearing 
System(s) may approve for this purpose. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the day when delivered or, if delivered after 5.00 p.m. in the place of 
location of the Issuer on an Issuer Business Day, will be deemed effective on the next 
following Issuer Business Day. The relevant Certificateholder must provide 
satisfactory evidence to the Issuer of its holding of Certificates which is expected to 
be in the form of certification from the Clearing System(s). 
12. 
MEETINGS OF CERTIFICATEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
(a) 
Meetings 
The Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference 
platform) of the Certificateholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Warrants and 
Certificates Agency Agreement) of a modification of any terms of the Certificates or 
the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement. At least 21 days' notice (exclusive 
of the day on which the notice is given and the day on which the meeting is to be 
held) specifying the date, time and place of the meeting shall be given to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition  9. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer or Certificateholders holding not less than 10 per cent. (by number) of 
the Certificates for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at a meeting of 
the Certificateholders (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution) 
will be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 10 per cent. (by 
number) of the Certificates for the time being remaining outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons holding Certificates or representing 
Certificateholders, whatever the number of Certificates so held or represented. The 
quorum at a meeting of Certificateholders for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per 
cent. (by number) of the Certificates for the time being remaining outstanding or at 
any adjourned meeting two or more persons holding or representing not less than 10 
per cent. (by number) of the Certificates for the time being remaining outstanding. A 
resolution will be an Extraordinary Resolution when it has been passed at a duly 
convened meeting by not less than three-fourths of the votes cast by 
Certificateholders at such meeting as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or by 
proxy. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Certificateholders will be binding 
on all the Certificateholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and 
whether or not they voted on the resolution. Resolutions can be passed in writing if 
passed unanimously. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Certificateholders, modify any terms of the 
Certificates and/or the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement and/or the 
relevant W&C Deed of Covenant in any manner which the Issuer may deem 
necessary or desirable provided that such modification (i) does not, in the 
determination of the Issuer, adversely affect the interests of the Certificateholders in 
any material respect or (ii) is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (iii) is to correct 
a manifest or proven error or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision 
contained herein and/or therein or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. The 
Issuer may modify any terms of the Certificates and/or the Warrants and Certificates

--- Page 403 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
403 
 
 
Agency Agreement and/or the relevant W&C Deed of Covenant in any other manner 
with the prior consent of the requisite majority of Certificateholders as specified in the 
Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement. 
Notice of any such modification will be given to the Certificateholders in accordance 
with Condition  9 but failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the 
validity of any such modification. In connection with such right of modification, the 
Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard to the consequences of the exercise of 
such right for any particular Certificateholder resulting from that Certificateholder 
being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or 
subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory, and no Certificateholder shall be 
entitled to claim from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
or other consequence of any such modification. 
13. 
SUBSTITUTION 
(i) 
The Issuer may, at any time, without the consent of the Certificateholders, substitute 
for itself any company (the "Substitute") being any Affiliate of the Issuer or another 
company with which it consolidates, into which it merges or to which it sells, leases, 
transfers or conveys all or substantially all its property, subject to: 
(A) 
where the Substitute is an Affiliate of the Issuer, the Substitute having a long-
term unsecured debt rating equal to or higher than that of the Issuer given by 
an internationally recognised rating agency or having the benefit of a 
guarantee from the Issuer or another Affiliate of the Issuer with such a debt 
rating; 
(B) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done 
(including the obtaining of necessary consents and regulatory approvals) to 
ensure that the Certificates and the relevant W&C Deed of Covenant 
represent legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute having been 
taken, fulfilled and done, and are in full force and effect;  
(C) 
the Substitute becoming party to the Warrants and Certificates Agency 
Agreement with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been 
an original party to it in place of the Issuer;  
(D) 
such substitution being permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Certificates are listed and each such stock exchange confirming 
that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Certificates will 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(E) 
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in 
England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Certificates; and 
(F) 
the Issuer giving at least 30 days' prior notice of the date of such substitution 
to the holders in accordance with Condition 11. 
(ii) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer shall be deemed 
to be a reference to the Substitute. 
(iii) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition  13(i), the Substitute may, without the 
consent of any holder, effect a further substitution.  All the provisions specified in 
Condition  13(i) or  13(ii) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in the 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or 
include references to any such further Substitute.

--- Page 404 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
404 
 
 
(iv) 
For so long as any Certificates are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange 
shall be notified of any such consolidation, merger or substitution and the 
requirements of such stock exchange in respect of such consolidation, merger or 
substitution shall be complied with. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Certificateholders, 
to create and issue further certificates having terms and conditions the same as the 
Certificates or the same in all respects save for the date of the first Interim Payment thereon 
and the Issue Date and/or the Issue Price and so that the same shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the outstanding Certificates. 
15. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
to enforce any term of this Certificate, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any 
person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement, the SCB W&C Deed of Covenant, 
the SCBHK W&C Deed of Covenant, the SCBSL W&C Deed of Covenant, the 
Certificates and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
Subject as provided below, the English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Certificates, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity, and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Certificates (a 
"Dispute") and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Certificateholder in relation to 
any Dispute, submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
For the purposes of this Condition  16(b), the Issuer hereby waives any objection to 
the English courts on the grounds that they are in an inconvenient or inappropriate 
forum to settle any Dispute. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Certificateholders may, in respect of any Dispute or 
Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with competent jurisdiction and/or (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Where the Issuer is SCBHK or SCBSL, SCBHK or SCBSL, as the case may be, 
irrevocably appoints SCB at its principal office in London at 1 Basinghall Avenue, 
London EC2V 5DD as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the 
English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of SCB at its 
principal office in London being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Dispute. SCBHK or SCBSL, as the case may be, agrees that failure by a process 
agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect 
the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 405 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
405 
 
 
(d) 
Waiver of trial by jury 
WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO CONDITION  16(b), THE ISSUER WAIVES ANY RIGHT 
IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE CERTIFICATES.  THESE CONDITIONS MAY BE FILED 
AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A BENCH TRIAL. 
(e) 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement and the SCBHK 
W&C Deed of Covenant or the SCBSL W&C Deed of Covenant (as applicable) 
submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and, where the Issuer is SCBHK or 
SCBSL, appointed an agent for service of process in terms similar to those set out 
above. 
17. 
REDEMPTION OR ADJUSTMENT FOR AN ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK EVENT 
(a) 
Administrator Benchmark Event 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option):  
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment to the Conditions as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the relevant event or 
circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or 
more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by 
reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made 
in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Certificates and (c) include 
selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the 
Conditions including where applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer 
providing such exposure to the successor benchmark(s) or apply an adjustment cost 
which may be positive or negative and, in the case of more than one successor 
benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. Provided that the 
Calculation Agent has fully determined any adjustments and the related effective date 
pursuant to the above, the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 16, stating the occurrence of the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and giving details thereof and the action proposed to 
be taken in relation thereto; or   
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to achieve a commercially 
reasonable result with any such adjustment or that it is unable to make such 
adjustment, having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 11, on expiry of such notice redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Certificates, each Certificate being redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount as defined herein. 
In determining any adjustments pursuant to (i) above, the Issuer may, without limitation, have 
regard to relevant information (as described in Condition  8 (Determinations and Calculations) 
above), industry developments and market consensus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms 
of the Certificates.  In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could 
apply in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
the Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion.

--- Page 406 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
406 
 
 
(b) 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the Conditions pursuant to  17(a)(i) above (including the determination of 
any adjustment spread or factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent determines 
are necessary or appropriate: 
(i) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable and having regard to relevant 
information (as described in Condition  8 (Determinations and Calculations)), but also 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market); 
(ii) 
(may include, where applicable and without limitation, (I) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining Benchmarks and making payments, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation 
or observation period of a Benchmark and the related payment dates and other 
administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides are appropriate, (II) the 
application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread (which may be positive or 
negative) and (III) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of 
providing exposure to the replacement or successor Benchmark(s); and 
(iii) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement 
Benchmark which, unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be 
the relevant Benchmark in relation to the then current and all future determination 
days. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of this Condition 17, the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all 
actions in respect of the Certificates as are provided for in connection with an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, notwithstanding that such Administrator/Benchmark Event 
may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Certificates. 
(c) 
Regulatory Obligations 
If the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or regulation to 
determine and calculate a replacement interest rate or make any other determination 
or adjustment in accordance with this Condition  17 (or it would be unlawful were a 
determination to be made at that time); or 
(ii) 
it would contrive contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine a 
replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in 
accordance with this Condition  17 (or it would contravene those licensing requirments 
were a determination to be made at that time); or 
(iii) 
any adjustment spread (howsoever described) is or would be a benchmark index or 
other price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would 
subject the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory 
obligations which it is unwilling to undertake,  
then the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to make the relevant determination or 
adjustment and may instead take any alternative action under the Conditions as it determines 
appropriate. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of this Condition  17, the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all 
actions in respect of the Certificates as are provided for in connection with an

--- Page 407 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
407 
 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, notwithstanding that such Administrator/Benchmark Event 
may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
(d) 
No duty monitor 
In relation to any relevant Benchmark and for the purposes of applying the provisions referred 
to in this Condition  17, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will have any duty to 
monitor or enquire as to whether any relevant event or circumstance in respect of any such 
Benchmark has occurred to which such provisions might apply. 
(e) 
Definitions 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will 
be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body, in each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or 
any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use 
the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Certificates or 
(3) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the Certificates from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, or 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a 
result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or 
maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Certificates and for any reason such licence is either 
not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining 
or renewing such licence) or (4) there has been a public statement or publication of 
information by the the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Benchmark, any national, 
regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) 
supervising the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Benchmark or (b) regulating the 
relevant Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark or another official 
body with applicable responsibility announcing that such Benchmark is no longer 
representative, or as of a specified future date will no longer be representative, of any 
underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored or (5) the relevant Benchmark is the subject of any 
market-wide development in the over-the-counter derivatives market (which may be in the 
form of a protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which 
such Benchmark is or will be replaced with a replacement rate with respect to over-the-
counter derivatives transactions which reference such Benchmark. 
"Benchmark" means any figure, level, rate or value by reference to which any amount 
payable or deliverable under the Certificates, or the value of the Certificates, is determined in 
whole or in part (including, without limitation, any benchmark, as defined in the BMR), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark;  
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of or it is otherwise not 
permitted to use such Benchmark in respect of the Certificates or any related hedging

--- Page 408 ---
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
 
408 
 
 
arrangements in respect of the Notes which are derivative transactions referencing 
the relevant Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) or Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018), in each case, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 409 ---
PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
409 
 
 
PRODUCT TERMS 
 
The Product Terms are set out on the following pages.

--- Page 410 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
410 
 
 
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
Interpretation 
(a) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Warrants, the terms and 
conditions applicable to Equity Linked Warrants or Market Access Product Warrants shall 
comprise the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants (the "Warrants Conditions") 
and the Equity and Market Access Product Terms (the "Equity and Market Access Product 
Terms"), in each case subject to completion by the Final Terms or, in respect of Exempt 
Warrants, completion and/or amendment by the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the event 
of any inconsistency between the Warrants Conditions and the Equity and Market Access 
Product Terms, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Warrants Conditions and the Equity and Market Access Product 
Terms and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall prevail. In respect 
of the Warrants, references in the Equity and Market Access Product Terms to (i) "Securities" 
are to the Warrants and "Exempt Securities" are to Exempt Warrants, (ii) "Securityholders" 
are to the Warrantholders, (iii) "General Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the 
Warrants Conditions, (iv) "these Terms and Conditions" are to the Warrants Conditions as 
amended and/or supplemented by the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and (v) 
"Relevant Agents" are to the Principal Warrant Agent and any other Warrant Agent (as 
applicable). 
(b) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Notes, the terms and 
conditions applicable to Equity Linked Notes or Market Access Product Notes shall comprise 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Notes Conditions") and the Equity and 
Market Access Product Terms set out below (the "Equity and Market Access Product 
Terms"), in each case subject to completion by the applicable Final Terms or, in respect of 
Exempt Notes, completion and/or amendment by the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the Notes Conditions and the Equity and Market Access 
Product Terms, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Notes Conditions and the Equity and Market Access Product 
Terms and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall prevail. In respect 
of the Notes, references in the Equity and Market Access Product Terms to (i) "Securities" are 
to the Notes and "Exempt Securities" are to Exempt Notes, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the 
Noteholders, (iii) "General Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the Notes Conditions, (iv) 
"these Terms and Conditions" are to the Notes Conditions as amended and/or supplemented 
by the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and (v) "Relevant Agents" are to the Paying 
Agents and the Registrar (as applicable). 
(c) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to Certificates, the 
terms and conditions applicable to Equity Linked Certificates or Market Access Product 
Certificates shall comprise the General Terms and Conditions of the Certificates under the 
Programme (the "Certificates Conditions") and the Equity and Market Access Product 
Terms, in each case subject to completion and/or amendment by the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Certificates Conditions and the 
Equity and Market Access Product Terms, the Equity and Market Access Product Terms shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Certificates Conditions and the 
Equity and Market Access Product Terms and (ii) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement shall prevail. In respect of the Certificates, references in the 
Equity and Market Access Product Terms to (i) "Securities" and "Exempt Securities" are to 
Certificates, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the Certificateholders, (iii) "General Condition" or 
"General Conditions" are to the Certificates Conditions, (iv) "these Terms and Conditions" are 
to the Certificates Conditions as amended and/or supplemented by the Equity and Market 
Access Product Terms and (v) "Relevant Agents" are to the Principal Certificate Agent and 
any other Certificate Agent (as applicable). 
(d) 
Terms used in the Equity and Market Access Product Terms but not defined herein shall have 
the meanings set out in the relevant General Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 411 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
411 
 
 
1. 
POTENTIAL ADJUSTMENT EVENTS, DE-LISTING, MERGER EVENT, TENDER OFFER, 
NATIONALISATION, INSOLVENCY, ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS, ETF FUND 
TERMINATION 
EVENT, 
underlying 
share 
event, 
FUND 
EVENT 
AND 
INDEX 
ADJUSTMENT EVENTS 
(i) 
If Potential Adjustment Events are specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, following the declaration by an Asset Issuer of the terms of any Potential 
Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Underlying Asset and, if so, will (i) either (a) make the corresponding 
adjustment to the calculation of the relevant Underlying Asset price or any amount 
payable under the Securities (which may include the substitution of an Asset Issuer 
with another company or companies or fund(s) or depositary and/or underlying share 
company (as the case may be), irrespective of whether such company or companies 
or fund(s) or depositary and/or underlying share company (as the case may be) are 
then currently used for the purposes of the calculation of amounts payable under the 
Securities) and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account 
for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustment will be made to 
account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relative to the relevant Underlying Asset) or (b) issue additional Securities with a view 
to preserve the direct economic link between the value of the Underlying Asset and 
the value of the Securities and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by 
reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by 
an options exchange to options on the Underlying Asset traded on that options 
exchange and/or, in the case of an Underlying Asset that is a Depositary Receipt, to 
any adjustment made by the Depositary under the Deposit Agreement. 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, stating 
the adjustment made to these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
(ii) 
If De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation and/or Insolvency is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then if a De-listing, Merger 
Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency occurs in relation to an Underlying 
Asset, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, may: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment, if any, as it 
determines appropriate to the calculation of the relevant Underlying Asset 
price or any amount payable under the Securities (which may include the 
substitution of an Asset Issuer with another company or companies or fund(s) 
or depository and/or underlying share company (as the case may be), 
irrespective of whether such company or companies or fund(s) or depositary 
and/or underlying share company (as the case may be) are then currently 
used for the purposes of the calculation of amounts payable under the 
Securities) and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Issue Terms to account for the De-listing, Merger 
Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, and 
(ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to achieve a commercially 
reasonable result with any such adjustment or that it is unable to make such 
an adjustment, having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, redeem or cancel 
the Securities by paying an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
representing their fair market value on such day as the Calculation Agent 
shall select.

--- Page 412 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
412 
 
 
If the provisions of paragraph  1(ii)(A) above apply, the Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of the De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or Insolvency 
made by an options exchange to options on the Underlying Asset traded on that 
options exchange and/or, in the case of an Underlying Asset that is a Depositary 
Receipt, to any adjustment made by the Depositary under the Deposit Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of (if applicable) a De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, stating 
the occurrence of the De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation or 
Insolvency, as the case may be, and giving details thereof and the action proposed to 
be taken in relation thereto. 
(iii) 
If "Change in Law" or "Insolvency Filing" is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then, upon the occurrence of such an event, the Issuer may, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice 
to Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, redeem or cancel the 
Securities by paying an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as representing 
their fair market value on such day as the Calculation Agent shall select. 
(iv) 
If "Failure to Deliver" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then, 
upon the occurrence of such an event, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
may: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment, if any, as it 
determines appropriate to the calculation of the relevant Underlying Asset 
price or any amount payable under the Securities (which may include the 
substitution of an Asset Issuer with another company or companies or fund(s) 
or depositary and/or underlying share company (as the case may be), 
irrespective of whether such company or companies or fund(s) or depositary 
and/or underlying share company (as the case may be) are then currently 
used for the purposes of the calculation of amounts payable under the 
Securities and/or any of the other terms of the Conditions) to account for the 
Failure to Deliver and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to achieve a commercially 
reasonable result with any such adjustment or that it is unable to make such 
an adjustment, having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, redeem or cancel 
the Securities by paying an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
representing their fair market value on such day as the Calculation Agent 
shall select. 
If the provisions of paragraph  1(iv)(A) above apply, the Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of the Failure to Deliver made by an options exchange to options on the 
Underlying Asset traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the occurrence of (if applicable) a Failure to Deliver, the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with the 
General Conditions, stating the occurrence of the Failure to Deliver and giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(v) 
If "Hedging Disruption" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Issuer shall have the right to give notice of such Hedging Disruption in 
accordance with the General Conditions at any time to the Securityholders. The 
Issuer shall state in such notice whether the Securities will be terminated pursuant to 
paragraph  1(v)(A) or whether the Issuer's obligations under the Securities will be

--- Page 413 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
413 
 
 
suspended pursuant to paragraph  1(v)(B). If the Issuer elects to give notice to 
Securityholders of a suspension of its obligations under the Securities pursuant to 
paragraph  1(v)(B), the Issuer shall nevertheless retain the right at all times to 
terminate the Securities pursuant to paragraph  1(v)(A) by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions. 
(A) 
Upon the Issuer's election to terminate the Securities as aforesaid (or upon 
expiry of the 10 day period referred to in paragraph  1(v)(B), the Issuer will, in 
respect of each and every Security, cause to be paid to the Securityholder an 
amount determined to be the fair market value of the Security as at 
termination (which may be zero) taking into consideration all information 
which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including the circumstances that 
resulted in the occurrence of the Hedging Disruption) less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any related hedging arrangements 
(including, but not limited to, selling or otherwise realising the Underlying 
Asset(s) or any options or futures contracts in relation to the Underlying 
Asset(s) or any options or futures contracts in relation to the Index/Indices or 
any other such property), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Upon the Issuer's election to suspend the Securities, the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the Securities may be suspended up until the tenth day after the 
event causing such Hedging Disruption shall cease to exist. 
(vi) 
If "Loss of Stock Borrow" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then, 
upon the occurrence of such an event, the Issuer, in its discretion, may: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment, if any, as it 
determines appropriate to the calculation of the relevant Underlying Asset 
price or any amount payable under the Securities (which may include the 
substitution of an Asset Issuer with another company or companies or 
depositary and/or underlying share company (as the case may be), 
irrespective of whether such company or companies or depositary and/or 
underlying share company (as the case may be) are then currently used for 
the purposes of the calculation of amounts payable under the Securities 
and/or any of the other Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms) to account for the Loss of Stock Borrow and (ii) determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to achieve a commercially 
reasonable result with any such adjustment or that it is unable to make such 
an adjustment, having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, redeem or cancel 
the Securities by paying an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
representing their fair market value on such day as the Calculation Agent 
shall select. 
If the provisions of paragraph  1(vi)(A) above apply, the Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of the Loss of Stock Borrow made by an options exchange to options on the 
Underlying Asset traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the occurrence of (if applicable) a Loss of Stock Borrow, the Calculation Agent 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with the 
General Conditions, stating the occurrence of Loss of Stock Borrow and giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(vii) 
If "Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then, upon the occurrence of such an event, the Issuer, in its discretion, may:

--- Page 414 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
414 
 
 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment, if any, as it 
determines appropriate to the calculation of the relevant Underlying Asset 
price or any amount payable under the Securities (which may include the 
substitution of an Asset Issuer with another company or companies or fund(s) 
or depositary and/or underlying share company (as the case may be), 
irrespective of whether such company or companies or fund(s) or depositary 
and/or underlying share company (as the case may be) are then currently 
used for the purposes of the calculation of amounts payable under the 
Securities and/or any of the other Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms) to account for the Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to achieve a commercially 
reasonable result with any such adjustment or that it is unable to make such 
an adjustment, having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, redeem or cancel 
the Securities by paying an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
representing their fair market value on such day as the Calculation Agent 
shall select. 
If the provisions of paragraph  1(vii)(A) above apply, the Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of the Increased Cost of Stock Borrow made by an options exchange to 
options on the Underlying Asset traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the occurrence of (if applicable) an Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with the General Conditions, stating the occurrence of the Increased Cost 
of Stock Borrow and giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. 
(viii) 
If "Increased Cost of Hedging" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then, upon the occurrence of such an event, the Issuer, in its discretion, may: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment, if any, as it 
determines appropriate to the calculation of the relevant Underlying Asset 
price, the level of the Index or any amount payable under the Securities 
(which may include the substitution of an Asset Issuer or Index with another 
company, companies, fund(s) or Index or depositary and/or underlying share 
company (as the case may be), irrespective of whether such company, 
companies, fund(s) or Index or depositary and/or underlying share company 
(as the case may be) are then currently used for the purposes of the 
calculation of amounts payable under the Securities) to account for and pass 
on to Securityholders the Increased Cost of Hedging and (ii) determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to achieve a commercially 
reasonable result with any such adjustment or that it is unable to make such 
an adjustment, having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, redeem or cancel 
the Securities by paying an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
representing their fair market value on such day as the Calculation Agent 
shall select. 
If the provisions of paragraph  1(viii)(A) apply, the Calculation Agent may (but need 
not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect 
of the Increased Cost of Hedging made by an options exchange to options on the 
Underlying Asset or Index traded on that options exchange.

--- Page 415 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
415 
 
 
Upon the occurrence of (if applicable) an Increased Cost of Hedging, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with the General Conditions, stating the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging 
and giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(ix) 
If one or more of the Underlying Assets is an ETF Security and "ETF Fund 
Termination Event" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then, upon 
the occurrence of such an event, the Issuer, in its discretion, may: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment, if any, as it 
determines appropriate to the calculation of the relevant Underlying Asset 
price or any amount payable under the Securities (which may include the 
substitution of an Asset Issuer with another depositary receipt and/or 
underlying share company), irrespective of whether such depositary receipt 
and/or underlying share company are then currently used for the purposes of 
the calculation of amounts payable under the Securities and/or any of the 
other Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms) to account 
for the ETF Fund Termination Event and (ii) determine the effective date of 
that adjustment; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to achieve a commercially 
reasonable result with any such adjustment or that it is unable to make such 
an adjustment, having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, redeem or cancel 
the Securities by paying an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
representing their fair market value on such day as the Calculation Agent 
shall select. 
If the provisions of paragraph  1(x)(A) below apply, the Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of the ETF Fund Termination Event made by an options exchange to options 
on the Underlying Asset traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the occurrence of (if applicable) an ETF Fund Termination Event, the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with the General Conditions, stating the occurrence of the ETF Fund 
Termination Event and giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. 
(x) 
If one or more of the Underlying Assets is a Depositary Receipt Security and 
"Underlying Share Event" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then, 
upon the occurrence of such an event, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
may: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to (i) make such adjustment, if any, as it 
determines appropriate to the calculation of the relevant Underlying Asset 
price or any amount payable under the Securities (which may include the 
substitution of an Asset Issuer with another depositary and/or underlying 
share company irrespective of whether such depositary and/or underlying 
share company are then currently used for the purposes of the calculation of 
amounts payable under the Securities and/or any of the other Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms) to account for the Underlying 
Termination Event and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to make such an 
adjustment, having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, redeem or cancel 
the Securities by paying an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as

--- Page 416 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
416 
 
 
representing their fair market value on such day as the Calculation Agent 
shall select. 
If the provisions of paragraph  1(x)(A) above apply, the Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of the Underlying Share Event made by an options exchange to options on 
the Underlying Asset traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the occurrence of (if applicable) an Underlying Share Event, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with the General Conditions, stating the occurrence of the Underlying Share Event 
and giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(xi) 
Adjustments to an Index 
(A) 
Successor Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Sponsor 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms but is calculated and announced by a 
successor sponsor (the "Successor Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent or (B) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method 
of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that 
index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the relevant Index. 
(B) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (A) on or prior to any Valuation Date or (if applicable) an Averaging Date, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Sponsor makes or 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies 
that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and 
capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other routine events) (an "Index 
Modification") or permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index 
exists (an "Index Cancellation"), or (B) a relevant Index or its Sponsor or 
calculating entity (which may be the Issuer or an Affiliate) or any issue of 
Securities is subject to any regulation, law, guidelines, code, rules or 
principles (an "Index Regulation") which, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Sponsor or calculating entity or Issuer as applicable, 
may not be able to comply with in full or which may affect the availability or 
publication of the Index or which may lead to a cost or an additional cost for 
the Issuer in connection with the Securities referencing the Index (an "Index 
Regulation Event"), or (C) on any Valuation Date or (if applicable) an 
Averaging Date, the Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Sponsor fails to 
calculate and announce a relevant Index (an "Index Disruption" and, 
together with an Index Modification, an Index Cancellation and an Index 
Regulation Event, each an "Index Adjustment Event") then (x) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the Reference Price 
and any other prices or levels relevant to the Securities and make such 
determinations as may be appropriate using, in lieu of a published level for 
that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Valuation Date or (if applicable) an Averaging Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, 
but using only those Index Components that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event, (y) the Calculation Agent 
shall replace the affected Index with another index selected by the

--- Page 417 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
417 
 
 
Calculation Agent at its discretion or (z) if the Calculation Agent determines 
that it is unable to achieve a commercially reasonable result with any such 
adjustment or that it is unable to make such an adjustment, the Issuer may, 
having given not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, redeem the 
Securities at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as representing 
their fair market value on such day as the Calculation Agent shall select. 
Any such adjustments may take into account and pass on to Securityholders 
any increased direct or indirect cost to the Issuer as a result of or in 
connection with the relevant Index Adjustment Event including, without 
limitation, any tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other charge whatsoever 
(including, but not limited to, a change in tax consequences) for the Issuer. 
(C) 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of an adjustment to an Index as set out above, the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders 
in accordance with the General Conditions and giving details of the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
2. 
FUND EVENTS 
Upon the occurrence of a Fund Event, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such determinations and/or adjustments to 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Pricing Supplement as it 
determines appropriate to account for the Fund Event which may include, without 
limitation: 
(A) 
delaying any determination until it determines that no Fund Event exists; 
and/or 
(B) 
using an estimated or modified value of a Fund Interest taking into account 
the occurrence or existence of the relevant Fund Event, prevailing market 
conditions, and by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate 
which may include, without limitation, the last communicated official and/or 
estimated net asset value(s) of the relevant Fund; and/or 
(C) 
making corresponding adjustments, if any, to any one or more of any of these 
Terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Pricing Supplement (which 
may include, without limitation, delaying any date for payment under the 
Securities) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for 
the relevant Fund Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; 
and/or 
(D) 
in case of a Fund Potential Adjustment Event replace all or part of the 
affected Fund Interest by the kind and number of units or other securities and 
property received upon such subdivision, consolidation, reclassification, 
distribution, dividend, issue, repurchase or other relevant event by a holder of 
Fund Interests (and, without limitation, this may include electing to treat Spin-
off Fund Interests as additional Fund Interests) for the purposes of 
determining the value of the Fund Interest (and as appropriate make 
corresponding replacements of the issuer of the relevant Fund) and make 
any adjustment (if necessary) to the value of such Fund Interest and 
corresponding appropriate adjustments to any of the other of these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the applicable Pricing Supplement that the Calculation 
Agent considers relevant; and/or

--- Page 418 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
418 
 
 
(E) 
if "Fund Replacement following Fund Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, at its option replacing the affected Fund 
Interest (the "Affected Fund Interest") with a replacement fund interest (the 
"Replacement Fund Interest") in a fund which in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent has similar characteristics, investment objectives and 
policies to those applicable to the Fund to which the Affected Fund Interest 
relates immediately prior to the occurrence of the Fund Event.  Such 
replacement shall be made on terms that the value of the Replacement Fund 
Interests at or about the time of the replacement shall have a reported value 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as near as reasonably practicable 
equal to the Removal Value for the Affected Fund Interest less any costs, 
taxes and expenses incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or 
agents in relation to such Fund replacement (including costs, taxes and 
expenses incurred in relation to any hedging arrangements entered into by 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents in connection therewith). If the 
Calculation Agent replaces an Affected Fund Interest with a Replacement 
Fund Interest, such replacement shall take effect on the first reasonably 
practicable date following the Removal Date for such Affected Fund Interest 
on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor could 
acquire the Replacement Fund Interest in full; and/or 
(F) 
determining that the Reference Price for such Affected Fund Interest on the 
Removal Date shall be the Removal Value for an Affected Fund Interest and 
the Reference Price for such Affected Fund Interest for each day following 
the Removal Date shall be such Removal Value plus interest (compounded 
on a daily basis from (and including) the Removal Date to but excluding such 
day) and accrued at an overnight rate relating to the currency of 
denomination of the Affected Fund Interest, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to achieve a commercially 
reasonable result with any such adjustment or that it is not reasonably practicable to 
make any adjustment as described in  (i) above or the Issuer so elects as an 
alternative to  (i) above and  (iii) below, having given not less than the Minimum Period 
(as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) and not more than the Maximum 
Period (if any and as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) of notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, either: 
(A) 
redeem or cancel all the Securities by paying an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as representing their fair market value less any costs, 
taxes and expenses incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or 
agents in relation to such early redemption or cancellation (including costs, 
taxes and expenses incurred in relation to any hedging arrangements 
entered into by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents in connection 
therewith) on such day as the Calculation Agent shall select; or 
(B) 
redeem or cancel such portion of all the Securities which corresponds to the 
Fund Interests (or portion thereof) which are affected by the Fund Event by 
paying their pro rata share of the available cash proceeds which the 
Calculation Agent determines could be realised by a Hypothetical Investor 
following such determination and in accordance with the timing of such 
proceeds payable to such Hypothetical Investor (or such other amount as 
reflects the contribution of such Fund Interest(s) to the Securities) less any 
costs, taxes and expenses incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or 
agents in relation to such early redemption or cancellation (including costs, 
taxes and expenses incurred in relation to any hedging arrangements 
entered into by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents in connection 
therewith). In respect of the remaining portion of the Securities, the Issuer 
may at its option require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments as

--- Page 419 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
419 
 
 
it determines appropriate to account for the Fund Event and such partial 
redemption or cancellation; or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to achieve a commercially 
reasonable result with any such adjustment or that it is not reasonably practicable to 
make any adjustments as provided in  (i) above or the Issuer so elects as an 
alternative to  (i) and  (ii) above, elect that the provisions of Equity and Market Access 
Product Term  7 below shall apply to the Securities. 
Following the determination of a Fund Event, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, stating the 
occurrence of the Fund Event and giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
For the avoidance of doubt nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall require the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer or any of their Affiliates or agents to monitor any Fund on an 
on-going basis and no representation (express or implied) is made that there will be any such 
monitoring. 
3. 
FORCE MAJEURE 
If "Force Majeure Event" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
provisions in this paragraph  3 shall apply: 
(i) 
Notice of Force Majeure Event 
The Issuer shall have the right to give notice in accordance with the General 
Conditions at any time to the Securityholders if it determines that any of the following 
events (each a "Force Majeure Event") has occurred: 
(A) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities has become 
unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance by the Issuer with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority (as defined 
below) or otherwise; 
(B) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities is prevented 
or materially hindered or delayed due to either (1) any act, law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, directive, interpretation, decree or material 
legislative or administrative interference of any Government Authority or 
otherwise, or (2) the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, 
political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration 
and/or protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other 
causes or impediments beyond such party's control; 
(C) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible (1) for the Issuer, any of its 
relevant Affiliates or agents or, in respect of Market Access Product 
Securities, any Qualified Investor to convert any relevant currency (a "Local 
Currency") in which the relevant Underlying Asset/Index/Fund Interest or 
traded instruments or any options or futures contracts or other hedging 
arrangement in relation to the Underlying Asset/Index/Fund Interest (for the 
purposes of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities) are 
denominated, traded or settled into the Specified Currency or to exchange or 
repatriate any funds in a Local Currency or the Specified Currency outside of 
any relevant jurisdiction, including any country in which the relevant 
Underlying Asset/Index/Fund Interest or any options or futures contracts in 
relation to the Underlying Asset/Index/Fund Interest are traded, in each case 
for any reason including without limitation due to the adoption of, or any 
change in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or

--- Page 420 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
420 
 
 
decree of any Government Authority or any illiquidity in the relevant foreign 
exchange or currency market(s) or otherwise, or (2) for the Calculation Agent 
to determine a rate or (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) a 
commercially reasonable rate at which a Local Currency can be exchanged 
for the Specified Currency or vice versa; 
(D) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer, any of its 
relevant Affiliates or agents or, in respect of Market Access Product 
Securities, any Qualified Investor or the Issuer, any of its relevant Affiliates or 
agents or, in respect of Market Access Product Securities, any Qualified 
Investor is otherwise unable, to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal in (or to 
continue to do so in the future) an Underlying Asset/Index/Fund Interest or 
any options or futures contracts in relation to an Underlying Asset/Index/Fund 
Interest in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Securities 
or in respect of any relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the 
Securities (including, without limitation, any purchase, sale or entry into or 
holding of one or more securities positions, currency positions, stock loan 
transactions, derivatives positions or other instruments or arrangements 
(however described) by the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates or agents) in order 
to hedge, either individually or on a portfolio basis, the Securities) or the 
costs of so doing would (in the absolute determination of the Calculation 
Agent) be materially increased as compared to the costs at or about the first 
Trade Date of the Securities; 
(E) 
in respect of Market Access Product Securities, the performance of the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities or the performance by the Issuer, 
any of its relevant Affiliates or agents or, in respect of Market Access 
Products, any Qualified Investor, of its obligations under any relevant hedging 
arrangements in connection with the Securities has become impracticable, 
illegal or impossible due to any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, 
nationalisation or other action taken or threatened by any Government 
Authority that deprives the Issuer, any of its relevant Affiliates or agents or, in 
respect of Market Access Products, any Qualified Investor of all or 
substantially all of its assets in the Local Currency jurisdiction;  
(F) 
any other event beyond the control of the Issuer which makes it 
impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Securities or to hedge effectively its obligations under the 
Securities or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) be materially increased as compared to the costs at or 
about the first Trade Date of the Securities; or 
(G) 
any other Additional Force Majeure Event specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
If an event which would otherwise (but for this provision) constitute a Force Majeure 
Event also constitutes a Market Disruption Event, then, unless "Market Disruption 
Event prevails" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, it will be 
deemed to be a Market Disruption Event and will not constitute a Force Majeure 
Event. For the avoidance of doubt, if an event which would otherwise (but for this 
provision) constitute a Force Majeure Event also constitutes a Potential Adjustment 
Event, De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency, Change in 
Law, Failure to Deliver, Insolvency Filing, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Loss of Stock Borrow, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, ETF Fund 
Termination Event or Fund Event (each a "Relevant Adjustment Event"), then, 
unless "Relevant Adjustment Event prevails" is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, it will be deemed to be a Relevant Adjustment Event and will 
not constitute a Force Majeure Event.

--- Page 421 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
421 
 
 
(ii) 
Issuer's Option following a Force Majeure Event 
If the Issuer decides to give notice to Securityholders of the occurrence of a Force 
Majeure Event pursuant to this paragraph  3, it shall state in such notice whether the 
Securities will be terminated pursuant to paragraph  3(iii) or whether the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities will be suspended pursuant to paragraph  3(iv). If the 
Issuer elects to give notice to Securityholders of a suspension of its obligations under 
the Securities pursuant to paragraph  3(iv), the Issuer shall nevertheless retain the 
right at all times to terminate the Securities pursuant to paragraph  3(iii) by giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions. 
(iii) 
Termination 
Upon the Issuer's election to terminate the Securities as aforesaid (or upon expiry of 
the 10 day period referred to in paragraph  3(iv), the Issuer will, in respect of each 
Security, cause to be paid to the Securityholder an amount determined to be the fair 
market value of the Security as at termination (which may be zero) taking into 
consideration all information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including 
the circumstances that resulted in the occurrence of the Force Majeure Event) less 
the proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any 
related hedging arrangements (including, but not limited to, selling or otherwise 
realising the Underlying Asset(s), Fund Interest(s), Index/Indices or any options or 
futures contracts in relation to the Underlying Asset(s) or Index/Indices or any other 
such property), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. At the election of the 
Issuer, such payment may be made in the Local Currency in the Relevant 
Jurisdiction, in which case each Securityholder will have responsibility for establishing 
an account in the Relevant Jurisdiction in order to receive such payments; provided 
that if it is impracticable, illegal  or impossible for the Issuer to pay such amount in the 
Relevant Jurisdiction or the relevant Securityholder does not establish the necessary 
account in the Relevant Jurisdiction to receive payment(s) in the currency the Issuer 
elects, the Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of any such amounts so 
affected, as applicable. Payment will be made, as the case may be, in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions 
including, if required, in an alternative currency. 
(iv) 
Suspension 
Upon the Issuer's election to suspend the Securities, the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of the Securities may be suspended up until the tenth day after such Force 
Majeure Event shall cease to exist. No additional interest or other amount will be 
payable as a result of such suspension. 
(v) 
Loss 
No Securityholder will be entitled to any compensation from the Issuer for any loss 
suffered as a result of the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other 
political subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign 
exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining 
to government. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" has the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms and if it is 
not specified, it will mean the jurisdiction determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 422 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
422 
 
 
4. 
PHYSICAL DELIVERY 
(i) 
Physical Delivery upon redemption of Securities (other than Warrants) 
THIS PARAGRAPH  4(i) IS APPLICABLE TO NOTES AND CERTIFICATES WHICH 
ARE LINKED TO UNDERLYING ASSETS ONLY 
If Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Securities (other than Warrants) that relate to a single Underlying Asset or a Basket 
of Underlying Assets, then, in order to obtain delivery of the Asset Amount(s) in 
respect of any such Security and subject (where applicable) to certification that the 
relevant Securityholder is either (a) not a U.S. person or a person within the United 
States or (b) in certain circumstances, a QIB: 
(A) 
if such Security is represented by a Global W&C Security (In the case of a 
Certificate) or a Global Note (in the case of a Note) (each a "Global 
Security"), the relevant Securityholder must deliver to the relevant Clearing 
System(s), with a copy to the Issuer and not later than the close of business 
in each place of receipt on the Cut-Off Date (as specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement), a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice; or 
(B) 
if such Security is a Note in definitive form, the relevant Securityholder must 
deliver (i) if this is a Bearer Note, to any Paying Agent or (ii) if this is a 
Registered Note, to the Registrar or any Paying Agent, in each case, with a 
copy to the Issuer and not later than the close of business in each place of 
receipt on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
Forms of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours 
from the specified office of the Relevant Agent. 
Unless otherwise specified, in the case of Exempt Securities, in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, an Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Security is 
represented by a Global Security, in such manner as is acceptable to the relevant 
Clearing System(s), as the case may be, which is expected to be by authenticated 
SWIFT message or tested telex or (ii) if such Security is in definitive form, in writing or 
by tested telex. 
If this Security is in definitive form, this Security must be delivered together with the 
duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
An Asset Transfer Notice must: 
(1) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder, the person from 
whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the Asset Amount; 
(2) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, specify the 
nominal amount of Notes or the number of Certificates which are the subject 
of such notice and the number of the Securityholder's account at the relevant 
Clearing System(s) to be debited with such Securities and irrevocably instruct 
and authorise to debit the relevant Securityholder's account with such 
Securities on or before the Delivery Date (as defined below); 
(3) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of 
Securities represented by a Global Security, an authority to debit a specified 
account of the Securityholder at the relevant Clearing System(s) in respect 
thereof and to pay such Delivery Expenses; 
(4) 
specify an account to which dividends (if any) payable pursuant to this 
paragraph  4 or any other cash amounts specified in these Terms and

--- Page 423 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
423 
 
 
Conditions and/or the applicable Pricing Supplement as being payable are to 
be paid; 
(5) 
include an undertaking to provide such various forms of certification in 
respect of selling and transfer restrictions under the securities, commodities 
and other laws of the United States of America or other jurisdictions as 
indicated and set out in these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (including that the relevant Securityholder is either (a) not 
a U.S. person or a person within the United States or (b) in certain 
circumstances, a QIB); and 
(6) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant 
Clearing System(s) or the Relevant Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. 
After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not 
transfer the Securities which are the subject of such notice. 
In the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, upon receipt of an Asset 
Transfer Notice, the relevant Clearing System(s) shall verify that the person specified 
therein as the Securityholder is the holder of the specified nominal amount of 
Securities according to its books. 
Failure to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice properly may result in such 
notice being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice 
has been properly completed and delivered as provided in these Terms and 
Conditions shall be made, in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, 
by the relevant Clearing System(s) after consultation with the Issuer and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Securityholder and, in the case 
of Securities in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, after consultation with the Issuer, and shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer and the relevant Securityholder. 
Securities of the same Securityholder in respect of which an Asset Amount is due and 
payable at the same time, will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
aggregate Asset Amounts in respect of such Securities, provided that the aggregate 
Asset Amounts will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset 
or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine. Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of 
each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and, in lieu 
thereof, an amount in the Specified Currency which shall be the value of the amount 
of the Relevant Assets so rounded down, as calculated by the Calculation Agent from 
such source(s) as it may select (converted if necessary into the Specified Currency 
by reference to such exchange rate as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate) 
shall be paid to the Securityholder. 
Delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of each Security shall be made on the 
Maturity Date (such date, subject to adjustment as provided below, the "Delivery 
Date") at the risk of the relevant Securityholder in such commercially reasonable 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine and notify to the person designated 
by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. All Delivery Expenses 
arising from the delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of such Security shall be for 
the account of the relevant Securityholder and no delivery of the Asset Amount shall 
be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer 
by the relevant Securityholder. The Issuer shall not be obliged to make or procure 
any delivery if to do so would breach any applicable securities or other relevant laws. 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein with a 
copy to the Issuer by later than the close of business in each place of receipt on the

--- Page 424 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
424 
 
 
Cut-Off Date, then the Asset Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable after the 
Maturity Date (in which case such date of delivery shall be the Delivery Date) at the 
risk of such Securityholder in the manner provided above. For the avoidance of 
doubt, in such circumstances, such Securityholder shall not be entitled to any 
payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Delivery Date falling 
after the originally designated Delivery Date and no liability in respect thereof shall 
attach to the Issuer. 
If a Securityholder fails in respect of any Securities, on or before the date falling 180 
calendar days after the Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) to 
deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in the manner set out herein or (b) to pay the 
Delivery Expenses: 
(i) 
in respect of Securities which are admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the value (the "Default Redemption Amount") of the Asset 
Amount(s) in respect of such Securities on such date and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate and the Issuer shall pay such 
Default Redemption Amount to the relevant Securityholder in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Securityholder in accordance with the General 
Conditions; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation (or, as the case 
may be, part thereof) in respect of such Security and shall have no further 
obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery upon exercise of Warrants 
THIS PARAGRAPH  4(ii) IS APPLICABLE FOR ISSUES OF WARRANTS WHICH 
ARE LINKED TO UNDERLYING ASSETS ONLY 
If Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to any 
Warrants that relate to a single Underlying Asset or a Basket of Underlying Assets, 
then each such Warrant entitles its holder, upon due exercise and subject (where 
applicable) to certification that either (a) the Warrants are not being exercised by or 
on behalf of a U.S. person or a person within the United States or (b) in certain 
circumstances, that the Warrants are being exercised by a QIB, to receive from the 
Issuer on the Settlement Date the Asset Amount, subject to payment of the relevant 
Strike Price specified in the applicable Issue Terms (if applicable) and any other sums 
payable. In order to obtain delivery of the Asset Amount(s) in respect of a Warrant, 
the relevant Warrantholder must deliver an Exercise Notice to the relevant Clearing 
System(s) in accordance with Condition  4(a)(ii) of the Warrants Conditions 
(regardless of whether the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Automatic Exercise 
is applicable). 
Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder will be aggregated 
for the purpose of determining the aggregate Asset Amounts in respect of such 
Warrants provided that the aggregate Asset Amounts in respect of the same 
Warrantholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset 
or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be. Therefore, fractions of the 
Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be 
delivered and in lieu thereof the relevant Warrantholder will receive an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to the value of any such fractions after such aggregation as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent from such source(s) as it may select (and 
converted if necessary into the Specified Currency by reference to such exchange 
rate as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate). Payment of any such amount will 
be made to the account specified by the Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise 
Notice as referred to in Condition  4(c) of the Warrants Conditions or in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with the General Conditions.

--- Page 425 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
425 
 
 
Subject as provided herein and subject to payment of the aggregate Strike Prices (if 
applicable) and to payment of any Exercise Expenses with regard to the relevant 
Warrants, the Issuer shall on the Settlement Date (such date, subject to adjustment 
as provided below, the "Delivery Date") deliver, or procure the delivery of, the Asset 
Amount for each duly exercised Warrant in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine and notify to the person designated by the Securityholder in the 
relevant Exercise Notice. 
If a Warrantholder fails to give an Exercise Notice as provided in Condition  4(a)(ii) of 
the Warrants Conditions by later than the close of business in each place of receipt 
on the Cut-Off Date, then the Asset Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable 
after the Settlement Date (in which case such date of delivery shall be the Delivery 
Date) at the risk of such Warrantholder in the manner provided above. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances, such Warrantholder shall not be entitled 
to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Delivery Date 
falling after the originally designated Delivery Date and no liability in respect thereof 
shall attach to the Issuer. 
If a Warrantholder fails in respect of any Warrants, on or before the date falling 180 
calendar days after the Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) to 
deliver an Exercise Notice in the manner set out herein or (b) to pay the Exercise 
Expenses or other amounts payable pursuant to the General Conditions: 
(i) 
in respect of Warrants which are admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the value (the "Default Settlement Amount") of the Asset 
Amount(s) in respect of such Warrants on such date and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate (less any amounts payable 
pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms) 
and the Issuer shall pay such Default Settlement Amount to the relevant 
Warrantholder in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholder in 
accordance with the General Conditions; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation (or, as the case 
may be, part thereof) in respect of such Security and shall have no further 
obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
Following exercise of a Warrant which is a Physical Delivery Warrant, all dividends on 
the relevant Underlying Asset to be delivered will be payable to the party that would 
receive such dividend according to market practice for a sale of the Underlying Asset 
executed on the relevant Actual Exercise Date and to be delivered in the same 
manner as such relevant Underlying Asset. Any such dividends to be paid to a 
Warrantholder will be paid to the account specified by the Warrantholder in the 
relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in Condition  4(c) of the Warrants Conditions. 
(iii) 
Settlement Disruption in respect of Securities 
THIS PARAGRAPH  4(iii) IS APPLICABLE TO SECURITIES WHICH ARE LINKED 
TO UNDERLYING ASSETS ONLY 
If, prior to the delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of any Security in accordance 
with this paragraph, a Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting, then the Delivery 
Date in respect of such Security shall be postponed until the date on which no 
Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting and notice thereof shall be given to the 
relevant Securityholder in accordance with the General Conditions. Such 
Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, 
on such Security as a result of any delay in the delivery of the Asset Amount pursuant 
to this paragraph  4. Where delivery of the Asset Amount has been postponed as

--- Page 426 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
426 
 
 
provided in this paragraph  4, the Issuer shall not be in breach of these Terms and 
Conditions and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
For so long as delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of any Security is not 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then, in lieu of physical 
settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its 
discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by payment to 
the relevant Securityholder of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price not later than on 
the third Business Day following the date that the notice of such election (the 
"Election Notice") is given to the Securityholder in accordance with the General 
Conditions. Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholder in accordance with the General 
Conditions. 
Where the Asset Amount is, in the determination of the Issuer, an amount other than 
an amount of Relevant Assets (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) capable of 
being delivered (any such amount, a "Tradable Amount"), the Securityholder will 
receive an Asset Amount comprising of the nearest amount (rounded down) of 
Relevant Assets capable of being delivered by the Issuer (taking into account that a 
Securityholder's entire holding may be aggregated at the Issuer's discretion for the 
purpose of delivering the Asset Amounts), and an amount in the Specified Currency 
which shall be the value of the amount of the Relevant Assets so rounded down, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent from such source(s) as it may select (converted if 
necessary into the Specified Currency by reference to such exchange rate as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate). Payment will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Securityholder in accordance with the General Conditions. 
(iv) 
General Provisions in relation to Physical Delivery 
After delivery of the Asset Amount and for the Intervening Period, none of the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent and any other person shall at any time (i) be under any 
obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any Securityholder of, any letter, certificate, 
notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided herein, payment 
whatsoever received by that person in respect of such securities or obligations, (ii) be 
under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to 
such securities or obligations or (iii) be under any liability to a Securityholder in 
respect of any loss or damage which such Securityholder may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during such 
Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities or obligations. 
For the purposes of the Securities, (i) the Issuer shall be under no obligation to 
register or procure the registration of any Securityholder or any other person as the 
registered shareholder or unit-holder in the register of members of any Asset Issuer, 
(ii) the Issuer shall not be obliged to account to any Securityholder or any other 
person for any entitlement received or that is receivable in respect of any Underlying 
Asset comprising the Asset Amount in respect of any Security if the date on which the 
Underlying Asset is first traded on the relevant Exchange ex such entitlement is on or 
prior to the Delivery Date and (iii) any interest, dividend or other distribution in respect 
of any Asset Amount will be payable to the party that would receive such interest, 
dividend or other distribution according to market practice for a sale of the relevant 
Underlying Asset executed on the Delivery Date and to be delivered in the same 
manner as the Asset Amount. Any such interest dividend or other distribution to be 
paid to a Securityholder shall be paid to the account specified in the relevant Asset 
Transfer Notice. 
5. 
SCEEN NOTES AND CERTIFICATES 
THIS PARAGRAPH  5 IS APPLICABLE TO NOTES AND CERTIFICATES WHICH ARE 
LINKED TO UNDERLYING ASSETS ONLY

--- Page 427 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
427 
 
 
If it is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in relation to any Notes or Certificates that 
relate to a single Underlying Asset, that such Notes or Certificates are "SCEEN Notes" or 
"SCEEN Certificates" or "Reverse SCEEN Notes" or "Reverse SCEEN Certificates", then the 
provisions in this paragraph  5 shall apply: 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount (in the case of Notes) or Early Redemption Amount (in 
the case of Certificates) 
(1) 
SCEEN Notes and SCEEN Certificates 
Upon the holder of any SCEEN Note exercising its Investor Put option in 
respect of any Note (as described in paragraph  5(ii) below), the Optional 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount in respect of such SCEEN Note 
shall be an amount denominated in the Specified Currency equal to: 
Calculation Amount x Min [PL(i), PLC] 
Upon the holder of any SCEEN Certificate exercising its Investor Put option 
in respect of any Certificate (as described in paragraph  5(ii) below), the Early 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount in respect of such SCEEN 
Certificate shall be an amount in the Specified Currency equal to: 
Calculation Amount x Min [PL(i), PLC] 
(2) 
Reverse SCEEN Notes and Reverse SCEEN Certificates 
Upon the holder of any Reverse SCEEN Note exercising its Investor Put 
option in respect of any Note (as described in paragraph  5(ii) below), the 
Optional Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Reverse SCEEN Note shall be an amount denominated in the Specified 
Currency equal to: 
Calculation Amount x Min [RPL(i), PLC] 
Upon the holder of any Reverse SCEEN Certificate exercising its Investor Put 
option in respect of any Certificate (as described in paragraph  5(ii) below), 
the Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Reverse SCEEN Certificate shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
equal to: 
Calculation Amount x Min [RPL(i), PLC] 
(ii) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders or Certificateholders (Investor Put) 
Investor Put shall be applicable to the SCEEN Notes or SCEEN Certificates or 
Reverse SCEEN Notes or Reverse SCEEN Certificates. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition  6(d) of the Notes Conditions 
and Conditions  3(d) and  4 of the Certificates Condition, upon the holder of any Note 
or Certificate giving to the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes), the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) or the Principal Certificate Agent (in the case of 
Certificates) not less than 10 Business Days' notice in the form of an Exercise Notice 
on any Business Day during the Exercise Period in accordance with Condition  13 of 
the Notes Conditions or Condition  8 of the Certificates Conditions (the date of receipt 
by the Issuer of a duly delivered Exercise Notice, as determined by the Issuer, the 
"Effective Date"), the Issuer will redeem such Note or Certificate on the Optional 
Redemption Date (in the case of Notes) or Early Redemption Date (in the case of 
Certificates), in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, at the Optional

--- Page 428 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
428 
 
 
Redemption Amount (in the case of Notes) or Early Redemption Amount (in the case 
of Certificates) determined as set out in paragraph  5(i). 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt 
Securities, an Exercise Notice may only be delivered (i) if the Notes or Certificates 
are represented by a Global Note or a Global W&C Security, in such manner as is 
acceptable to the Clearing System(s), which is expected to be by authenticated 
SWIFT message or tested telex or (ii) if the Notes are in definitive form, in writing or 
by tested telex and accompanied by the relevant Definitive Note(s) or evidence 
satisfactory to the Agent or the Registrar that such Definitive Note will, following 
delivery of the relevant Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
An Exercise Notice must: 
(1) 
Specify the name and address of the relevant Noteholder or Certificateholder 
and the person from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the payment of 
the Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount (as the case 
may be); 
(2) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note or Certificates represented 
by a Global W&C Security, specify the nominal amount of Notes or the 
number of Certificates (which, in either case, may not be less than the 
Minimum Exercise Amount) which are the subject of such Exercise Notice, 
and the number of the Noteholder's or Certificateholder's account at the 
relevant Clearing System(s) to be debited with such Notes or Certificates and 
irrevocably instruct and authorise to debit the relevant Noteholder's or 
Certificateholder's account with such Notes or Certificates on or before the 
Optional Redemption Payment Date or Early Redemption Date (as the case 
may be); 
(3) 
specify an account to which cash amounts specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as being payable are to be paid; and 
(4) 
must be delivered to the Issuer in accordance with the procedures set-out in 
the form of the Exercise Notice and during Hong Kong business hours and if 
the Exercise Notice is received by the Issuer after 5 pm Hong Kong time, it 
will be deemed to have been received on the next Business Day. 
No Exercise Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant Clearing 
System(s) or the Issuer (or its agent acting on its behalf), as the case may be, as 
provided above. 
(iii) 
Definitions: 
For the purpose of this paragraph  5, the following terms have the following meanings: 
"Closing Price" means in respect of the Underlying Asset on a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the Reference Price of such Underlying Asset as defined in paragraph  8 below; 
"Exercise Period" means the period as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"FX Rate" or "FX" means either (i) in respect of a Valuation Date or an FX Valuation 
Date (as defined in the General Conditions) (i), the Specified Currency/Underlying 
Asset Currency exchange rate (expressed as the number of units of the Underlying 
Asset Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Specified Currency can be 
exchanged) determined by the Calculation Agent at such time on such Valuation Date 
or FX Valuation Date, as the case may be (i) and by reference to such sources as it 
deems appropriate or (ii) if the FX Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
not applicable, one (1);

--- Page 429 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
429 
 
 
"N" means the number of shares or units of the Underlying Asset per SCEEN Note, 
SCEEN Certificate, Reverse SCEEN Note or Reverse SCEEN Certificate, as the 
case may be, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Parity Level" or "PLi" in respect of a Valuation Date (i) means the percentage 
determined by the following formula: 
 
PL୧= 
൬Underlying Asset Price୧
FX୧
൰× N
Calculation Amount
× 100%, 
where, 
"FXi" means the FX Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as at that 
Valuation Date (i); 
"Underlying Asset Pricei" means the Closing Price per share or unit of the 
Underlying Asset on that Valuation Date (i); 
"Parity Level Cap" or "PLC" means the percentage as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if Parity Level Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, infinity; 
"Reverse Parity Level" or "RPLi" in respect of a Valuation Date (i) means the 
percentage determined by the following formula: 
RPL୧= ൦൮
൜[Conversion Value −Underlying Asset Price୧]
FX୧
ൠ× N
Calculation Amount
൲+ 1൪× 100%, 
where, 
"Conversion Value" means the price or value specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"FXi" means the FX Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as at that 
Valuation Date (i); 
"Underlying Asset Pricei" means the Closing Price per share or unit of the 
Underlying Asset on that Valuation Date (i); 
"Underlying Asset Currency" means the currency of the Underlying Asset as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
"Valuation Date" means, subject as provided in the definition of "Valuation Date" in 
paragraph  8 below, the number of Scheduled Trading Days following the Effective 
Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
6. 
VARIATION OF SETTLEMENT 
Where Variation of Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Issuer may elect (i) not to pay the relevant Securityholders the Final Redemption Amount or 
the Settlement Amount (as applicable) but, in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Asset Amount subject to and as provided in paragraph  4 above or (ii) not to deliver or procure 
delivery of the Asset Amount to the relevant Securityholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu 
thereof to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount or the Settlement Amount (as

--- Page 430 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
430 
 
 
applicable) on the Maturity Date to the relevant Securityholders, as the case may be. 
Notification of such election will be given to Securityholders in accordance with the General 
Conditions. 
7. 
RELEVANT ASSET SUBSTITUTION 
Where Physical Delivery applies and Relevant Asset Substitution is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, then the Issuer may at any time substitute the assets 
comprising the Relevant Assets with such other assets as selected by it in accordance with 
the Relevant Asset Substitution Criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Such 
new assets shall be deemed to be the Relevant Assets in place of the assets that were the 
Relevant Assets prior to such substitution. Notification of such election will be given to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer may make any such substitution on more than one occasion and in respect of all or 
part of the assets from time to time comprising the Relevant Assets.  
8. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING ASSETS (INCLUDING ETF SECURITIES 
AND DEPOSITARY RECEIPT SECURITIES) AND INDICES 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law, Insolvency Filing, Failure to 
Deliver, Hedging Disruption, Loss of Stock Borrow, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Asset Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Asset Issuer" means the issuer of the Underlying Asset or issuers of the Underlying Assets 
which shall be construed, where an Underlying Asset is a Depositary Receipt Security, to 
include the Depositary or the Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate. 
"Asset Transfer Notice" means a duly completed asset transfer notice substantially in the 
form set out in the Notes Agency Agreement or Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement 
(as applicable). 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Security, each date specified as an Averaging Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an 
Underlying Asset or Index, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, unless 
Disrupted Day is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of an Underlying Asset or an 
Index. If such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of an Underlying Asset or an Index: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Underlying Asset or Index, the relevant Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to 
be the relevant Averaging Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, in respect of Exempt Securities and where 
practicable, determine the Reference Price in the manner set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, otherwise: 
(i) 
determine the Reference Price of the Underlying Asset in accordance with its 
good faith estimate of the Reference Price as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day, or 
(ii) 
determine the Reference Price of the Index by determining the level of the 
Index as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled

--- Page 431 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
431 
 
 
Trading Day of each Index Component comprised in the Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Index 
Component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of 
the value for the relevant Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Underlying Assets or Indices, the relevant Averaging Date for each Underlying 
Asset or Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date, and the relevant Averaging Date for each Underlying 
Asset or Index affected (each an "Affected Asset" or an "Affected Index") by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Asset or Affected Index, unless 
each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Asset or Affected Index. In 
that case, (i) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Averaging Date for the Affected Asset or Affected Index notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Reference Price using: 
(i) 
in relation to the Affected Asset, in respect of Exempt Securities and where 
practicable, a price determined in the manner set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or, otherwise, using its good faith estimate of the value for the 
Affected Asset as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions, or 
(ii) 
in relation to the Affected Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each Index 
Component comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Index Component on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day). 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines that (X) it will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, within the next 30 
calendar days, or it has become, illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any Underlying Assets 
or related hedging transactions or (Y) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under the Securities or any underlying or related hedging 
transactions (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Clearing System" means Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing 
system as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking S.A.. 
"De-listing" means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Asset, the Exchange announces 
that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange such Underlying Asset ceases (or will cease), to 
be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger 
Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union).

--- Page 432 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
432 
 
 
"Delivery Expenses" means all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the delivery of the 
Asset Amount, including, without limitation, any such costs, taxes, duties or expenses payable 
by the transferor and transferee of the Asset Amount. 
"Deposit Agreement" means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt Security, the agreement(s) 
or other instrument(s) constituting such Depositary Receipt Security, as from time to time 
amended or supplemented in accordance with their terms. 
"Depositary" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt Security, the issuer of such 
Depositary Receipt Security or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any successor 
issuer of such Depositary Receipt Security from time to time. 
"Depositary Receipt Security" means, in relation to an Equity Linked Security, a depositary 
receipt to which such Equity Linked Security relates. 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Underlying Asset or an Index which is not specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being a Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying Asset or such Index on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange for such Underlying Asset or such Index fails to open for trading during its 
regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
in respect of an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a 
Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Index on which (i) the 
relevant Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Index, (ii) any Related Exchange for 
such Index fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) a Market 
Disruption Event in respect of such Index has occurred. 
"Disruption Cash Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Security, an amount equal to the 
fair market value of such Security on such day as shall be selected by the Issuer in its 
discretion, provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date that the Election 
Notice is given as provided above, and, if "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, adjusted to take account fully for any Hedging Costs, all as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
"Equity Security" means in relation to an Equity Linked Security, a share or an equity unit of 
the share to which such Equity Linked Security relates. 
"ETF Fund Termination Event" means any of the following with respect to an Underlying 
Asset which is an ETF Security or the related Fund: 
(a) 
the units of the Fund are reclassified or the index that the Fund tracks changes or the 
Fund is acquired by or aggregated with another fund, whose mandate, risk-profile 
and/or benchmarks is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, different from the 
mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmark of the Fund stated as of the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Securities (or any proposal for the foregoing occurs); or 
(b) 
the currency of denomination of units of the Fund is amended in accordance with the 
constitutional documents of the Fund, so that the units of the Fund are no longer 
denominated in the currency quoted as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Securities; or 
(c) 
there is a material change in its mandate, risk profile, prospectus, statement of 
additional information, articles of incorporation, investment management agreement 
or annual and semi-annual report, or there is a material change in any other rule, law, 
regulation, similar guideline, constitutional document, report or other document

--- Page 433 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
433 
 
 
governing the investment by the Fund of its assets since the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Securities (in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(d) 
any proposal to wind up the Fund or any substantive litigation by the investors in the 
Fund (as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(e) 
any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in its mandate, 
risk profile, prospectus, statement of additional information, articles of incorporation, 
investment management agreement or annual and semi-annual report or other 
document governing the investment by the Fund of its assets that is reasonably likely 
to affect the value of the units of the Fund or the rights or remedies of any holders 
thereof (in each case as determined by the Calculation); or 
(f) 
(i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the 
Fund or an interest issued to or held by an investor in the Fund by any governmental, 
legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund or such interest, (ii) any 
change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the Fund or the 
investment adviser for the Fund (the "Fund Adviser") that is reasonably likely to have 
an adverse impact on either the value of any interest in the Fund or any investor 
therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (iii) the Fund, the Fund Adviser 
or any of the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary 
administrative responsibilities for the Fund (the "Fund Administrator") becoming 
subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, 
legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any 
activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the Fund, the Fund Adviser or 
the Fund Administrator. 
"ETF Security" means in relation to an Equity Linked Security, a share or a unit of the 
exchange-traded fund to which such Equity Linked Security relates. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying Asset or an Index which is not specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being a Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Underlying Asset or Index in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in the Underlying Asset or Index Components 
comprising such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Underlying Asset or 
Index Components comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange); or 
(b) 
in respect of an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a 
Multi-Exchange Index, in relation to each Index Component of that Index, the 
principal stock exchange on which such Index Component is principally traded, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. Where "Principal Exchanges" is specified as 
the Exchange for a Multi-Exchange Index in the relevant Issue Terms, this sub-
paragraph  (b) shall be deemed to apply. 
Where the relevant Underlying Asset is a Depositary Receipt Security and Full Lookthrough is 
specified as applicable in respect of such Depositary Receipt Security in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then reference to "Exchange" in the definitions of Exchange Business Day, Scheduled 
Closing Time, Scheduled Trading Day, Market Disruption Event and Disrupted Day shall be 
deemed to include a reference to the primary exchange or quotation system on which the 
Underlying Shares are traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Where Partial 
Lookthrough is specified as applicable in respect of a Depositary Receipt Security in the 
applicable Issue Terms, no changes shall be made to such definitions.

--- Page 434 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
434 
 
 
"Exchange Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Underlying Asset or an Index which is not specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being a Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying Asset or such Index on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange for such Underlying Asset or such Index are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a 
Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Index on which (i) the 
relevant Sponsor publishes the level of such Index and (ii) each Related Exchange 
for such Index is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding 
any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Failure to Deliver" means the failure of a party to any underlying or related hedging 
transaction to deliver, when due, the relevant Underlying Asset under that transaction, where 
such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such Underlying Asset. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Equity Linked Note and each Equity 
Linked Certificate, the amount specified as such herein or, in the case of Exempt Securities, 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Hedging Costs" means, in respect of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price and if specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (A) the losses, expenses and costs (if any), 
including any loss of bargain or cost of funding (in which case the Disruption Cash Settlement 
Price will be adjusted downward to the extent of such losses, expenses and costs, provided 
that the Disruption Cash Settlement Price shall never be less than zero) or (B) the gain (in 
which case the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be adjusted upward to the extent of 
such gain), as the case may be, to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of unwinding, terminating, 
liquidating, adjusting, obtaining, replacing or re-establishing any underlying or related hedging 
arrangements (including, but not limited to, any options or selling or otherwise realising any 
instruments of any type whatsoever which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may hold as 
part of such hedging arrangements), all as determined and calculated by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) (including, without limitation, stock loans 
and other transactions that can be used to create a long or short exposure to any Underlying 
Assets or Indices) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk (including, but 
not limited to, any foreign currency or interest rate risk) or dividend risk with respect to the 
Securities or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).  
Without limitation such inability may be directly or indirectly due to a Regulatory Capital Event 
or an Index Regulation Event. 
"Hedging Party" means the party to any underlying or related hedging transaction specified 
in the related confirmation as the Hedging Party or, if no Hedging Party is specified, either 
party to such hedging transaction. 
"Hedging Underlying Assets" means, in relation to any underlying or hedging transaction, 
the number of Underlying Assets that the Hedging Party deems necessary to hedge the 
equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to a hedging 
transaction to which "Loss of Stock Borrow" or "Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is 
applicable. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Securities) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage

--- Page 435 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
435 
 
 
commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk 
(including, but not limited to, any foreign currency or interest rate risk) or dividend risk of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities or any underlying or 
related hedging transaction or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.  Without limitation such increased amount may 
directly or indirectly relate to a Regulatory Capital Event or an Index Regulation Event (which 
may include any increased cost of an Index licence). 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Hedging Party to any underlying or 
related hedging transaction would incur a rate to borrow Underlying Assets in respect of such 
hedging transaction that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Index Components" means, in relation to an Index, the securities by reference to which the 
level of the Index is from time to time calculated. 
"Indices" and "Index" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph  1, the 
indices or index specified in the applicable Issue Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of any underlying or related hedging transaction 
to which "Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is applicable, the stock loan rate specified as such 
in the related confirmation. 
"Insolvency" means that, by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up or any analogous proceeding affecting an Asset Issuer, 
(a) all the Underlying Assets of that Asset Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, 
liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Underlying Assets of that Asset Issuer 
become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that an Asset Issuer institutes, or has instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or 
such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the relevant 
Asset Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Intervening Period" means such period of time as any person other than the relevant 
Securityholder shall continue to be registered as the legal owner of any securities or other 
obligations comprising the Asset Amount. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Hedging Party to any underlying or related hedging 
transaction is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a 
borrowing of) Underlying Assets with respect to such hedging transaction in an amount equal 
to the Hedging Underlying Assets (not to exceed the number of Underlying Assets underlying 
the hedging transaction) at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Underlying Asset or an Index which is not specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being a Multi-Exchange Index: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time of:

--- Page 436 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
436 
 
 
(A) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: 
(1) 
relating to the Underlying Asset on the Exchange (or in the 
case of an Index, on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
Index Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the relevant Index); or 
(2) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying 
Asset or the relevant Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange; or 
(B) 
any event (other than as described in  (ii) below) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (1) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, the Underlying Asset on the Exchange (or in the case of 
an Index, on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Index Components 
that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index) 
or (2) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts on or relating to the Underlying Asset or the 
relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange, 
which, in either case of  (A) or  (B) above, the Calculation Agent determines is 
material; or 
(ii) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange (or in 
the case of an Index, on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Index 
Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant 
Index) or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in relation to a Multi-Exchange Index and an Index Component included in such Index 
either: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Index Component, of: 
(A) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Index Component, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, in respect of the Exchange 
on which such Component Security is principally traded; 
(B) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Index Component, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Index Component is principally traded; or 
(C) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Index Component, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material; and 
the aggregate of all Index Component in respect of which a Trading 
Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, 
comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index, of: (A) a Trading Disruption at any time in respect of any Related 
Exchange, (B) an Exchange Disruption in respect of any Related Exchange 
or (C) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options 
contracts and which the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
As used above:

--- Page 437 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
437 
 
 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange 
in respect of any Index Component or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants 
in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Index 
Component on the Exchange in respect of such Index Component; or (ii) futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on any Related Exchange; and 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Index Component on 
the Exchange in respect of such Index Component; or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index on any Related Exchange. 
For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Index or 
an Index Component exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of an 
Index Component included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution 
of that Index Component to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Index Component and (ii) the overall level 
of the Index, in each case either (a) except where the Index is a Multi-Exchange Index, 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event or (b) where the Index is 
a Multi-Exchange Index, using the official opening weightings as published by the Sponsor as 
part of the market "opening data". 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of any underlying or related hedging 
transaction to which "Loss of Stock Borrow" is applicable, the stock loan rate specified as 
such in the related confirmation. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Assets, any (i) reclassification 
or change of such Underlying Assets that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Underlying Assets outstanding to another entity or person, 
(ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of an Asset Issuer, with 
or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange in which such Asset Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in a reclassification or change of all of such Underlying Assets outstanding), (iii) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person 
to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Assets of the 
Asset Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Underlying Assets (other than such Underlying Assets owned or controlled by such other 
entity or person) or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of 
the Asset Issuer or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Asset Issuer is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
Underlying Assets outstanding but results in the outstanding Underlying Assets (other than 
Underlying Assets owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Assets 
immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger"), in each case if the Merger Date is on 
or before the Valuation Date or, if the Securities are to be redeemed or exercised by delivery 
of Underlying Assets, the Maturity Date or the Settlement Date (as applicable). 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means each Index designated as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 438 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
438 
 
 
"Multiplier" means the percentage or amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Underlying Assets or all or substantially all the assets of 
an Asset Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to 
any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Underlying Assets (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Underlying 
Assets to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Underlying Assets 
of (i) such Underlying Assets, or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of an Asset Issuer equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Underlying Assets, or (iii) 
share capital or other securities of another Issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Asset Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or 
(iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend in respect of the relevant Underlying Assets; 
(d) 
a call by an Asset Issuer in respect of relevant Underlying Assets that are not fully 
paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by an Asset Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Underlying 
Assets whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of an Asset Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of 
the capital stock of such Asset Issuer, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides, upon the occurrence of 
certain events, for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or 
stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be 
readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; 
(g) 
any other event having, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Underlying 
Assets; 
(h) 
where the relevant Underlying Assets are Depositary Receipt Securities, the making 
of any amendment or supplement to the terms of a relevant Deposit Agreement; or 
(i) 
where the relevant Underlying Assets are Depositary Receipt Securities, a distribution 
in respect of relevant Underlying Shares to the holders of such Underlying Shares of 
property other than cash, shares or rights relating to such Underlying Shares. 
"Reference Price" means, subject as provided in the applicable Issue Terms 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Underlying Asset, the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or (if 
Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms) an Averaging Date, as the case may be, of 
the Underlying Asset quoted on the relevant Exchange as determined by or on behalf 
of the Calculation Agent or, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, no such

--- Page 439 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
439 
 
 
price (or, as the case may be, no such official closing price) can be determined at 
such time and, if Disrupted Day is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the Valuation Date or (if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms) an Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Underlying Assets, an amount equal to the sum of the products of (A) each 
Underlying Asset at the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or (if 
Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms) an Averaging Date, as the case may be, of 
the Underlying Asset quoted on the Relevant Exchange as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent or, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, no 
such price (or, as the case may be, any such official closing price) can be determined 
at such time and, if Disrupted Day is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and the Valuation Date or (if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms) an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent and (B) the relevant Multiplier specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Index, an amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the Specified Currency 
on the same basis as the Strike Price) equal to the official closing level of the Index 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (or, if a Valuation Time other than the 
Scheduled Closing Time is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the level of the 
Index determined by the Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on the Valuation 
Date or (if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms) an Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, without regard to any subsequently published correction; or 
(d) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the Specified 
Currency on the same basis as the Strike Price) equal to the sum of the values 
calculated for each Index as the official closing level of each Index as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (or, if a Valuation Time other than the Scheduled Closing Time 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the level of each Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on the Valuation Date or (if Averaging is 
specified in the Issue Terms) an Averaging Date, as the case may be, without regard 
to any subsequently published correction, multiplied by the relevant Multiplier 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Regulatory Capital Event means any increase or adjustment to or imposition of a regulatory 
capital charge or cost for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates in connection with the Securities or 
a change in the regulatory capital status of the Securities or the status of the Securities in any 
"bail-in" or financial institution resolution regime. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Underlying Asset or an Index, each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such in relation to such Underlying Asset or Index in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Underlying Asset or Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Underlying Asset or Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided however, 
where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Issue Terms, 
"Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or 
options contracts relating to such Underlying Asset or Index. 
"Relevant Asset" means the assets specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 440 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
440 
 
 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Underlying Asset or an Index which is not specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange for such Underlying Asset or such Index are scheduled to be 
open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or 
(b) 
in respect of an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a 
Multi-Exchange Index, (i) any day on which the relevant Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of such Index and (ii) each Related Exchange for such Index is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer, as a result 
of which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Asset Amount by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Issue Terms is not practicable. 
"Sponsor" means the sponsor of the Index or sponsors of the Indices, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Strike Price" means the level or number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or 
otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 
10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Asset Issuer, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental 
or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant. 
"Underlying Asset" and "Underlying Assets" means, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph  1, the Equity Security, ETF Security, Depositary Receipt Security, Equity 
Securities, ETF Securities or Depositary Receipt Securities specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly, provided that, where any 
Underlying Asset is a Depositary Receipt Security, "Underlying Assets" shall include such 
Depositary Receipt Security and/or the Underlying Shares for the purpose of the definitions 
of: 
(i) 
Potential Adjustment Event, De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, 
Insolvency, each event comprising an Additional Disruption Event, Hedging 
Underlying Assets, Force Majeure Event and, where applicable, paragraph " (iii) 
Limited Recourse" of Annex 1 and the related consequences thereof as set out, 
respectively, in paragraphs  1 and  3 above, shall be construed accordingly; and 
(ii) 
where Full Lookthrough is specified as applicable in respect of such Depositary 
Receipt Security in the applicable Issue Terms, Market Disruption Event. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where Partial Lookthrough is specified as applicable in respect of

--- Page 441 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
441 
 
 
a Depositary Receipt Security in the applicable Issue Terms, no changes shall be 
made to the definition of Market Disruption Event pursuant to this sub-paragraph  (ii). 
"Underlying Share" means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, the underlying share(s) or 
other securities which are the subject of the relevant Deposit Agreement. 
"Underlying Share Event" means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt Security, (i) written 
instructions are given at any time by the relevant Underlying Share Issuer to the relevant 
Depositary to withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; or (ii) the relevant Deposit 
Agreement is at any time terminated. 
"Underlying Share Issuer" means, in relation to an Underlying Share, the issuer of such 
Underlying Share. 
"Valuation Date" means the date (or each date) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Underlying Asset or an 
Index, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, unless Disrupted Day is specified 
as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of an Underlying Asset or an Index. If such day is a 
Disrupted Day in respect of an Underlying Asset or an Index: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Underlying Asset, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, 
(i) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall, in respect of Exempt Securities and where practicable, determine the 
Reference Price in the manner set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, 
otherwise, determine the Reference Price in accordance with its good faith estimate 
of the Reference Price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day; or 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Underlying Assets, the Valuation Date for each Underlying Asset not affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the 
Valuation Date for each Underlying Asset affected (each, an "Affected Asset") by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Asset, unless each of the eight 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Asset. In that case, (i) that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Asset 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Reference Price using, in relation to the Affected Asset, in 
respect of Exempt Securities and where practicable, a price determined in the 
manner set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, otherwise, using its good 
faith estimate of the value for the Affected Asset as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions; or 
(c) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Index, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, in 
respect of Exempt Securities and where practicable, determine the Reference Price 
in the manner set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, otherwise, determine 
the Reference Price by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on

--- Page 442 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
442 
 
 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day of each Index Component comprised in the Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Index 
Component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(d) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Indices, the Valuation Date for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Valuation Date for each 
Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each, an "Affected Index") 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Index, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the 
Affected Index. In that case, (i) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Index (notwithstanding the fact that such day 
is a Disrupted Day), and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, in respect of Exempt 
Securities and where practicable, determine the Reference Price in the manner set 
out in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, otherwise, determine the Reference 
Price using, in relation to the Affected Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each Index Component comprised in that Index 
(or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Index Component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of 
the value for the relevant Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day). 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Underlying Asset or an Index which is not specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being a Multi-Exchange Index, the Valuation Time specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or (if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) an Averaging Date, as the case may be, in 
relation to each Underlying Asset or Index to be valued. If the relevant Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be 
such actual closing time; or 
(b) 
in respect of an Index which is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a 
Multi-Exchange Index, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
if no Valuation Time is specified, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event in respect of such Index has occurred: (A) in respect of an Index 
Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange and (B) in 
respect of any options contracts or futures contracts on the Index, the close of trading 
on the relevant Related Exchange, and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at 
which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the 
Sponsor. 
9. 
FUND INTERESTS 
(a) 
Extension 
(i) 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor which submits 
one or more redemption requests for one or more Fund Interests in a timely manner 
to receive such redemption proceeds ("Redemption Proceeds") as the Issuer may

--- Page 443 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
443 
 
 
require to meet its scheduled periodic or final payment or delivery obligations (each a 
"Scheduled Obligation") under the Securities would not receive such Redemption 
Proceeds in respect of one or more of the Fund Interests in full on or prior to the time 
such Scheduled Obligations would be scheduled to fall due or where the Issuer so 
elects pursuant to Equity and Market Access Product Term  2(iii) above, the 
Calculation Agent may notify the Securityholders in accordance with the General 
Conditions that the Maturity Date, relevant Interest Payment Date or Settlement Date 
or any other relevant date for payment or delivery (the "Scheduled Obligation Date") 
shall be postponed until the earlier of (i) such time (if any) as the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Redemption Proceeds in respect of all affected Fund Interests 
would be received in full by a Hypothetical Investor (the "Delayed Receipt Date") or 
(ii) the last day of the Delay Period (as defined below). 
"Delay Period" means, unless other specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the date falling two years immediately following the relevant Scheduled Obligation 
Date. 
(ii) 
As soon as practicable following the Delayed Receipt Date the Calculation Agent 
shall give notice to Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions and 
pay to each Securityholder the corresponding Scheduled Obligation provided that, if 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor would not have 
received any Redemption Proceeds in respect of the affected Fund Interests on or 
prior to the last day of the Delay Period, the Issuer's obligation to pay the relevant 
Scheduled Obligation shall be cancelled and the Issuer shall have no further 
obligations in respect thereof.  The Issuer shall not be obliged to pay any additional 
amount or interest payment as a result of any such delay. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that some but not all Redemption Proceeds 
(and/or Redemption Proceeds in respect of some but not all affected Fund Interests) 
would be received by a Hypothetical Investor on or prior to the last day of the Delay 
Period (any such day of receipt, a "Receipt Date") the Issuer may at its option pay a 
pro rata share of such partial Redemption Proceeds or such other amount as reflects 
the contribution of the affected Fund Interest(s) to the Scheduled Obligation (the 
"Relevant Amount") to Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable following 
such Receipt Date which occurs up to and including the Delayed Receipt Date, as 
provided above, or the last day of the Delay Period (as defined above), as the case 
may be all on account of the Scheduled Obligations.  Following all such payments as 
provided above and the last day of the Delay Period, the Issuer's obligation to pay the 
relevant Scheduled Obligation or any remaining amount thereof shall be cancelled 
and the Issuer shall have no further obligations in respect of such obligation and, if no 
other Scheduled Obligation remains outstanding, the Securities shall be cancelled 
and the Issuer shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
(b) 
General Fund Definitions 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Security, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day in respect of a 
Fund Interest, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day, unless Disrupted Day is 
specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement and, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of such Fund Business Day and a Fund 
Interest. If a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of such Fund Business Day and a Fund Interest: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to relate to a 
single Fund Interest, the relevant Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Fund 
Business Day in respect of which a Disrupted Day has not occurred, unless a 
Disrupted Day occurs in respect of each of the Roll Number of Fund Business Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date. In that case, (i) the Fund 
Business Day falling the Roll Number of Fund Business Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Averaging Date (the "Averaging Cut-off Date") shall be deemed to be 
the relevant Averaging Date notwithstanding the fact that a Disrupted Day occurred in

--- Page 444 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
444 
 
 
respect of such day and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, where practicable, determine 
the Reference Price in the manner set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, 
otherwise, determine the Reference Price of the Fund Interest in accordance with its 
good faith estimate of the Reference Price on the Averaging Cut-off Date, or 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to relate to a 
Basket of Fund Interests, the relevant Averaging Date for each Fund Interest not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging 
Date, and the relevant Averaging Date for each Fund Interest affected (each an 
"Affected Fund Interest") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Fund Business Day for the Affected Fund Interest in respect of which a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Fund Interest does not occur, unless a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Fund Interest occurs in respect of each of the 
Roll Number of Fund Business Days for the Affected Fund Interest immediately 
following the Scheduled Averaging Date. In that case, (i) the Averaging Cut-off Date 
shall be deemed to be the relevant Averaging Date for the Affected Fund Interest 
notwithstanding the fact that a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of such day and 
(ii) the Calculation Agent shall, where practicable, determine the Reference Price in 
the manner set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, otherwise, determine the 
Reference Price for the Affected Fund Interest using its good faith estimate of the 
value for the Affected Fund Interest in respect of the Averaging Cut-off Date and 
otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Fund Interest and the related Fund, either of a Fund 
Settlement Disruption or a Fund Publication Disruption, being: 
(a) 
"Fund Settlement Disruption" means a failure by a Fund on any day (A) to pay the 
full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of any fund 
redemption proceeds with respect to any Fund Interest scheduled to have been paid 
on or by such day or (B) to record any transfer or relevant interest in respect of any 
Fund Interests subscribed for by the Hypothetical Investor that is scheduled to have 
been recorded on or by such day (according to the relevant Fund Documents or as 
otherwise communicated to the Hypothetical Investor), determined without regard to 
any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or 
refuse redemption of Fund Interests; and 
(b) 
"Fund Publication Disruption" means, in respect of a Fund Interest and a Fund 
Business Day, a Fund Publication Date in respect of such Fund Interest falls after the 
relevant Scheduled Fund Publication Date in respect of such Fund Interest and such 
Fund Business Day. 
"Exchange Rate" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the rate of exchange for conversion of any amount (the currency of such amount, the "Local 
Currency") into the relevant Specified Currency for the purposes of determining the 
Reference Price, being the Local Currency/Specified Currency exchange rate (expressed as 
the number of units of the Local Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Specified 
Currency can be exchanged), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such 
source(s) as it deems appropriate which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include any relevant 
screen page specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Equity Linked Note and each Equity 
Linked Certificate, the amount specified as such or determined as provided in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
"Fund" means, subject to adjustment as provided herein, each entity, collective investment 
scheme, fund, trust, partnership or similar arrangement or undertaking specified as such in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement (and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
"Fund Administrator" means, in respect of a Fund, each entity specified as such in relation 
to that Fund in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified, each entity appointed

--- Page 445 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
445 
 
 
in the role of the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary 
administrative responsibilities for such Fund according to the relevant Fund Documents. 
"Fund Adviser" means, in respect of a Fund, each entity specified as such in relation to that 
Fund in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified, each entity appointed in the 
role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser to that Fund 
(including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to 
another non-discretionary investment adviser to that Fund). 
"Fund Business Day" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, any day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Fund Business 
Day Centre and, if TARGET is specified as a Fund Business Day Centre, a TARGET 
Settlement Day or, if no such day is so specified, any day on which the Fund or the Fund 
Administrator is open for business. 
"Fund Business Day Centre" means, in respect of a Fund Business Day, the city or cities 
specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Fund Documents" means, in respect of a Fund, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements, prospectuses, offering documents (howsoever described) and other 
agreements of such Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to the related Fund 
Interest. 
"Fund Interest" means, in respect of a Fund, subject to adjustment in accordance with these 
Equity and Market Access Product Terms, a unit, share, partnership interest or other similar 
fund interest issued by or relating to a Fund, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
(and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
"Fund Publication Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest and an Averaging Date or a 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, the date on which the related Fund (or its Fund Service 
Provider, as applicable) actually publishes the value for such Fund Interest or its aggregate 
net asset value, as applicable, in respect of such Averaging Date or Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, or otherwise communicates such value to the Calculation Agent. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of a Fund, any person who is appointed to 
provide services, directly or indirectly, to such Fund, whether or not specified in the relevant 
Fund Documents, including without limitation any Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, 
management company, depositary, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, 
trustee, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
"Hypothetical Hedging Arrangements" means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts 
in 
Fund 
Interests, 
options, 
futures 
or 
other 
derivatives, 
(ii) 
securities 
lending/borrowing/repurchasing transactions and/or (iii) other instruments, arrangements, 
assets or liabilities howsoever described, entered into in order to hedge, individually or on a 
portfolio basis, the Securities. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means, in respect of a Fund, a hypothetical investor in (i) the 
relevant Fund Interests which is deemed to have the benefits and obligations, as provided in 
the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding Fund Interests at the relevant time 
and/or (ii) Hypothetical Hedging Arrangements. The Hypothetical Investor shall be deemed by 
the Calculation Agent to be resident or organised in the Hypothetical Investor Jurisdiction, and 
may be deemed to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their 
Affiliates or agents (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant 
situation).  However, no such party shall be under any obligation to invest in or hold any Fund 
Interests and nothing in this definition shall be construed as imposing any such requirement. 
"Hypothetical Investor Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified for a Hypothetical 
Investor in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 446 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
446 
 
 
"Initial Fixing Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"Key Personnel" means, in relation to a Fund, any entity or person as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, any 
key personnel of the relevant Fund or of its Fund Adviser as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Realised Value" means an amount equal to the redemption proceeds per Fund Interest that 
the Calculation Agent determines would be received by the Hypothetical Investor in a 
situation where (a) the Hypothetical Investor requests redemption of such Fund Interest in full 
for valuation as of the relevant Realised Value Exit Date, (b) such request is made in a timely 
manner and (c) such redemption proceeds are net of all costs, taxes and expenses 
(determined on a per Fund Interest basis) which the Calculation Agent determines would be 
suffered or incurred by the Hypothetical Investor in connection with such redemption. For the 
avoidance of doubt, such redemption proceeds may differ from the amounts which would be 
due under the terms of the Fund Documents and may be less than the net asset value per 
Fund Interest published by the Fund in respect of the relevant Realised Value Exit Date. 
"Realised Value Exit Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the date(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Pricing Supplement as the valuation date(s) for calculating the 
redemption proceeds to be paid to the Hypothetical Investor for the redemption of the relevant 
Fund Interest in respect of such date(s). 
"Reference Price" means the Realised Value or Reported Reference Price, as selected in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Removal Date" means, in respect of an Affected Fund Interest and a Fund Event, the date 
on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor would receive the 
Removal Value in full in respect of a redemption or realisation of a Fund Interest of such 
Affected Fund Interest effected as soon as reasonably practicable and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following the time at which the Calculation Agent determines the 
applicable consequence of the relevant Fund Event. 
"Removal Value" means, in respect of an Affected Fund Interest, the amount that the 
Calculation Agent determines a Hypothetical Investor would receive on the redemption or 
realisation of a Fund Interest of the Affected Fund Interest at the relevant time, provided that if 
any such redemption proceeds would comprise non-monetary assets the Removal Value 
shall include the amount (if any and which may be zero) that the Calculation Agent 
determines would be received by the Hypothetical Investor in respect of a realisation (in 
whatsoever manner the Calculation Agent determines appropriate) of such non-monetary 
assets within a commercially reasonable timeframe after their receipt. 
"Reported Reference Price" means, in respect of a Fund Interest and an Averaging Date or 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, the net asset value or other reported value of such Fund 
Interest as of such Averaging Date or Valuation Date or, if the relevant Fund reports only its 
aggregate net asset value, the portion of such Fund's aggregate net asset value relating to 
such Fund Interest as of such Averaging Date or Valuation Date, in each case, as reported in 
respect of the relevant Fund Publication Date. 
"Roll Number" means the number of Fund Business Days specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or such other number which the Calculation Agent shall determine from time to 
time and notify to the Securityholders. 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Fund Publication Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the related Fund 
and a Fund Business Day, each date specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement

--- Page 447 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
447 
 
 
(as determined as at the Trade Date) on which the related Fund (or its Fund Service Provider, 
as applicable) is scheduled, according to the relevant Fund Documents in respect of such 
Fund Interest (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions 
permitting such Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of such Fund Interests), to publish the 
value for the related Fund Interest or its aggregate net asset value, as applicable, for such 
Fund Business Day. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Strike Price" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the value specified as such or determined 
as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Subscription Value" means an amount equal to the subscription price per Fund Interest that 
the Calculation Agent determines would be paid by the Hypothetical Investor in a situation 
where (a) the Hypothetical Investor requests subscription of such Fund Interest for 
subscription on the relevant date, (b) such request is made in a timely manner and (c) such 
subscription price is net of all costs, taxes and expenses (determined on a per Fund Interest 
basis) which the Calculation Agent determines would be suffered or incurred by the 
Hypothetical Investor in connection with such subscription. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
subscription price may differ from the price which would be payable under the terms of the 
Fund Documents and may be less than the net asset value per Fund Interest published by the 
Fund in respect of the relevant Subscription Date. 
"Valuation Date" means the date (or each date) specified as such in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or, if such date is not a Fund Business Day in respect of a Fund Interest, the 
immediately succeeding Fund Business Day, unless Disrupted Day is specified as applying in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement and, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a 
Disrupted Day occurs in respect of such Fund Business Day and a Fund Interest. If a 
Disrupted Day occurs in respect of such Fund Business Day and a Fund Interest: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to relate to a 
single Fund Interest, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Fund Business 
Day in respect of which a Disrupted Day has not occurred, unless a Disrupted Day 
occurs in respect of each of the Roll Number of Fund Business Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date. In that case, (i) the Fund Business Day 
falling the Roll Number of Fund Business Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date (the "Valuation Cut-off Date") shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date notwithstanding the fact that a Disrupted Day occurred in respect of such day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, where practicable, determine the Reference Price 
in the manner set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, otherwise, determine 
the Reference Price of the Fund Interest in accordance with its good faith estimate of 
the Reference Price on the Valuation Cut-off Date; or 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to relate to a 
Basket of Fund Interests, the Valuation Date for each Fund Interest not affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the 
Valuation Date for each Fund Interest affected (each, an "Affected Fund Interest") 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Fund Business 
Day for the Affected Fund Interest in respect of which a Disrupted Day relating to the 
Affected Fund Interest does not occur, unless a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected 
Fund Interest occurs in respect of each of the Roll Number of Fund Business Days for 
the Affected Fund Interest immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date. In 
that case, (i) the Valuation Cut-off Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for 
the Affected Fund Interest notwithstanding the fact that a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of such day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, where practicable, 
determine the Reference Price in the manner set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or, otherwise, determine the Reference Price for the Affected Fund 
Interest using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Fund Interest in

--- Page 448 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
448 
 
 
respect of the Valuation Cut-off Date and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions. 
(c) 
Definitions relating to Fund Events: 
"Fund Event" means any Additional Fund Disruption Event, Fund Composition Event, Fund 
Disruption Event, Fund Extraordinary Event and/or Fund Potential Adjustment Event, where: 
"Additional Fund Disruption Event" means any of Fund Change in Law, Fund Hedging 
Disruption or Fund Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case, if specified as such in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
"Fund Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date of the Securities, (A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines that (X) it will, or there is a substantial likelihood 
that it will, within the next 30 calendar days, or it has become, illegal for the Issuer 
and/or any Affiliate or agent and/or any Hypothetical Investor to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any Fund Interests or related hedging transactions, or (Y) the Issuer will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any change in the regulatory capital requirements 
of the Issuer or any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
(ii) 
"Fund Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate or agent is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the price risk (including, but not limited to, any foreign 
currency or interest rate risk) with respect to the Securities, or (B) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), including, without limitation, 
where such inability has arisen by reason of (X) any restriction on making new or 
additional investments in such Fund Interest, or (Y) any mandatory redemption, in 
whole or in part, of a Fund Interest imposed by the related Fund.  Without limitation 
such inability may be directly or indirectly due to a Regulatory Capital Event or an 
Index Regulation Event. 
(iii) 
"Fund Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or 
agents would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing 
on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary or appropriate to hedge the price risk with respect to the Securities, 
or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer or any such Affiliate or agent shall 
not be deemed a Fund Increased Cost of Hedging.  Without limitation such increased 
amount may directly or indirectly relate to a Regulatory Capital Event or an Index 
Regulation Event (which may include any increased cost of an Index licence). 
"Fund Composition Event" means each event specified as such in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"Fund Disruption Event" means a Fund Settlement Disruption and/or a Fund Publication 
Disruption, in each case, if specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
"Fund Settlement Disruption" means a failure by a Fund on any day to pay the full 
amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of any fund redemption 
proceeds with respect to any Fund Interest scheduled to have been paid on or by

--- Page 449 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
449 
 
 
such day determined without regard to any gating, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests. 
(ii) 
"Fund Publication Disruption" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, a Fund 
Publication Date in respect of such Fund Interest falls after the relevant Scheduled 
Fund Publication Date in respect of such Fund Interest. 
"Fund Extraordinary Event" means any of a Fund Nationalisation, a Fund Insolvency Event, 
a NAV Trigger Event, an Adviser/Key Personnel Removal Event, a Fund Modification, a Fees 
or Charges Event, a Strategy Breach, a Regulatory Action, a Tax Change, a Reporting 
Disruption, a New Information Event, a Limitation Event, a Non Currency Redemption, a Fund 
Service Provider Cessation, a Fund Service Provider Disruption, a Related Agreement 
Termination, a Reputational Event, a Holding Limit Event, a Fund Adviser Event, a Holding 
Ratio, an Accounting Event, a Closure of the Fund or a Volcker Rule Non-Compliance Event, 
in each case, if specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement or any additional event 
specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
"Fund Nationalisation" means that all the Fund Interests or all or substantially all the 
assets of a Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(ii) 
"Fund Insolvency Event" means a Fund or relevant Fund Service Provider (A) is 
dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up or voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation or any analogous proceeding (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (B) makes a general assignment or 
arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (C) (X) institutes or has instituted 
against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or 
(Y) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or 
entity not described in clause (X) above and either (1) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation or (2) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(D) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days 
thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in (A) to (E) (inclusive) above. 
(iii) 
"NAV Trigger Event" means that a Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is 
applicable to, or affecting, it or its assets by operation of any law, any order or 
judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its 
assets, the relevant Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
(iv) 
"Adviser/Key Personnel Removal Event" means (a) the resignation, termination of 
appointment, or replacement of a Fund Adviser of a Fund or (b) any Key Personnel of 
a Fund or Fund Adviser ceases to act in its relevant capacity for any reason.

--- Page 450 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
450 
 
 
(v) 
"Fund Modification" means any actual or proposed change or modification of the 
relevant Fund Documents that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of a 
Fund Interest or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) from those prevailing on the first Trade Date or, 
in respect of a Replacement Fund Interest, the relevant replacement date. 
(vi) 
"Fees or Charges Event" means the imposition of any fees or charges in relation to 
redemptions, subscriptions or transfers of Fund Interests other than any such fee or 
charge in existence on the first Trade Date or, in respect of Replacement Fund 
Interests, the relevant replacement date. 
(vii) 
"Strategy Breach" means any breach or violation of or any change or material 
diversion from any strategy or investment guideline(s) stated in the relevant Fund 
Documents; or any change in the nature of a Fund, including but not limited to the 
type of investments, the duration, the credit risk and diversification of the investments 
to which that Fund is exposed in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(viii) 
"Regulatory Action" means (A) the cancellation, suspension or revocation of the 
registration or approval of a Fund Interest or the related Fund by any governmental, 
legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Interest or Fund, or (B) any 
change or proposed change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatment of a 
Fund or its Fund Adviser that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the 
value of the related Fund Interest or on any investor therein (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) or (C) a Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser or 
any of their Affiliates or agents becomes subject to investigation, proceedings or 
litigation (or any such investigation, proceedings or litigation is threatened or 
proposed) by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the 
alleged violation of applicable law for any activities (whether or not relating to or 
resulting from the operation of such Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser) or (D) 
any necessary or desirable action, condition or requirement (including without 
limitation the obtaining, effecting or maintenance of any necessary consent, approval, 
authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) for any Fund, 
Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator or any Fund Service Provider lawfully to enter into 
any obligation, exercise any rights or perform and comply with any obligation has not 
been taken, fulfilled or satisfied or (E) any relevant activities of a Fund, Fund 
Administrator or Fund Adviser (or activities related to any such entity) are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance 
with any present or future law, regulation, judgement, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the 
interpretation thereof. 
(ix) 
"Tax Change" means the imposition of, change in, or removal of an excise, 
severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or 
similar tax on a Fund, or measured by reference to, a Fund Interest (other than any 
tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any government 
or taxation authority after the Trade Date. 
(x) 
"Reporting Disruption" means (x) any failure of a Fund to deliver, or cause to be 
delivered, (A) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or caused to be 
delivered to the Calculation Agent, including, but not limited to, information necessary 
to determine the occurrence of a Fund Event and the annual audited financial report 
and semi-annual financial report, if any, in relation to the related Fund Interests, or (B) 
information that has been previously delivered to the Calculation Agent, in 
accordance with the normal practice of such Fund, or its authorised representative or 
any Service Provider and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor 
such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the related Fund Interests 
and/or (y) in the determination of the Calculation Agent (A) any information as 
referred to in (x)(B) above is or may be unreliable or inaccurate or unrepresentative of 
the Fund's assets or (B) any published or communicated net asset value of a Fund

--- Page 451 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
451 
 
 
Interest or calculation of the redemption proceeds of a Fund Interest is or may be 
unreliable or inaccurate or unrepresentative of the Fund's assets. 
(xi) 
"New Information Event" means (x) any information provided to the Calculation 
Agent by or in connection with any Fund, Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator or other 
Fund Service Provider is misleading or inaccurate in any respect or (y) the publication 
or dissemination (through any medium) of information is or becomes available which, 
if considered by itself or with information previously provided to the Calculation Agent, 
would be likely to cause a Hypothetical Investor to refrain from investing in or to seek 
to realise any investment in any Fund Interests, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(xii) 
"Limitation Event" means a material limitation is imposed on dealings in any Fund 
Interests, a Fund's dealing schedule is changed (including, but not limited to, a 
change in notice periods for redemptions or imposition of gating provisions), 
subscription and/or redemption liquidity in any Fund Interests is reduced, there is a 
material reduction in the assets under management of a Fund since the Trade Date, 
or any other event occurs, which restricts, in whole or in part (on a permanent or 
temporary basis) dealings of any nature with respect to a Fund Interest (whether or 
not the relevant event occurs pursuant to any provisions permitting the Fund to 
restrict in any way dealings with respect to the relevant Fund Interest). 
(xiii) 
"Non Currency Redemption" means any Fund Interests are redeemed otherwise 
than in cash or are redeemed in a currency(ies) other than the currency(ies) in which 
as of the Trade Date (and according to the Fund Documents or as otherwise 
communicated to the Calculation Agent) it is intended Fund redemptions shall occur. 
(xiv) 
"Fund Service Provider Cessation" means that one or more Fund Service 
Provider(s) in respect of a Fund ceases to provide the service as outlined in the 
relevant Fund Documents (or as otherwise communicated to the Calculation Agent) 
on the Trade Date or, where the related Fund Interest is a Replacement Fund 
Interest, the relevant replacement date, and any such Fund Service Provider is not 
immediately replaced by another service provider acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent. 
(xv) 
"Fund Service Provider Disruption" means any event or circumstances 
compromising the independence of a Fund Service Provider performing services for a 
Fund from the relevant Fund Adviser. 
(xvi) 
"Related Agreement Termination" means a Fund or its Fund Administrator or Fund 
Adviser or any other relevant party as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
is in breach of or has terminated any existing agreement with the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates or agents in respect of, but not limited to, retrocession, dealing fees, liquidity 
and licensing. 
(xvii) 
"Reputational Event" that association or continued association by the Issuer with the 
Fund or any Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser in any capacity, including, without 
limitation, through the Securities, would be detrimental to the reputation of the Issuer 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
(xviii) 
"Holding Limit Event" means, in respect of a Fund, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the relevant Fund is a Restricted Fund and, if the Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates were Hypothetical Investor(s) in any Hypothetical Hedging Arrangements, 
the aggregate holding by all such Hypothetical Investor(s) of interests in such Fund 
(including any such Hypothetical Hedging Arrangements and taking into account all 
the other activities of such Hypothetical Investors), would constitute or would be likely 
to constitute (directly or indirectly) ownership, control or the power to vote in respect 
of the Voting Percentage of any class of voting securities of such Fund.  For the 
purposes of this definition, "Voting Percentage" means the percentage specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, 25 per cent. or more.

--- Page 452 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
452 
 
 
(xix) 
"Fund Adviser Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a 
period of twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser 
(including the Fund) has decreased by fifty percent (50%) (either due to redemptions 
or decrease in value of such assets). 
(xx) 
"Holding Ratio" means the reduction of the Fund's aggregate net asset value under 
an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to 
have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund and/or its 
operating expenses or would increase the proportion of Fund Interests held, or likely 
to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by the Issuer and/or 
one of its Affiliates, to such extent that the full redemption in one single order of the 
Fund Interests held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the same, is 
likely to be impaired. 
(xxi) 
"Accounting Event" means the Issuer is required, pursuant to any accounting or 
other applicable regulations in accordance with which it prepares financial 
statements, to consolidate the Fund. 
(xxii) 
"Closure of the Fund" means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Fund for 
any reason other than Fund Insolvency Event or Fund Increased Cost of Hedging. 
For the purposes of the above, "Restricted Fund" means a fund in respect of which 
the holding of interests in such fund is subject to monitoring by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates for the purposes of the Volcker Rule, under Section 13 of the United 
States Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, 12 U.S.C. § 1851, including any 
regulations, rules or guidelines made by the relevant governmental authority under, or 
issued by the relevant governmental authority in connection with, such rule. 
(xxiii) 
"Volcker Rule Non-Compliance Event" means a Fund or its Fund Administrator or 
Fund Adviser fails to provide an executed U.S. Volcker Rule compliance letter 
confirming the Issuer's understanding of the Fund's US activities within 5 Business 
Days upon the receipt of the form of such letter from the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or 
agents. 
"Fund Potential Adjustment Event" means, if Fund Potential Adjustment Event is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Fund Interests or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Interests to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Fund Interests of (A) 
such Fund Interests or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to 
payment of distributions and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the related Fund equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Interests or (C) share 
capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the related Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (D) any 
other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in 
cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend in respect of the Fund as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(iv) 
a repurchase by a Fund of relevant Fund Interests whether out of profits or capital 
and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise 
other than where such repurchase is a redemption of Fund Interests initiated by an 
investor in such Fund Interests and consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; or

--- Page 453 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
453 
 
 
(v) 
any other event that may have, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of relevant Fund 
Interests. 
A Fund Potential Adjustment Event may be due to, for example but without limitation, the 
replacement of a portion of any Fund Interest with shares or units of or in relation to a side 
pocket or a special purpose vehicle to which the relevant Fund has linked or transferred any 
interest in its portfolio of assets ("Spin-off Fund Interests"). 
10. 
DYNAMIC Baskets of Underlying Assets 
Where the Underlying Assets are dynamic basket(s) of Underlying Assets, the basket 
constituents may vary during the term of the Securities and additional terms and conditions in 
relation thereto shall be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
11. 
Relevant Accounts 
Where the Securities are linked to one or more relevant account(s) held with such entity as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement ("Relevant Accounts") the terms and 
conditions in relation thereto shall be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
12. 
Determinations and Calculations 
All determinations and calculations made by the Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) 
pursuant to these Equity and Market Access Product Terms shall be made pursuant to 
Warrant Condition  10, Note Condition  12 or Certificate Condition  8 (as applicable) and, in 
respect of the determination and calculation of fair market value, shall also be made pursuant 
to Warrant Condition  17, Note Condition  6(j) or Certificate Condition  3(g) (as applicable).

--- Page 454 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
454 
 
 
ANNEX 1 - TERMS APPLICABLE TO MARKET ACCESS PRODUCTS ONLY 
If "Market Access Product Terms" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to 
Securities which are linked to Underlying Asset(s) or Indices (the "Market Access Product 
Securities"), then the relevant provisions in this Annex shall apply. 
(i) 
Regulatory Change Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Change Event, the Calculation Agent will (a) make the 
corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the terms of the Equity and Market 
Access Product Terms and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for the effect of such Regulatory 
Change Event and (b) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
Upon making any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, stating the 
adjustment made to the Equity and Market Access Product Terms and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms and giving brief details of the Regulatory Change Event. 
(ii) 
Taxation 
In relation to each Security, the relevant Securityholder shall pay all taxes, duties and/or 
expenses, including any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, 
stamp duty, registration fees, securities transfer fees and/or other taxes or duties arising in 
connection with any payment of a Final Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, a 
Settlement Amount in respect of such Security. All payments in respect of the Securities will 
be subject, in all cases, to all applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations (including, 
where applicable, laws requiring the deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any tax, 
duty or other charge whatsoever). 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Securityholder 
shall be liable for and/or pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment whatsoever 
which may arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, any transfer or any 
payment in respect of the Securities held by the Securityholder. 
The Issuer shall have the right, but shall not be obliged, to withhold or deduct from any 
amount payable to the Securityholder such amount as shall be necessary to account for or to 
pay any such tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment in respect of a Hedge 
Transaction. 
(iii) 
Limited Recourse 
To the extent the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or nominees enter into securities, futures or 
derivatives transaction(s) ("Hedge Transactions") with any party ("Hedge Counterparty") in 
any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, an entity affiliated, related to or controlled by the 
Issuer or any entity through which the Issuer or its Affiliates or nominees purchase and or 
hold interests in the Underlying Assets or other relevant securities or contracts to hedge the 
Issuer's position under the Securities and the Hedge Counterparty for such transactions fails 
or delays for any reason (including a default by the local exchange or clearing house, a 
change in law, rules or regulations applicable to the holding of the Underlying Asset, Hedge 
Transaction or Securities, or a failure by the Issuer of the Underlying Asset to pay or deliver 
any dividend, distribution of any kind or other properties receivable pursuant to corporate 
actions in respect of the Underlying Assets) to make any payment or delivery with respect to a 
Hedge Transaction, then the Issuer's obligation to pay any amounts due under the Securities 
shall be reduced and/or delayed accordingly.

--- Page 455 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
455 
 
 
(iv) 
Interim Payments 
(a) 
Interim Payments on Market Access Product Warrants 
THIS PARAGRAPH  (iv) (a) IS APPLICABLE TO MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT 
WARRANTS ONLY 
If "Interim Payments" are specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to any Market Access Product Warrant that relate to a single Underlying 
Asset or a basket of Underlying Assets, the Issuer will pay (or cause to be paid), in 
respect of such Market Access Product Warrant, an amount equal to the Interim 
Payment Amount on the applicable "Interim Payment Date" (being, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 5th Business Day following the date the 
relevant Applicable Cash Dividend Amount is received by a Qualified Investor entitled 
to receive it). 
If the Asset Issuer fails to deliver to a Qualified Investor entitled to receive it any 
Applicable Cash Dividend Amount before the 10th day after the Exercise Date (in the 
case of European Style Warrants) or the earliest of any Actual Exercise Date and the 
Expiration Date (in the case of American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style 
Warrants) or such other date specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Applicable 
Cash Dividend Failure Date"), the Warrantholders will receive no payment in 
respect of any such unpaid Applicable Cash Dividend Amount, and the Issuer will, or 
will cause the Calculation Agent to, provide written notice to the Relevant Agent 
promptly after such Applicable Cash Dividend Failure Date. 
(b) 
Interim Payments on Market Access Product Certificates and Market Access Product 
Notes 
THIS PARAGRAPH  (iv) (b) IS APPLICABLE TO MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT 
CERTIFICATES AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT NOTES ONLY 
If "Interim Payments" are specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to any Market Access Product Certificate or Market Access Product Note that 
relate to a single Underlying Asset or a basket of Underlying Assets, payment of an 
Interim Payment Amount shall be made to the Market Access Product 
Certificateholder or Market Access Product Noteholder on the applicable "Interim 
Payment Date". 
If the Asset Issuer fails to deliver to a Qualified Investor entitled to receive it any 
Applicable Cash Dividend Amount before the Maturity Date (the "Applicable Cash 
Dividend Failure Date"), the Certificateholders or Noteholders will receive no 
payment in respect of any such unpaid Applicable Cash Dividend Amount, and the 
Issuer will, or will cause the Calculation Agent to, provide written notice to the 
Certificate Agent or Paying Agent promptly after such Applicable Cash Dividend 
Failure Date. 
(v) 
Settlement Amount 
THIS PARAGRAPH  (v) IS APPLICABLE TO MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT WARRANTS 
ONLY 
The definition of Settlement Amount in the Warrants Conditions is deleted and replaced with 
the following: 
"Settlement Amount" means, in respect of each Market Access Product Warrant and subject 
to Physical Election (if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms), either (a) in respect of 
Exempt Securities, the amount specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement or (b) 
otherwise, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to:

--- Page 456 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
456 
 
 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms: 
(1) 
if such Market Access Product Warrants are Call Warrants, Specified 
Percentage x (Reference Price less Strike Price) less Execution Cost; and 
(2) 
if such Market Access Product Warrants are Put Warrants, Specified 
Percentage x (Strike Price less Reference Price) less Execution Cost; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms: 
(1) 
if such Market Access Product Warrants are Call Warrants, Specified 
Percentage x (the arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices for all the 
Averaging Dates less Strike Price) less Execution Cost; and 
(2) 
if such Market Access Product Warrants are Put Warrants, Specified 
Percentage x (Strike Price less the arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices 
for all the Averaging Dates less Execution Cost); 
provided always that the Settlement Amount shall in no event be less than zero. The 
Settlement Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of 
Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of 
Japanese Yen, half of one unit) being rounded upwards. Where the Warrants are not 
specified to be Alternate MAP Securities or where "Execution Cost" is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, references to "Execution Cost" in the above 
formulae shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the Settlement Amount. 
(vi) 
Additional Provisions for Use with an Indian Underlying Asset/Index 
If "Additional Provisions for Use with an Indian Underlying Asset/Index" is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then: each Securityholder shall be deemed to 
represent and warrant, on each date on which it holds any Securities, as follows: 
(i) 
it is not (i) a "person resident in India" (as such term is defined in the Foreign 
Exchange Management Act, 1999 as may be amended from time to time), or (ii) a 
"Non-Resident Indian" (as such term is defined in the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Deposit) Regulations, 2016 as may be amended or supplemented from 
time to time) (each, a "Restricted Entity"); 
(ii) 
it is not a person/entity whose controller is a Restricted Entity. 
For the purposes of this representation, a "controller" means any person or group of 
persons (acting pursuant to any agreement or understanding (whether formal or 
informal, written or otherwise)) who: 
(a) 
is/are entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, a majority or more of the 
voting power of an entity; or 
(b) 
holds or is otherwise entitled to a majority or more of the economic interest in 
an entity; or 
(c) 
in fact exercises control over an entity. 
For the purposes of this representation, "control" means the ability to appoint a 
majority or more of the directors of an entity, or the capacity to control decision-
making, directly or indirectly, in relation to the financial, investment and/or operating 
policies of an entity in any manner. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing definition, in the case only where an entity's 
investments are being managed on a discretionary basis by an investment manager,

--- Page 457 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
457 
 
 
such investment manager shall not be deemed to be such entity's controller for the 
purposes of this representation by reason only of it being able to control the decision-
making in relation to the entity's financial, investment and/or operating policies; 
(iii) 
it has purchased and held the Securities as a principal for its own account and not as 
an agent, nominee, trustee or representative of any other person and it has not 
entered into any agreement for the issuance of a back-to-back offshore derivative 
instruments against the Securities. For the purposes of this paragraph, a "back-to-
back offshore derivative instruments" shall not include the issue of any offshore 
derivative instruments issued by a holder or its affiliate/associate who has disclosed 
the terms and parties to such back–to-back offshore derivative instruments in the 
form and manner prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India pursuant 
to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Institutional Investors) 
Regulations, 1995, and notifications, circulars, rules and guidelines of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India issued from time to time ("FII Regulations") (in 
particular under Regulation 20A of the FII Regulations); 
(iv) 
it has not purchased the Security with the intent of circumventing or otherwise 
avoiding any requirements applicable under the FII Regulations (including, without 
limitation, any restrictions applying to foreign institutional investors in relation to their 
issuances and/or other dealings in offshore derivative instruments with Restricted 
Entities and "Unregulated Entities" (as defined below)); 
(v) 
it is a "person regulated by an appropriate foreign regulatory authority" (as such term 
and/or requirements relating thereto is defined or otherwise interpreted for the 
purposes of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) 
Regulations, 2014, as revised from time to time) (a "Regulated Entity"); 
(vi) 
it shall not, and shall ensure that none of its nominees or associates or affiliates shall 
sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of the Security, or enter into any 
back-to-back offshore derivatives instruments or enter into an agreement with respect 
to any of the foregoing (each, a "Transfer") to an entity which is a Restricted Entity or 
an entity which is not a Regulated Entity (an "Unregulated Entity").  Prior to any 
Transfer being undertaken in respect of the Security: 
(a) 
it shall obtain the prior written consent of the Issuer or the Issuer's 
associates/affiliates, which consent may be provided or withheld by the 
Issuer or the Issuer's associates/affiliates acting in its sole and absolute 
discretion under this paragraph; 
(b) 
it shall issue a written notice ("Transfer Notice") to the Issuer substantially in 
the format specified by the Issuer from time to timer; and 
(c) 
upon receipt of the Transfer Notice, the Issuer, its associates and affiliates 
shall have the right to require the person to whom the Transfer is proposed to 
be made ("Proposed Transferee") to provide, and the holder shall procure 
that the Proposed Transferee promptly provides the Issuer or the Issuer's 
associates/affiliates (as the case may be) with, all such information that the 
Issuer may require under its client on-boarding programme, anti-money 
laundering programme or other such programme (as the case may be) 
(collectively, "Client Identification Programme"). 
For avoidance of doubt it is clarified that in the event the Transfer is pursuant to a 
buy-back of the Securities by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates, the provisions of 
this paragraph shall not apply. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, a "back–to-back offshore derivative instruments" 
shall not include the issue of any offshore derivative instruments to be issued by a 
holder or its affiliate/associate who makes monthly or periodic disclosure of offshore

--- Page 458 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
458 
 
 
derivative instruments transactions to the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
and will disclose the terms and parties to such back–to-back offshore derivative 
instruments in the form and manner prescribed by the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India pursuant to the FII Regulations (in particular under Regulation 20A of 
the FII Regulations); 
(vii) 
the Issuer and its associates/affiliates are authorised to provide information in their 
possession regarding the holder, the Proposed Transferee, the nominees or 
associates/affiliates of the holder and/or the Proposed Transferee, the Securities and 
any breach of these representations and warranties to any Indian governmental or 
regulatory authorities (each an "Authority") as the Issuer or its associates/affiliates 
reasonably deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or 
requests of such Authority from time to time, including but not limited to disclosures in 
periodic reportings made by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates to any Authority; 
(viii) 
that it will and shall procure that the nominees or associates/affiliates of the holder to, 
at the sole option of the Issuer or its associates/affiliates, either: (i) provide the Issuer 
or its associates/affiliates (as the case may be) promptly with such additional 
information that the Issuer or its associates/affiliates (as the case may be) reasonably 
deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or requests of 
any Authority from time to time (such information, the "Additional Information"), or 
(ii) subject to such Authority accepting such direct provision, promptly provide such 
Additional Information directly to such Authority and promptly confirm in writing to the 
Issuer or its associates/affiliates that it has done so; 
(ix) 
that the holder acknowledges that non-compliance with, or breach, violation or 
contravention of, the obligations under this paragraph (including, without limitation, 
any restrictions with respect to a Transfer) ("Holder Obligations") may result in non-
compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of, applicable laws, regulations, 
governmental orders or directions, regulatory sanctions against the Issuer and/or its 
associates/affiliates and cause irreparable harm to the Issuer and/or its associates/ 
affiliates. Accordingly, the holder further acknowledges and agrees that, in the event 
of any non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention of the Holder 
Obligations by the holder, the Issuer or its associates/affiliates may notify the 
Authority of the breach violation or contravention and, to the extent permissible by 
applicable laws and regulations, exercise any rights and take any measures available 
to it, or any other measures to prevent, avoid, mitigate, remedy or cure such non-
compliance, breach, violation or contravention, including but not limited to termination 
of the Security by the Issuer or its associates/affiliates; and 
(x) 
that the Issuer or its associates/affiliates may, to the extent required to comply with 
applicable laws, regulations, notifications, circulars, rules, guidelines, clarifications, 
directions, orders and/or decrees issued by a governmental or regulatory authority, 
issue a written notice to the holder amending the terms of these representations and 
warranties and such written notice shall be effective and deemed agreed and 
accepted by the holder when issued. 
(xi) 
The provisions of paragraphs  (vii) to  (x) shall survive the termination of the Securities. 
(vii) 
Additional Provisions for Use with a Taiwan Underlying Asset/Index 
If "Additional Provisions for Use with a Taiwan Underlying Asset/Index" is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then: each Securityholder shall be deemed to 
represent and warrant, on each date on which it holds any Securities, as follows: 
(i) 
it is independent of and not acting in concert nor connected with the directors, chief 
executives, substantial shareholders and management shareholders (each, an 
"Insider") of any Issuer of the shares (to which the Securities relate), its subsidiaries 
or associates;

--- Page 459 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
459 
 
 
(ii) 
it is not or will not directly or indirectly be funded by (1) any monies originating from 
Taiwan or (2) any person deemed or connected to an Insider of the Issuer of the 
shares (to which the Securities relate), its subsidiaries or associates; and 
(iii) 
it expressly consents to the disclosure by the Issuer or its associates / affiliates to the 
relevant Taiwan authorities, information relating to the Securities, including, but not 
limited to, the identity of the Securityholder and details of the Securities, in order for 
the Issuer or any of its associates / affiliates to comply with any laws and regulations 
of Taiwan that may apply from time to time (including, without limitation, the 
Regulations Governing Securities and Investment by Overseas Chinese and Foreign 
Nationals and any supplemental or amending regulations or announcements thereto 
or replacements thereof). 
(viii) 
Additional Provisions for Other Jurisdictions 
If "Additional Provisions for Other Jurisdictions" is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then, without prejudice to the generality of any applicable law, each 
Securityholder shall be deemed to consent to the disclosure by the Issuer or any of its 
Affiliates to the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of the Underlying Asset or Index 
("Relevant Jurisdiction"), information relating to the Securities, including the name of the 
Securityholder, in order for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to comply with laws and 
regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction that are applicable to the Issuer or any of its Affiliates 
in connection with their dealings in the Underlying Asset or Index. 
(ix) 
Definitions: 
"Alternate MAP Securities" means Market Access Product Securities which are specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Applicable Cash Dividend Amount" shall mean the net cash dividend on one Underlying 
Asset, paid to a Qualified Investor entitled to receive it in respect of any single declaration of 
cash dividends, less the sum of (i) such cash dividend amount multiplied by the Dividend 
Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and (ii) other costs, commissions and 
fees incurred by a Qualified Investor in respect of such dividend amount, converted into the 
Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate (determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent, the ex-dividend date for 
which falls during the period from and including the Dividend Start Date of the first Tranche of 
the Securities to and including the earlier of (a) the Valuation Date (in the case of Market 
Access Product Certificates and Market Access Product Notes) or the Actual Exercise Date 
(in the case of Market Access Product Warrants), and (b) the Early Redemption Date (in the 
case of Market Access Product Certificates and Market Access Product Notes) or the 
Expiration Date (in the case of Market Access Product American Style Warrants or Bermudan 
Style Warrants) or the Exercise Date (in the case of Market Access Product European Style 
Warrants)). 
"Chinese QFII" means an entity outside the People's Republic of China which meets the 
requirements of the Measures and is approved by the China Securities Regulatory 
Commission to invest in Chinese securities markets and has registered with the State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange ("Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor"), where 
"Measures" means the provisional measures regarding the regulation of a Qualified Foreign 
Institutional Investor's investment in domestic securities. 
"Dividend Percentage" shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Dividend Start Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Exchange Rate" means the exchange rate as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
if "Actual" is specified as the Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 460 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
460 
 
 
the Specified Currency/Local Currency exchange rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the rates of exchange actually obtained by the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates, and such factors as the Calculation Agent may decide, for 
the purchase of the Specified Currency with the Local Currency or vice versa upon 
(a) the Issuer's and/or its Affiliates' acquisition or disposal of the Underlying Assets, 
Index Components or futures or options contracts relating to the related Indices, in 
relation to the Valuation Date, Early Redemption Date, Exercise Date or Expiration 
Date, as the case may be, or (b) the receipt by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of any 
Applicable Cash Dividend Amount, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if "Market" is specified as the Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms: 
the Specified Currency/Local Currency exchange rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the 
Relevant Screen Page (specified in the applicable Issue Terms) at the relevant time, 
as the determined by the Calculation Agent, for the purchase of the Specified 
Currency with the Local Currency or vice versa on (a) the Valuation Date, Early 
Redemption Date, Exercise Date or Expiration Date, as the case may be, or (b) the 
Interim Payment Date or such other date as be determined by the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable. 
"Execution Cost" means, in respect of Alternate MAP Securities and if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount equal to 10 per cent. of the excess (if 
any) of the Reference Price over the Initial Reference Price, converted into the Specified 
Currency at the relevant Exchange Rate (determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms). 
"Final Execution Period" means the period from (and including) the Valuation Date to (and 
including) the earliest date by which the Issuer and/or its Affiliates could complete the sale of 
the required number of Underlying Assets or as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Final Redemption Amount"  means, subject to Physical Election (if specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms): 
(a) 
in respect of each Market Access Product Note, the amount specified as such or the 
amount determined as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(b) 
in respect of each Market Access Product Certificate: 
(i) 
in the case of Long Certificates, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to: Specified Percentage x Reference Price; 
(ii) 
in the case of Short Certificates, the amount specified as such or determined 
as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
provided always that such amount shall in no event be less than zero. The amount calculated 
will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the 
nearest whole unit) in the Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half of 
one unit) being rounded upwards. The amount determined pursuant to the foregoing shall be 
converted into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate (determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and such converted amount shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount. 
"Indian FII" means an entity incorporated outside India that is registered as a Foreign 
Institutional Investor with the Securities and Exchange Board of India.  
"Initial Reference Price" means the price of the Underlying Asset, Basket of Underlying 
Assets, Index or Basket of Indices specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 461 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
461 
 
 
"Interim Payment Amount" shall mean an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the 
Applicable Cash Dividend Amount on the relevant ex-dividend date (net of any and all 
withholding taxes based upon the maximum statutory rates applicable to a Qualified Investor 
in connection with the receipt of such dividends). The Calculation Agent will determine the 
Interim Payment Amount, if any, in respect of the Securities. 
"Korean Investor ID Holder" means an entity incorporated outside the Republic of Korea 
that is holding an investment identity card issued by the Financial Supervisory Service of the 
Republic of Korea. 
"Malaysian Foreign Investor" means a corporation that both (a) is incorporated outside 
Malaysia, and (b) does not have any place of business in Malaysia. 
"Physical Election" means that the Securityholder may, by giving a notice to the Issuer 
before the day falling on the 5th Business Day prior to the Settlement Date or the Maturity 
Date, as applicable, elect to receive the Asset Amount in respect of each Security. The 
Securityholder will assume all costs of delivering the Underlying Asset including, but not 
limited to, all commissions, sales taxes and stamp duties, provided that Physical Election will 
only be available if and only if the following conditions precedent are satisfied: (i) the 
Securityholder has the required approvals and accounts allowing physical settlement of the 
Underlying Asset; (ii) physical settlement is permitted in accordance with all applicable laws 
and regulations from time to time in force (including but not limited to foreign ownership 
limits). 
The Issuer may request Securityholder to provide additional proof or certification to 
demonstrate that it has complied with the necessary local legal and regulatory requirements. 
If a Securityholder elects physical settlement but the Calculation Agent determines that any of 
the conditions precedent above is not satisfied, then the Securities shall be deemed to be 
cash settled securities and the relevant Securityholder shall be deemed to have elected cash 
settlement. In such case, the Settlement Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be, may 
be postponed to the day on which settlement can be effected in a practicable manner. 
In the case of Physical Election, the Issuer may determine in its discretion to only deliver the 
Underlying Assets in multiple of board lot and pay cash in respect of any odd lot shares. 
"Qualified Investor" means, where the Relevant Jurisdiction is the Republic of Korea, India, 
Malaysia, Taiwan or the People's Republic of China, a Korean Investor ID Holder, an Indian 
FII, a Malaysian Foreign Investor, a Taiwan FINI and a Chinese QFII respectively. 
"Reference Price" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in 
respect of Exempt Securities: 
(a) 
if "Actual" is specified as the Reference Price in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
where the Securities relate to a Single Underlying Asset, an amount 
denominated in the Local Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
being the volume weighted average execution price per Underlying Asset 
actually received by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates if it actually sold the 
Underlying Assets on the Valuation Date or during the Final Execution Period 
or (if Averaging is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) on or around an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, less any tax, duties, costs, 
commissions and other fees incurred by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates in 
connection with such sale, or if such sales were not made, the execution 
price which would have been payable to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates had it 
sold such Underlying Assets on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date or (if Averaging is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, less any tax, duties, costs,

--- Page 462 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
462 
 
 
commissions and other fees that would have been incurred by the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates had it made such a sale; or 
(ii) 
where the Securities relate to a Basket of Underlying Assets, an amount 
denominated in the Local Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
being the sum of the products of (A) the volume weighted average execution 
price for each Underlying Asset actually received by the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates if it actually sold the Underlying Assets on the Valuation Date or 
during the Final Execution Period or (if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) on or around an Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, less any tax, duties, costs, commissions and other fees incurred by the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates in connection with such sale, or if such sales were 
not made, the execution price which would have been payable to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates had it sold each Underlying Asset on the Exchange at the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or (if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) an Averaging Date, as the case may be, less any 
tax, duties, costs, commissions and other fees that would have been incurred 
by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates had it made such a sale, and (B) the 
relevant Multiplier for that Underlying Asset; or 
(iii) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a 
single Index, an amount denominated in the Local Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent being the volume weighted average execution price 
actually received by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates if it actually unwound or 
otherwise disposed its related hedging arrangements (including, but not 
limited to, any futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index) on 
the Valuation Date or during the Final Execution Period or (if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) on or around an Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, less any tax, duties, costs, commissions and other fees 
incurred by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates in connection with such unwinding 
or disposal, or if such unwinding or disposal was not made, the execution 
price which would have been payable to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates had it 
unwound or otherwise disposed such hedging arrangements at the Valuation 
Time on the Valuation Date or (if Averaging is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) an Averaging Date, as the case may be, less any tax, duties, 
costs, commissions and other fees that would have been incurred by the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates had it unwound or otherwise disposed its hedging 
arrangements; or 
(iv) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a 
Basket of Indices, an amount denominated in the Local Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent being the sum of the products of (A) the volume 
weighted average execution price actually received by the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates if it actually unwound or otherwise disposed its related hedging 
arrangements (including but not limited to, any futures or options contracts 
relating to the relevant Index) on the Valuation Date or during the Final 
Execution Period or (if Averaging is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
on or around an Averaging Date, as the case may be, less any tax, duties, 
costs, commissions and other fees incurred by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
in connection with such unwinding or disposal, or if such unwinding or 
disposal was not made, the execution price which would have been payable 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates had it unwound or otherwise disposed such 
hedging arrangements at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or (if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) an Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, less any tax, duties, costs, commissions and other fees that 
would have been incurred by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates had it unwound or 
otherwise disposed its hedging arrangements, and (B) the relevant Multiplier 
for that Index; or

--- Page 463 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
463 
 
 
(b) 
if "Market" is specified as the Reference Price in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
where the Securities relate to a Single Underlying Asset, an amount 
denominated in the Local Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
being the volume weighted average price for the Underlying Asset traded on 
the Exchange, as determined by the Calculation Agent, at the Valuation Time 
on the Valuation Date or (if Averaging is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) an Averaging Date, as the case may be, less any tax, duties, costs, 
commissions and other fees usually incurred in connection with the sale of 
the Underlying Asset; or 
(ii) 
where the Securities relate to a Basket of Underlying Assets, an amount 
denominated in the Local Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
being the sum of the products of (A) the volume weighted average price for 
the Underlying Assets traded on the Exchange, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or (if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) an Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, less any tax, duties, costs, commissions and other fees 
usually incurred in connection with the sale of the Underlying Assets, and (B) 
the relevant Multiplier for that Underlying Asset; or 
(iii) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a 
single Index, the official closing level of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date or (if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) an Averaging Date, as the case may be, without 
regard to any subsequently published correction; or 
(iv) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a 
Basket of Indices, the sum of the products of (A) the official closing level of 
each Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date or 
(if Averaging is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) an Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, without regard to any subsequently published correction, 
and (B) the relevant Multiplier for that Index. 
The amount determined pursuant to the foregoing shall be converted into the Specified 
Currency at the Exchange Rate (determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and such converted amount shall be the Reference Price. 
"Regulatory Change Event" means any event which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, constitutes: 
(a) 
the adoption of, a change in or a change in the interpretation or administration of, any 
law, rule or regulation by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable 
agency ("Regulatory Authority"); and/or 
(b) 
the compliance by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates with any request or directive 
of any Regulatory Authority (whether or not having the force of law), and 
which (1) imposes, modifies, applies or eliminates any tax, reserve, special deposit, insurance 
assessment or any other requirement in respect of assets or deposits of the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates in respect of (i) the issue, redemption or exercise, as the case may be, of the 
Securities or (ii) any transaction entered into by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge, 
either directly or indirectly, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities; and/or (2) 
affects in any other way the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates of: (i) the issue, 
redemption or exercise, as the case may be, of the Securities; and/or (ii) hedging, either 
directly or indirectly, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Securities. 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 464 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
464 
 
 
"Taiwan FINI" means an entity incorporated outside Taiwan with foreign institutional investor 
(FINI) status in Taiwan.

--- Page 465 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
465 
 
 
ANNEX 2 – TERMS APPLICABLE TO UNDERLYING ASSETS TRADED THROUGH THE CHINA 
CONNECT SERVICE ONLY 
If "Additional Provisions for Underlying Assets traded through the China Connect Service" is specified 
as applying in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to an Underlying Asset then the provisions of this 
Annex shall apply in relation to such Underlying Asset. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) 
the Equity and Market Access Product Terms (other than the provisions set out in this Annex 2) and 
(ii) the provisions of this Annex 2, the provisions of this Annex 2 shall prevail.  
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
In its determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Underlying Asset of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any 
related adjustments to the terms of the Securities, the Calculation Agent may take into 
account any requirement, adjustment and/or limitation that may be imposed by the China 
Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or more of the relevant Exchange, 
SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Potential Adjustment Event in respect of 
Underlying Assets held through the China Connect Service. 
(b) 
Merger Event and Tender Offer 
In its determinations of any adjustments to the terms of the Securities to account for the 
economic effect on the Securities of any relevant Merger Event or Tender Offer, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent may take into account any requirement, adjustment and/or 
limitation that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any 
one or more of the relevant Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Merger 
Event or Tender Offer in respect of Underlying Assets held through the China Connect 
Service. 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Events  
(a) 
China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination 
Each of "China Connect Share Disqualification" and "China Connect Service 
Termination" shall constitute Additional Disruption Events for the purposes of the 
Equity and Market Access Product Terms. 
If "China Connect Share Disqualification" or "China Connect Service Termination" is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then, upon the occurrence of 
such an event, the Issuer may, in its discretion, having given not more than 30 nor 
less than 15 days' notice to Securityholders in accordance with the General 
Conditions, redeem or cancel the Securities by paying an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as representing their fair market value on such day as the 
Calculation Agent shall select. 
For the purposes thereof: 
"China Connect Share Disqualification" means, on or after the Trade Date, the 
Underlying Assets cease to be accepted as "China Connect Securities" (as defined in 
the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service. 
"China Connect Service Termination" means, on or after the Trade Date, the 
announcement by one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the 
China Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially affects the 
routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Underlying Assets through the China 
Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable 
likelihood that such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, temporary.

--- Page 466 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
466 
 
 
(b) 
Hedging Disruption 
For the purpose of the definition of Hedging Disruption (as defined in paragraph 8 of 
the Equity and Market Access Product Terms), a Hedging Disruption includes 
(without limitations) any inability to hedge by the Hedging Party or its Affiliates as a 
result of compliance with any foreign ownership restrictions imposed by the issuer of 
any Underlying Asset, any exchange or any court, tribunal, government or regulatory 
authority in the PRC or Hong Kong.  
In addition, in respect of any Hedging Disruption and for the avoidance of doubt, 
"using commercially reasonable efforts" to hedge the risks with respect to the 
Securities does not include the use of any quota granted to such Hedging Party of its 
Affiliates under the Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII) or Renminbi 
Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (RQFII) schemes. 
(d) 
Market Disruption Event 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to an Underlying Asset: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time of: 
(A) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: 
(1) 
relating to the Underlying Asset on the Exchange; or 
(2) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying Asset on any 
relevant Related Exchange; or 
(B) 
any event (other than as described in (ii) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (1) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the 
Underlying Asset on the Exchange or (2) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the Underlying 
Asset on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(C) 
a China Connect Disruption, 
which, in the case of each of (A), (B) or (C) above, the Calculation Agent determines is 
material; or 
(ii) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(iii) 
a China Connect Early Closure. 
For the purposes thereof: 
"China Connect Disruption" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, (i) any suspension of 
or limitation imposed on routing of orders (including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders 
only or both buy and sell orders) through the China Connect Service, relating to the 
Underlying Asset on the relevant Exchange or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect 
Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Underlying Assets through the 
China Connect Service.

--- Page 467 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
467 
 
 
"China Connect Early Closure" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, the closure on 
any China Connect Business Day of the China Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the relevant Exchange, as 
the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-
routing through the China Connect Service on such China Connect Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for 
execution on the relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business 
Day. 
"China Connect Business Day" means, in respect of an Underlying Asset, any Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying Asset on which the China Connect Service is open for order-
routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect Service 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
(e) 
Definitions relating to Underlying Assets 
"China Connect Service" means the securities trading and clearing links programme 
developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its 
Affiliates provides order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded 
on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, settlement, depository and 
other services in relation to such securities.  
"CSDCC" means China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in relation to an Underlying Asset, any Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Underlying Asset (i) on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange for such 
Underlying Asset fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, or (ii) on which the 
China Connect Service fails to open for order-routing during its regular order-routing session, 
or (iii) on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Exchange Business Day" means in relation to an Underlying Asset, any Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Underlying Asset (i) on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for 
such Underlying Asset are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and (ii) which is a China Connect Business Day. 
"HKSCC" means the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic 
of China. 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange, Related Exchange or the 
China Connect Service and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of 
such Exchange, Related Exchange or the China Connect Service on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard (in the case of any Exchange or Related Exchange) to after hours or any 
other trading outside of the regular trading session hours or (in the case of the China Connect 
Service) any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing 
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in relation to an Underlying Asset, any day on which (i 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Underlying Asset are scheduled to be 
open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions and (ii) the China Connect 
Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions.  
"SEHK" means The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

--- Page 468 ---
EQUITY AND MARKET ACCESS PRODUCT TERMS 
 
 
468 
 
 
(f) 
Consent to Regulatory Disclosure 
Without prejudice to the generality of any applicable law, each Securityholder shall be 
deemed to consent to the disclosure by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to the relevant 
authorities in the jurisdiction of the incorporation or organisation of the issuer of the 
Underlying Asset (a "Relevant Jurisdiction"), the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange 
is located (the "Local Jurisdiction"), a jurisdiction in which the SEHK is located (a "CCS 
Jurisdiction") or any jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer of the Underlying Asset (a 
"Tax Residence Jurisdiction"), information relating to the Securities, including the name of 
such Securityholder in order for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to comply with laws and 
regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, the Local Jurisdiction, the CCS Jurisdiction or Tax 
Residence Jurisdiction that are applicable to the Issuer or its Affiliates in connection with their 
dealings in the Underlying Asset.

--- Page 469 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
469 
 
 
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
Interpretation 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms of the Notes, the terms and conditions 
applicable to the Credit Linked Notes shall comprise the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes under the Programme (the "Notes Conditions") and the Credit Terms (2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) set out below (the "Credit Terms"), in each case 
subject to completion by the applicable Final Terms or, in respect of Exempt Notes, 
completion and/or amendment by the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Notes Conditions and the Credit Terms, the Credit Terms shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Notes Conditions and the Credit 
Terms and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall prevail. In respect 
of the Notes, references in the Credit Terms to (i) "Securities" are to the Notes and "Exempt 
Securities" are to Exempt Notes, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the Noteholders, (iii) "General 
Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the Notes Conditions, (iv) "these Terms and 
Conditions" are to the Notes Conditions as amended and/or supplemented by the Credit 
Terms and (v) "Relevant Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Registrar (as applicable). 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Certificates, the terms 
and conditions applicable to the Credit Linked Certificates shall comprise the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Certificates under the Programme (the "Certificates Conditions") and 
the Credit Terms, in each case subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Certificates Conditions 
and the Credit Terms, the Credit Terms shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the Certificates Conditions and the Credit Terms and (ii) the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the applicable Pricing Supplement shall prevail. In respect of the Certificates, 
references in the Credit Terms to (i) "Securities" and "Exempt Securities" are to Certificates, 
(ii) "Securityholders" are to the holders of the Credit Linked Certificates, (iii) "General 
Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the Certificates Conditions, (iv) "these Terms and 
Conditions" are to the Certificates Conditions as amended and/or supplemented by the Credit 
Terms and (v) "Relevant Agents" are to the Principal Certificate Agent and any other 
Certificate Agent (as applicable). 
1 
Cash Settlement 
(i) 
If the Securities are not Auction Settled Securities: 
If the Securities are Cash Settled Securities, upon satisfaction of the Conditions to 
Settlement, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a "Settlement Notice") to the 
Securityholders as soon as practicable in accordance with the General Conditions, 
and, subject to paragraph  8 (Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event) 
below, redeem all but not some only of the Securities on the Credit Event 
Redemption Date at, in respect of the Calculation Amount, the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount (which Credit Event Redemption Amount will, if "Adjustment for 
Hedging Costs" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be subject to adjustment to 
account for any Hedging Costs). 
Notwithstanding that the Securities are not Auction Settled Securities and 
notwithstanding anything else to the contrary contained herein, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that (a) an Auction has taken, or is expected to take, place in 
respect of the relevant Reference Entity to value obligations of the same seniority as 
the Reference Obligation and (b) the date on which the final price is determined 
pursuant to such Auction falls on or before the sixtieth (60th) Business Day after the 
relevant Credit Event Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may elect that the 
Auction Final Price as so determined pursuant to such Auction shall be deemed to be 
the Final Price hereunder in respect of such Reference Entity (or, if "First-to-Default" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, of the Defaulted Reference

--- Page 470 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
470 
 
 
Entity), in which case, the definitions of Valuation Method, Valuation Date, Quotation, 
Quotation Method and Quotation Amount shall not apply in respect of such Reference 
Entity and/or Reference Obligation, and the Calculation Agent may make such 
amendments to the Conditions as it determines appropriate to reflect the change in 
the determination of the Final Price. 
(ii) 
If the Securities are Auction Settled Securities: 
If the Securities are Auction Settled Securities and a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Issuer shall give 
notice (such notice a "Settlement Notice") to the Securityholders as soon as 
practicable in accordance with the General Conditions, and, subject to paragraph  8 
(Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event) below, redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities on the Auction Settlement Date, in respect of the Calculation 
Amount, at the Auction Cash Settlement Amount (which Auction Cash Settlement 
Amount will, if "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, be subject to adjustment to account for any Hedging Costs). 
Notwithstanding the above, if a Fallback Settlement Method Event occurs: 
(A) 
if "Cash Settlement" is specified as the applicable Fallback Settlement 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms, then, notwithstanding that the 
Securities are Auction Settled Securities, these Terms and Conditions shall 
apply in respect of such Credit Event as if the Securities are not Auction 
Settled Securities (but for the avoidance of doubt, are Cash Settled 
Securities) and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities in accordance with 
paragraph  1(i) above; and 
(B) 
if "Physical Settlement" is specified as the applicable Fallback Settlement 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms, then, notwithstanding that the 
Securities are Auction Settled Securities, these Terms and Conditions shall 
apply in respect of such Credit Event as if the Securities were Physically 
Settled Securities and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities in accordance 
with paragraph  2 (Physical Settlement) below. 
If no Fallback Settlement Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Physical 
Settlement" shall be deemed to be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
applicable Fallback Settlement Method. 
If the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the Securities become 
redeemable in accordance with this paragraph  1, upon payment of the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount or Auction Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) 
in respect of the Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in 
respect of the Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation 
whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit Event Redemption Amount or 
Auction Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) may be less than the 
Calculation Amount of a Security. Any shortfall shall be borne by the 
Securityholder and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
2 
Physical Settlement 
If the Securities are Physically Settled Securities, upon satisfaction of the Conditions to 
Settlement, the Issuer shall, subject to paragraph  8 (Credit Event Notice after Restructuring 
Credit Event) below, redeem all but not some only of the Securities by Delivery of the 
Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount, subject to and in accordance with 
paragraph  6 (Procedures for Physical Delivery) below. 
If "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and:

--- Page 471 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
471 
 
 
(i) 
if the Hedging Costs represent losses and costs incurred by the Issuer, then, the 
Issuer will deduct from the Asset Amount such Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as the case may be, of Deliverable Obligations with a 
Liquidated Value of not less than the amount of such Hedging Costs and the Delivery 
by the Issuer of such reduced Asset Amount (and the payment of any excess of such 
Liquidated Value (if any) over the amount of such Hedging Costs) shall be deemed to 
satisfy and discharge in full the obligation of the Issuer in respect of the relevant 
Asset Amount; or 
(ii) 
if the Hedging Costs represent a gain to the Issuer, the Securityholder will receive a 
payment from the Issuer in respect of such Hedging Costs with the delivery of any 
Asset Amount by the Issuer. 
In the Physical Settlement Notice, the Issuer shall specify (i) each Deliverable Obligation 
comprising the Asset Amount that it reasonably expects to Deliver and (ii) if "Adjustment for 
Hedging Costs" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, whether any Hedging Costs 
representing losses and costs incurred by the Issuer will be accounted for in the manner 
described in paragraph  2(i) above. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
select any of the Deliverable Obligations to constitute the Asset Amount, irrespective of their 
market value. 
In addition, in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify 
that the July 2009 Supplement is applicable, where (a) the relevant Credit Event is a 
Restructuring, (b) either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" 
or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) the Maturity Date is later than 
(A) the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, if any, or (B) the 
2.5-year Limitation Date, the Physical Settlement Notice shall contain a detailed description of 
at least one Enabling Obligation and any other information necessary to establish that such 
obligation is an Enabling Obligation. 
In the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 
2009 Supplement is applicable, the Issuer shall deliver the Physical Settlement Notice on or 
before the Physical Determination Date. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, notify the Securityholders (each such notification, a 
"Physical Settlement Amendment Notice") that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, 
one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Physical Settlement Notice or a prior 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice is effective) or the detailed description(s) thereof. A Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice shall specify each replacement Deliverable Obligation that Issuer reasonably expects 
to Deliver to or to the order of the Securityholders (each, a "Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation"). Each such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior 
to the Physical Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from 
such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may 
correct any errors or inconsistencies in the Physical Settlement Notice or any Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Securityholders prior to the 
relevant Delivery Date; it being understood that such notice of correction shall not constitute a 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice. 
If the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the Securities become redeemable in 
accordance with this paragraph  2, upon Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations and/or 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or the Auction Cash Settlement Amount (or 
any other amounts payable in accordance with paragraphs  6 or  7 below), as the case 
may be, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Securities 
and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The value 
of such Deliverable Obligations and/or the Cash Settlement Amount or the Auction

--- Page 472 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
472 
 
 
Cash Settlement Amount may be less than the Calculation Amount of a Security. Any 
shortfall shall be borne by the Securityholder and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
3 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Where the Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied on or prior to the Maturity Date 
but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on or prior to the 
Maturity Date and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in respect of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium will, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the 
Maturity Date, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Securityholders and (if the relevant 
Securities are listed) any stock exchange on which the Securities are for the time being listed 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and: 
(i) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date: 
(a) 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount or each 
Certificate, as the case may be, will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount on the third Business Day following the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (the "Repudiation/Moratorium 
Deferred Maturity Date"); and 
(b) 
in the case of interest bearing Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
interest, calculated as provided herein, accrued up to (but excluding) the final 
Interest Period Date (which will, if Interest Period Dates are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as being the Interest Payment Dates, be the Maturity 
Date), but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Deferred Maturity Date and no further or other 
amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall 
be payable in respect of such delay; and 
(ii) 
where 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
has 
occurred 
on 
or 
prior 
to 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and the Conditions to Settlement are 
satisfied, the provisions of paragraph  1 (Cash Settlement) or  2 (Physical Settlement) 
above, as applicable, shall apply to the Securities. 
4 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
provisions of this paragraph  4 shall apply. 
Where the Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied on or prior to the Maturity Date 
but a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in 
respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Maturity Date (and such Grace 
Period(s) is/are continuing as at that date), then: 
(i) 
where a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension 
Date: 
(a) 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount or each 
Certificate, as the case may be, will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount on the third Business Day following the 
Grace Period Extension Date (the "Grace Period Deferred Maturity Date"); 
and 
(b) 
in the case of interest bearing Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
interest calculated as provided herein, accrued up to (but excluding) the final 
Interest Period Date (which will, if Interest Period Dates are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as being the Interest Payment Dates, be the Maturity

--- Page 473 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
473 
 
 
Date), but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the 
Grace Period Deferred Maturity Date and no further or other amount in 
respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be 
payable in respect of such delay; and 
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date 
and the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied, the provisions of paragraph  1 (Cash 
Settlement) or  2 (Physical Settlement) above, as applicable, shall apply to the 
Securities. 
5 
Deferral of Maturity Date 
If on (A) the Maturity Date, (B) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, or (C) if "Grace 
Period Extension" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Grace Period 
Extension Date, as the case may be, the Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied 
but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event may have occurred on or 
prior to such date, the Calculation Agent may notify the Securityholders in accordance with 
the General Conditions that the Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or 
the Grace Period Extension Date, as the case may be, has been postponed to a date (such 
date the "Deferred Maturity Date") specified in such notice that is 21 calendar days after the 
Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period Extension 
Date, as the case may be, and: 
(i) 
where the Conditions to Settlement are not satisfied on or prior to the Deferred 
Maturity Date: 
(a) 
subject as provided below, each Security will be redeemed by the Issuer by 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Deferred Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
in the case of interest bearing Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
interest calculated as provided herein, accrued up to (but excluding) the final 
Interest Period Date (which will, if Interest Period Dates are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as being the Interest Payment Dates, be the Maturity 
Date), but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the 
Deferred Maturity Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest 
shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of 
such delay; and 
(ii) 
where the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied on or prior to the Deferred Maturity 
Date, the provisions of paragraph  1 (Cash Settlement) or  2 (Physical Settlement) 
above, as applicable, shall apply to the Securities. 
6 
Procedures for Physical Delivery 
If any Credit Linked Securities are to be redeemed by delivery of the Asset Amount, either (i) 
any such Asset Amount shall be delivered to the Securityholders through the relevant 
Clearing System(s) without an Asset Transfer Notice being required, subject (where 
applicable) to certification that the relevant Securityholder is either (a) not a U.S. person or a 
person within the United States or (b) in certain circumstances, a QIB, or (ii) if the Calculation 
Agent determines that such Asset Amount cannot be delivered through the relevant Clearing 
System(s), prior to the Cut-off Date the Calculation Agent shall notify the Securityholders of 
such fact in accordance with the General Conditions and shall specify the delivery details 
required for such delivery and, following such notification, in order to obtain delivery of the 
Asset Amount in respect of any Security: 
(i) 
if such Security is represented by a Global W&C Security (in the case of a Certificate) 
or a Global Note (in the case of a Note) (each a "Global Security"), the relevant 
Securityholder must deliver to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable),

--- Page 474 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
474 
 
 
with a copy to the Issuer and not later than the close of business in each place of 
reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice; or 
(ii) 
if such Security is a Note in definitive form, the relevant Securityholder must deliver (i) 
if this Security is a Bearer Note, to any Paying Agent or (ii) if this is a Registered 
Note, to the Registrar or any Paying Agent, in each case with a copy to the Issuer 
and not later than the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off 
Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Restructuring" is the only Credit Event specified 
in a Credit Event Notice, then a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Asset Amount 
only if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the 
applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
If "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and "Restructuring" is the only Credit 
Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the 
Asset Amount only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final 
maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
Forms of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from the 
specified office of any Relevant Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Security is represented by a Global 
Security, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, which is expected to be by authenticated SWIFT message or tested telex or (ii) 
if such Security is in definitive form, in writing or by tested telex. 
If the Security is in definitive form, the Security must be delivered together with the duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
An Asset Transfer Notice must: 
(1) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the details required 
for the delivery of the Asset Amount; 
(2) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, specify the nominal 
amount of Notes or the number of Certificates, as the case may be, which are the 
subject of such notice and the number of the Securityholder's account at Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Securities 
and irrevocably instruct and authorise Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account with such Securities on or 
before the Physical Settlement Date; 
(3) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of Securities 
represented by a Global Security, an authority to debit a specified account of the 
Securityholder at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in 
respect thereof and to pay such Delivery Expenses; 
(4) 
specify an account to which any amounts payable pursuant to paragraph  7 (Partial 
Cash Settlement) or any other cash amounts specified in these Terms and Conditions 
as being payable are to be paid; and 
(5) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or a Relevant Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of an

--- Page 475 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
475 
 
 
Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Securities which are 
the subject of such notice. 
In the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, upon receipt of an Asset Transfer 
Notice, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the 
person specified therein as the Securityholder is the holder of the specified nominal amount of 
Notes or the number of Certificates, as the case, may be, according to its books. 
Failure to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice properly may result in such notice 
being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been 
properly completed and delivered as provided in these Terms and Conditions shall be made, 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, after consultation with the Issuer and shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Securityholder and, in the case of Securities in 
definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, after 
consultation with the Issuer, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
relevant Securityholder. 
Delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of each Security shall be made at the risk of the 
relevant Securityholder through the relevant Clearing System(s) as specified above or in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall notify to the Securityholders as described above. All 
Delivery Expenses arising from the delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of such Security 
shall be for the account of the relevant Securityholder and no delivery of the Asset Amount 
shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by 
the relevant Securityholder. The Issuer shall not be obliged to make or procure any delivery if 
to do so would breach any applicable securities or other laws. 
After delivery of the Asset Amount and for the Intervening Period, none of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent and any other person shall at any time (i) be under any obligation to deliver 
or procure delivery to any Securityholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other 
document or, except as provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in 
respect of such securities or obligations comprising the Asset Amount, (ii) be under any 
obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to such securities or 
obligations, or (iii) be under any liability to a Securityholder in respect of any loss or damage 
which such Securityholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of 
that person not being registered during such Intervening Period as legal owner of such 
securities or obligations. 
In relation to each Deliverable Obligation constituting the Asset Amount, the Issuer will, 
subject to paragraph  14 (Settlement Suspension) below, Deliver or procure the Delivery of the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation as provided below on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date, 
provided that if all or some of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Asset Amount are (a) 
Undeliverable Obligations and/or Hedge Disruption Obligations, then the Issuer shall continue 
to attempt to Deliver all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, until the date that is 30 calendar days after the Physical 
Settlement Date (in respect of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, the "Final Delivery Date"), or (b) Undeliverable Loan 
Obligations or Unassignable Obligations, then the Issuer shall continue to attempt to Deliver 
all or a portion of such Undeliverable Loan Obligations or Unassignable Obligations, as the 
case may be, until the date that is 15 Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date (in 
respect of such Undeliverable Loan Obligations or Unassignable Obligations, the "Final 
Delivery Date"), 
provided further that: 
(i) 
if all or a portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Asset Amount that are 
Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, (but 
subject to paragraph  (ii) below in the case of Assignable Loans or Consent Required

--- Page 476 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
476 
 
 
Loans) are not Delivered by the Final Delivery Date, the provisions of paragraph  7(i) 
shall apply; or 
(ii) 
if all or a portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Asset Amount consist 
of Assignable Loans or Consent Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents, are not capable of being Delivered by the Final Delivery Date, the 
provisions of paragraph  7(ii) shall apply. 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein on or prior to the 
Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will, subject as provided 
above, deliver the Deliverable Obligations constituting the Asset Amount in respect of the 
relevant Securities as soon as practicable after the receipt of the duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice, provided that if, in respect of a Security, a Securityholder fails to give an 
Asset Transfer Notice prior to the day falling 45 days after the Cut-Off Date, the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of such Securities shall be discharged and the Issuer shall have no 
liability in respect thereof. 
Notwithstanding that the Securities are not Auction Settled Securities and notwithstanding 
anything set out in paragraph  2 (Physical Settlement) above or the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph  6, if on or before the Physical Settlement Date the Calculation Agent determines 
that an Auction (in respect of the Reference Entity to which the Credit Event Notice relates) 
may be published on or before the sixtieth (60th) Business Day after the relevant Credit Event 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to 
postpone the Physical Settlement Date to any date determined by the Calculation Agent 
within the period of up to, and including, the date falling 60 Business Days after the Credit 
Event Determination Date. The Calculation Agent shall give notice of such election (such 
notice, an "Auction Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with the General 
Conditions. If an Auction Notice has been given to the Securityholders and the Calculation 
Agent determines that (a) an Auction has taken, or is expected to take, place in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity to value obligations of the same seniority as the Deliverable 
Obligations and (b) the date on which the Auction Final Price is, or is expected to be, 
determined pursuant to such Auction falls on or before the sixtieth (60th) Business Day after 
the Credit Event Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may further elect in its sole and 
absolute discretion that the Issuer redeems each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount or each Certificate, as the case may be, either (1) by payment of the 
Auction Cash Settlement Amount on the Auction Settlement Date in lieu of Delivering the 
relevant Deliverable Obligations (as specified in the Physical Settlement Notice or Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice) or (2) by Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising 
the Asset Amount (as specified in the Physical Settlement Notice or Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice), in either case on the postponed Physical Settlement Date. The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice of such election to the Securityholders as soon as possible 
in accordance with the General Conditions. 
7 
Partial Cash Settlement 
(i) 
If all or a portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Asset Amount that are 
Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations are not Delivered by the 
Final Delivery Date (other than in respect of Assignable Loans or Consent Required 
Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not capable of being 
Delivered on that day), the Issuer shall give notice (a "Cash Settlement Notice") to 
the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions and the Issuer shall 
pay, in respect of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as 
the case may be, the Cash Settlement Amount (adjusted to take account fully for any 
Hedging Costs, if "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms) on the Cash Settlement Date. 
In the Cash Settlement Notice, the Issuer must give details of why it is unable to 
deliver the relevant Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the 
case may be.

--- Page 477 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
477 
 
 
(ii) 
If: 
(a) 
"Partial Cash Settlement of Consent Required Loans" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and all or a portion of the 
Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount consist of Consent 
Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not 
capable of being Delivered by the Final Delivery Date (each such Deliverable 
Obligation being an "Undeliverable Loan Obligation"); or 
(b) 
"Partial Cash Settlement of Assignable Loans" is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms and all or a portion of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Asset Amount consist of Assignable Loans that, due to the 
non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not capable of being Delivered by 
the Final Delivery Date (each such Deliverable Obligation being an 
"Unassignable Obligation"), 
the Issuer shall give notice (a "Cash Settlement Notice") to the Securityholders in 
accordance with the General Conditions and the Issuer shall pay, in respect of each 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation, the Cash Settlement 
Amount (adjusted to take account fully for any Hedging Costs, if "Adjustment for 
Hedging Costs" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) on the Cash 
Settlement Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither "Partial Cash Settlement of Consent Required 
Loans" nor "Partial Cash Settlement of Assignable Loans" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and all of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Asset Amount consist of Undeliverable Loan Obligations or Unassignable 
Obligations, as the case may be, then the Issuer shall have no further obligation to 
Deliver any Asset Amount or pay any Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the 
Securities. 
(iii) 
If all or any part of the Asset Amount to be Delivered to a Securityholder is not a 
whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Deliverable 
Obligation at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer will Deliver and such Securityholder will only be entitled to receive the 
portion of the Asset Amount specified by the Calculation Agent which is closest to but 
less than the full Asset Amount, after consideration of such smallest unit or units of 
transfer (such portion of the Asset Amount that is not so Delivered, a "Delivery 
Shortfall"), and the Issuer will pay to such Securityholder in the Settlement Currency 
at the same time as such Delivery an amount in cash equal to the value of such 
Delivery Shortfall, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt 
Securities, for the purposes of this paragraph  7 (Partial Cash Settlement) the following terms 
are deemed to have the following meanings: 
"Cash Settlement Amount" is deemed to be for each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable 
Obligation, the aggregate of the greater of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount or Currency Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan Obligation or 
Unassignable Obligation multiplied by the Final Price with respect to each Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation or Unassignable Obligation and (ii) zero; 
"Cash Settlement Date" is deemed to be the date falling three Business Days after the 
calculation of the Final Price;

--- Page 478 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
478 
 
 
"Indicative Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation 
obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an 
amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation equal to the Quotation Amount, 
which reflects such Dealer's reasonable assessment of the price of such Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation or Unassignable Obligation based on such factors as such Dealer may consider 
relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates. Indicative Quotations shall 
be applicable only in the event that the provisions of this paragraph  7 (Partial Cash 
Settlement) are applicable; 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation 
on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean 
of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest 
values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, 
then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (ii) if exactly three 
Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotations remaining after disregarding the highest and 
lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest 
value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be 
disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average 
Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if Indicative Quotations are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and exactly three Indicative Quotations 
are obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest 
Indicative Quotations (and if more than one such Indicative Quotations have the same highest 
or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Indicative Quotations shall be 
disregarded); (vi) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average 
Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative 
Quotations are obtained) then, subject to paragraph  (ii) of the definition of "Quotation" below, 
an amount as determined by the Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which two or 
more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation or, if applicable, three Indicative 
Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if the Quotations are deemed to be zero, the Market Value 
shall be zero; 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative 
Quotations are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, each Indicative 
Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the 
manner that follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain 
two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business 
Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, 
on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant 
Valuation Date), the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from 
five or more Dealers, and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a 
Weighted Average Quotation. If two or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation are not available on any such Business Day and Indicative 
Quotations are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations from five or more Dealers. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, three Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day on or 
prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be 
deemed to be zero.

--- Page 479 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
479 
 
 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in 
the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations 
(as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation, 
whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. All 
Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this specification or determination. 
(iv) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a 
percentage of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such 
Quotation will instead be expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance for the purposes of determining the Final Price; 
"Quotation Amount" is deemed to be, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation or Unassignable Obligation an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates in effect at the 
time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation or Unassignable Obligation. For the purposes of this paragraph  7 (Partial Cash 
Settlement), there shall be deemed to be no Minimum Quotation Amount; 
"Quotation Method" is deemed to be Bid; 
"Reference Obligation" is deemed to be each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation; 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Highest unless the relevant Quotations include 
Weighted Average Quotations, in which case, "Valuation Method" is deemed to be Market; 
and 
"Valuation Time" is deemed to be 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable 
Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation. 
8 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event 
If "Partial Redemption Following Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, 
upon the occurrence of a Restructuring Credit Event for which either "Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver a Credit Event Notice with respect to such 
Restructuring in respect of an amount (the "Partial Redemption Amount") that is 
less than the nominal amount outstanding of each Security immediately prior to the 
delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of the 
Credit Terms shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Redemption Amount only and 
each such Security shall be redeemed in part (such redeemed part being equal to the 
Partial Redemption Amount) and where applicable, references in the Credit Terms to 
"the Calculation Amount" shall be interpreted to mean "the Partial Redemption 
Amount" accordingly. 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) only the nominal amount of each such Security not so 
redeemed in part shall remain outstanding, the Final Redemption Amount and any 
other relevant provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall be amended in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate to reflect such partial 
redemption and (in relation to Notes only) interest shall continue to accrue on the 
nominal amount outstanding of such Security as provided in Condition  4 (Interest) of

--- Page 480 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
480 
 
 
the Notes Conditions (adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion determines to be appropriate) and (ii) the provisions of the 
Credit Terms shall apply to such nominal amount outstanding of such Security in the 
event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered. 
(iii) 
If the provisions of this paragraph  8 (Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit 
Event) apply in respect of the Securities, on redemption of part of each such Security, 
the relevant Security or, if the Securities are represented by a Global Security, such 
Global Security, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
For the purposes of this paragraph  8 (Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event) 
and, for the purposes of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date set out in 
paragraph  15 (Definitions) below, references to the nominal amount outstanding of each 
Security shall be deemed to be a reference to the amount of the Calculation Amount of each 
Certificate outstanding from time to time. 
9 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
If "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Restructuring" and related 
provisions, the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described 
in sub-paragraphs  (a) to  (e) of the definition of "Restructuring" shall not be a Restructuring 
unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation, where 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not 
Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to 
sixty-six and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring 
Credit Event, provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the 
requirements in sub-paragraph (ii) above. 
10 
Redemption 
In respect of Securities that are Notes only, notwithstanding the provisions of the General 
Conditions, for the purpose of Condition  6(b) and Condition  9 in the Notes Conditions, the 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of the Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount will be determined by reference to the provisions in Condition  6(e) of the 
Notes Conditions, provided that if "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Early Redemption Amount will be adjusted to take account of 
any Hedging Costs. 
11 
Accrual of Interest 
In respect of Securities that are Notes only, notwithstanding the provisions of the General 
Conditions, if: 
(i) 
"No Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Note shall cease to bear interest from the Interest 
Period Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) immediately preceding 
the Credit Event Determination Date, or if the Credit Event Determination Date is an 
Interest Period Date (or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date) such 
Interest Period Date (or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date); or 
(ii) 
"Partial Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Note shall continue to bear interest from the Interest 
Period Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) immediately preceding 
the Credit Event Determination Date, or if the Credit Event Determination Date is an 
Interest Period Date (or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date) such

--- Page 481 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
481 
 
 
Interest Period Date (or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date), but 
shall cease to bear interest from the Credit Event Determination Date. 
12 
Force Majeure 
If "Force Majeure Events" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
provisions in this paragraph  12 shall apply: 
(i) 
Notice of Force Majeure Event 
The Issuer shall have the right to give notice in accordance with the General 
Conditions at any time to the Securityholders if it determines that any of the following 
events (each a "Force Majeure Event") has occurred: 
(a) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities has become 
unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance by the Issuer with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority (as defined 
below) or otherwise; 
(b) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities is prevented 
or materially hindered or delayed due to either (1) any act, law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, interpretation, directive, decree or material 
legislative or administrative interference of any Government Authority or 
otherwise, or (2) the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, 
political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration 
and/or protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other 
causes or impediments beyond such party's control; 
(c) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer or any of its 
relevant affiliates, or the Issuer or any of its relevant affiliates are otherwise 
unable, (1) to convert the relevant currency (the "Local Currency") in which 
the relevant Reference Entity or traded instruments or any options or futures 
contracts or other hedging arrangement in relation to the Reference Entity 
(for the purposes of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities) are 
denominated, into the Specified Currency or exchange or repatriate any 
funds in the Local Currency or the Specified Currency outside of the country 
in which the relevant Reference Entity or any options or futures contracts in 
relation to the Reference Entity are traded due to the adoption of, or any 
change in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or 
decree of any Government Authority or otherwise, or (2) for the Calculation 
Agent to determine a rate or (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) a 
commercially reasonable rate at which the Local Currency can be exchanged 
for the Specified Currency for payment under the Securities; 
(d) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer or any of its 
relevant affiliates to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue to 
do so in the future) in the Reference Entity or any options or futures contracts 
in relation to the Reference Entity in order for the Issuer to perform its 
obligations under the Securities or in respect of any relevant hedging 
arrangements in connection with the Securities (including, without limitation, 
any purchase, sale or entry into or holding of one or more securities 
positions, currency positions, stock loan transactions, derivatives position or 
other instruments or arrangements (however described) by the Issuer (or any 
of its affiliates) in order to hedge, either individually or on a portfolio basis, the 
Securities) or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) be materially increased under the restriction; or

--- Page 482 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
482 
 
 
(e) 
any other event beyond the control of the Issuer has occurred which makes it 
impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Securities or to hedge effectively its obligations under the 
Securities or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) be materially increased. 
(ii) 
Issuer's Option following a Force Majeure Event 
If the Issuer decides to give notice to Securityholders of the occurrence of a Force 
Majeure Event pursuant to this paragraph  12, it shall state in such notice whether the 
Securities will be terminated pursuant to paragraph  12(iii) or whether the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities will be suspended pursuant to paragraph  12(iv). If the 
Issuer elects to give notice to Securityholders of a suspension of its obligations under 
the Securities pursuant to paragraph  12(iv), the Issuer shall nevertheless retain the 
right at all times to terminate the Securities pursuant to paragraph  12(iii) by giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions. 
(iii) 
Termination 
Upon the Issuer's election to terminate the Securities as aforesaid (or upon expiry of 
the 10-day period referred to in paragraph  12(iv), the Issuer will, in respect of each 
and every Security cause to be paid to the Securityholder an amount determined to 
be the fair market value of the Security as at termination (which may be nil) taking 
into consideration all information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant 
(including the circumstances that resulted in the occurrence of the Force Majeure 
Event) less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any related hedging 
arrangements (including but not limited to selling or otherwise realising the Reference 
Entity/Entities or any options or futures contracts in relation to the Reference 
Entity/Entities or any other such property), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
At the election of the Issuer, such payment may be made in the Local Currency in the 
Relevant Jurisdiction, in which case the Securityholder will have responsibility for 
establishing an account in the Relevant Jurisdiction in order to receive such 
payments; provided that if it is impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to pay 
such amount in the Relevant Jurisdiction or the relevant Securityholder does not 
establish the necessary account in the Relevant Jurisdiction to receive payment(s) in 
the currency the Issuer elects, the Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of any 
such amounts so affected, as applicable. Payment will be made, as the case may be, 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with the 
General Conditions including, if required, in an alternative currency. 
(iv) 
Suspension 
Upon the Issuer's election to suspend the Securities, the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of the Securities may be suspended up until the tenth day after such Force 
Majeure Event shall cease to exist. 
(v) 
Loss 
No Securityholder will be entitled to any compensation from the Issuer for any loss 
suffered as a result of the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event. 
For the purposes of this paragraph  12: 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government; any province or other 
political subdivision thereof; any body, agency or ministry; any taxing, monetary, foreign 
exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality; and any other entity 
exercising; executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or 
pertaining to government.

--- Page 483 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
483 
 
 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" has the meaning specified in the relevant Issue Terms and if it is not 
specified, it will mean the jurisdiction determined by the Calculation Agent. 
13 
Notices 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver a Credit Event Notice and (if applicable) a Notice 
of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer at any time during either (i) the Notice 
Delivery Period or (ii) in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue 
Terms specify that the July 2009 Supplement is applicable, the period set out in sub-
paragraph  (a)(b) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date, provided that 
the Notice of Publicly Available Information Condition to Settlement shall be deemed 
to be satisfied in circumstances where ISDA publicly announces on or prior to the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity 
or Obligation thereof. 
(b) 
In the case of a Physically Settled Security (or where Physical Settlement is the 
Fallback Settlement Method and a Fallback Settlement Method Event has occurred) 
in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 Supplement 
is applicable, the relevant Physical Settlement Notice must be delivered by the Issuer 
subject, where applicable, to paragraph  14 (Settlement Suspension) below, on or 
prior to: 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph  (ii) below, the later of: 
(a) 
the thirtieth calendar day (subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any applicable Business Day Convention) after the Credit Event 
Determination Date; and 
(b) 
the tenth calendar day after either (I) the date of the relevant DC 
Credit Event Announcement, if any, or (II) the date on which ISDA 
publicly 
announces 
that 
the 
relevant 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine the 
matters described in sub-paragraphs  (a) and  (b) of the definition of 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date if any, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
if "Physical Settlement" is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement 
Method and: 
(a) 
the relevant Credit Event is not a Restructuring (or, if such Credit 
Event is a Restructuring, neither "Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation" nor "Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms), the thirtieth 
calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the No Auction 
Announcement Date, as applicable; or 
(b) 
the relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring and either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
either: 
(a) 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to subparagraph  (a) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date, if any; or

--- Page 484 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
484 
 
 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to subparagraph  (c) of the definition of No 
Auction 
Announcement 
Date, 
if 
any, 
in 
circumstances where no Parallel Auction will be held; 
or 
(3) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, 
as applicable; or 
(b) 
the Relevant City Business Day immediately following the 
later of the Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date, if 
any (or, if more than one should occur, the last Parallel 
Auction Final Price Determination Date), and the Parallel 
Auction Cancellation Date, if any (or, if more than one should 
occur, the last Parallel Auction Cancellation Date), as 
applicable, in circumstances where either: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant 
to subparagraph  (b) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date and the Issuer has not 
exercised the Movement Option in respect of the 
Securities; or 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant 
to subparagraph  (c) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date in circumstances where one or 
more Parallel Auctions will be held, 
provided that in the case of paragraph  (b) (i) (b) and 
paragraph  (b) (ii), the relevant Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date occurred on or prior to the date described in 
paragraph  (b) (i) (a), 
the "Physical Determination Date". 
For the purposes of determining whether such Physical Settlement Notice has been 
so delivered by the Physical Determination Date, the effective date of delivery of the 
Physical Settlement Notice (whether or not subsequently changed) shall be used. 
The Securities may not be physically settled until an effective Physical Settlement 
Notice is delivered by the Issuer. 
If a Physical Settlement Notice in respect of the final Credit Event capable of 
occurring pursuant to any Physically Settled Securities is not delivered on or before 
the related Physical Determination Date, the Securities will then be redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver a Succession Event Notice at any time, provided 
that, in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify 
that the July 2009 Supplement is applicable, the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to give such Succession Event Notice in order for a Succession Event to 
occur, notwithstanding whether or not such Succession Event was determined by DC 
Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
(d) 
In the case where the Issuer receives a Succession Event Notice, the Issuer will give 
notice to the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions that a 
Succession Event has occurred as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving 
such Succession Event Notice, provided that for the avoidance of doubt, any failure 
by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the related Succession

--- Page 485 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
485 
 
 
Event. In the case where a Succession Event occurs as a result of a Succession 
Event Resolution Request Date occurring, the Issuer shall not be obliged to give or 
procure the giving of a notice of a Succession Event to the Securityholders. 
14 
Settlement Suspension 
If, in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that the 
July 2009 Supplement is applicable, following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date in accordance with sub-paragraph  (a) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date but prior to the Physical Settlement Date or, to the extent applicable, a 
Valuation Date, ISDA publicly announces that the conditions to convening a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in sub-
paragraphs  (a) and  (b) of the definition of Credit Event Resolution Request Date are satisfied 
in accordance with the Rules, the timing requirements of paragraph  13(b) above and the 
definitions of Credit Event Redemption Date, Valuation Date, Settlement Notice, Physical 
Settlement Notice, Physical Settlement Period, and any other provision of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall 
toll and remain suspended until such time as ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (a) the matters 
described in sub-paragraphs  (a) and  (b) of the definition of Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date or (b) not to determine such matters. Once ISDA has publicly announced that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (i) the matters described 
in sub-paragraphs  (a) and  (b) of the definition of Credit Event Resolution Request Date or (ii) 
not to determine such matters, the relevant timing requirements of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms that have previously tolled or been suspended 
shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by ISDA. 
15 
Definitions 
"Accreted Amount" means, with respect to an Accreting Obligation, an amount equal to (a) 
the sum of (i) the original issue price of such obligation and (ii) the portion of the amount 
payable at maturity that has accreted in accordance with the terms of the obligation (or as 
otherwise described below), less (b) any cash payments made by the obligor thereunder that, 
under the terms of such obligation, reduce the amount payable at maturity (unless such cash 
payments have been accounted for in  (a)(ii) above), in each case calculated as of the earlier 
of (A) the date on which any event occurs that has the effect of fixing the amount of a claim in 
respect of principal and (B) the Delivery Date or applicable Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. Such Accreted Amount shall include any accrued and unpaid periodic cash interest 
payments only if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If an 
Accreting Obligation is expressed to accrete pursuant to a straight-line method or if such 
Obligation's yield to maturity is not specified in, nor implied from, the terms of such Obligation, 
then, for the purposes of  (a)(ii) above, the Accreted Amount shall be calculated using a rate 
equal to the yield to maturity of such Obligation. Such yield shall be determined on a semi-
annual bond equivalent basis using the original issue price of such obligation and the amount 
payable at the scheduled maturity of such obligation, and shall be determined as of the earlier 
of (A) the date on which any event occurs that has the effect of fixing the amount of a claim in 
respect of principal and (B) the Delivery Date or applicable Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. The Accreted Amount shall exclude, in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, any 
amount that may be payable under the terms of such obligation in respect of the value of the 
Equity Securities for which such obligation is exchangeable. 
"Accreting Obligation" means any obligation (including, without limitation, a Convertible 
Obligation or an Exchangeable Obligation), the terms of which expressly provide for an 
amount payable upon acceleration equal to the original issue price (whether or not equal to 
the face amount thereof) plus an additional amount or amounts (on account of original issue 
discount or other interest or principal accruals not payable on a periodic issue) that will or may 
accrete, whether or not (a) payment of such additional amounts is subject to a contingency or 
determined by reference to a formula or index, or (b) periodic cash interest is also payable.

--- Page 486 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
486 
 
 
"Adjusted Maturity Date" means the latest of (i) the Credit Event Redemption Date, (ii) the 
Auction Settlement Date, (iii) the Physical Settlement Date, (iv) the Final Delivery Date, (v) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Deferred Maturity Date, (vi) the Grace Period Deferred Maturity Date 
or (vii) the Deferred Maturity Date or, if none of those dates is relevant, the Maturity Date. 
"Asset Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount or each Certificate, as the case may be, Deliverable Obligations, as selected by the 
Issuer, with: 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money obligations, an 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, but excluding accrued but unpaid interest if "Exclude Accrued Interest" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if neither "Include Accrued Interest" 
nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms excluding 
accrued but unpaid interest); or 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money obligations, a 
Due and Payable Amount, 
(or, in each case, the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount) in each case in an 
aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Date that is equal to the Calculation Amount. 
If an obligation by its terms represents or contemplates an obligation to pay an amount 
greater than the Outstanding Principal Balance of such obligation as of the Delivery Date as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of such obligation shall not include any additional amount that would be 
payable upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of such event or circumstance. 
"Asset Transfer Notice" means a duly completed asset transfer notice substantially in the 
form set out in the Notes Agency Agreement or Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement 
(as applicable). 
"Auction" has the meaning set out in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms with respect 
to the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning set out in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Auction Cash Settlement Amount" means an amount per Calculation Amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to (a) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (b) the Auction 
Final Price; provided that in no event shall the Auction Cash Settlement Amount be less than 
zero. In relation to a Note, where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Auction Cash Settlement Amount payable in respect 
of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning set out in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Auction Final Price" means the price, if any, specified to be the relevant Auction Final Price 
determined in accordance with the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity (expressed as a percentage) or, in the case of a Restructuring 
Credit Event in respect of which the Movement Option was exercised on or prior to the 
Movement Option Cut-Off Date, the price, if any, specified to be the Auction Final Price 
determined in accordance with the applicable Parallel Auction Settlement Terms with respect 
to the Reference Entity (expressed as a percentage).

--- Page 487 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
487 
 
 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" means the day, if any, on which the Auction Final 
Price is determined pursuant to the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
"Auction Settled Securities" means Securities in respect of which (i) the applicable Issue 
Terms specify that the July 2009 Supplement is applicable and (ii) "Auction Settlement" is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in 
the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not 
so specified, 10 Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date. 
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts, or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its 
debts as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-
up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within 30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof or before the Maturity 
Date, whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party 
maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 30 calendar days thereafter or before the Maturity 
Date, whichever is earlier; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs  (a) to  (g) above (inclusive). 
"Best Available Information" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which files information with its primary securities 
regulators or primary stock exchange that includes unconsolidated, pro forma 
financial information which assumes that the relevant Succession Event has occurred 
or which provides such information to its shareholders, creditors or other persons 
whose approval of the Succession Event is required, that unconsolidated, pro forma

--- Page 488 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
488 
 
 
financial information and if provided subsequently to the provision of unconsolidated, 
pro forma financial information but before the Calculation Agent makes its 
determination for the purposes of the definition of "Successor", other relevant 
information that is contained in any written communication provided by the Reference 
Entity to its primary securities regulators, primary stock exchange, shareholders, 
creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which does not file with its primary securities 
regulators or primary stock exchange, and which does not provide to shareholders, 
creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required, the 
information contemplated in paragraph  (a) above, the best publicly available 
information at the disposal of the Calculation Agent to allow it to make a 
determination for the purposes of the definition of "Successor". 
Information which is made available more than 14 calendar days after the legally effective 
date of the Succession Event shall not constitute Best Available Information. 
"Cash Settled Securities" means Securities in respect of which "Cash Settlement" is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Issue Terms or where Cash 
Settlement is the Fallback Settlement Method and a Fallback Settlement Method Event has 
occurred. 
"Certificate Balance" means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a 
pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, 
certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation 
other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent 
of the Reference Entity (or, if "First-to-Default" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, of the Defaulted Reference Entity) or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, 
assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of 
novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal 
agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation". For the purposes of determining whether a 
Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of this definition of Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation, such determination shall be made as of the Delivery Date of the 
Deliverable Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the Deliverable Obligation and 
any related transfer or consent documents which have been obtained by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer. 
"Conditions to Settlement" shall be deemed to be satisfied: (i) in the case of Securities in 
respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 Supplement is 
applicable, by the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date to the extent that such 
Credit Event Determination Date is not subsequently reversed prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, a Valuation Date, the Physical Settlement Date (or, if earlier, a Delivery 
Date) or the Adjusted Maturity Date, as applicable, unless the Securities are Physically 
Settled Securities, in which case all of the Conditions to Settlement shall be deemed to be 
satisfied by the delivery by the Issuer of a Physical Settlement Notice that is effective on or 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date; and (ii) in the case of 
Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 
Supplement is not applicable, by the delivery (a) by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a 
Credit Event Notice and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, in each case, that is

--- Page 489 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
489 
 
 
effective during the Notice Delivery Period and (b) in the case of Physically Settled Securities 
only, by the Issuer to Securityholders of a Physical Settlement Notice that is effective no later 
than 30 calendar days after the Credit Event Determination Date. 
"Convertible Obligation" means any obligation that is convertible, in whole or in part, into 
Equity Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent 
acting for the benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, 
whether the cash settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders 
of such obligation). 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA, in accordance with the Rules, a form of which will be 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from 
time to time and may be amended from time to time in accordance with the Rules. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
supplemented by (i) the May 2003 Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions and (ii) the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, Auction 
Settlement and Restructuring Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(the "July 2009 Supplement"), each as published by ISDA. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" means the committees established by 
ISDA for the purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative 
transactions, as more fully described in the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Rules as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website 
thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms 
thereof (the "Rules"). 
"Credit Event" means any one or more of the events specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium or Restructuring, or, in respect of Exempt Securities, any additional 
Credit Event specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a 
Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from or is subject to 
defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation or an 
Insured Obligor to enter into any Insured Instrument, as applicable; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect 
to any Obligation, Underlying Obligation or Insured Instrument, as applicable, 
however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means (a) for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit 
Event (or with respect to Repudiation/Moratorium, the event described in sub-paragraph  (v)(ii) 
of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity or Obligation thereof), the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Credit

--- Page 490 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
490 
 
 
Event Resolution Request Date or (b) otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the 
earlier of (i) the first date on which both the Credit Event Notice and, if Notice of Publicly 
Available Information is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as a Condition to Settlement, 
the Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and are effective during the Notice Delivery Period and (ii) in circumstances where (A) 
the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve the 
matters described in sub-paragraphs  (a) and  (b) of the definition of Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date are satisfied in accordance with the Rules, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine such matters and (C) the Credit 
Event Notice and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and are effective not more than fourteen calendar days after 
the day on which ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine such matters, the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date. The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Determination Date" means, in respect of any Credit Event: (i) in the case of 
Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 
Supplement is not applicable, the first date upon which the Credit Event Notice and, if Notice 
of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Notice of Publicly Available Information are effective and (ii) in the case of Securities in 
respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 Supplement is 
applicable, the date determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph  (b) below, if neither a DC Credit Event Announcement nor a 
DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the first date on which both the 
Credit Event Notice and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as a 
Condition to Settlement, the Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and are effective during either: 
(a) 
the Notice Delivery Period; or 
(b) 
the period from, and including, the date on which ISDA publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
not to determine the matters described in sub-paragraphs  (a) and  (b) of the 
definition of Credit Event Resolution Request Date, to, and including, the date 
that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)); or 
(b) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph  (a) above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, either: 
(a) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(I) 
(1) 
the relevant Credit Event is not a Restructuring; and 
either: 
(y) 
if the Securities are Auction Settled Securities, the 
Trade Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final 
Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation 
Date, or the date that is 21 calendar days following 
the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable; or

--- Page 491 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
491 
 
 
(z) 
if the Securities are not Auction Settled Securities, 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the relevant DC 
Credit Event Announcement; or 
(II) 
(1) 
the relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring; and 
the Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer and is effective on or prior to the Exercise Cut-
off Date; or 
(b) 
the first date on which the Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer and is effective during (I) the Notice Delivery Period or (II) 
the period from, and including, the date on which ISDA publicly announces 
the occurrence of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement to, and 
including, the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided that the 
relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade 
Date)), if: 
(I) 
the relevant Credit Event is not a Restructuring; 
(II) 
the Securities are not Auction Settled Securities; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs following the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement, 
provided that in respect of this sub-paragraph  (b): 
(X) 
subject to paragraph  8 (Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event) 
above, no Physical Settlement Date, if applicable, or Adjusted Maturity Date 
has occurred on or prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event 
Announcement occurs; 
(Y) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred as of the 
date on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs, a Credit Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to 
the portion of the outstanding nominal amount of a Security, if any, with 
respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has 
occurred; and 
(Z) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying a Restructuring as the only Credit Event 
has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, (aa) 
unless the Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the 
subject of the notice to ISDA resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date or (bb) unless, and to the extent that, the Partial 
Redemption Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less than 
the then outstanding nominal amount of each Security. 
No Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit Event Determination Date 
previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, or to 
the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, the 
Physical Settlement Date (or, if earlier, a Delivery Date), or the Adjusted Maturity Date, as 
applicable, a DC No Credit Event Announcement Date occurs with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity or Obligation thereof. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred 
on a date that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Credit Event 
Determination Date or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date is

--- Page 492 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
492 
 
 
deemed to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent 
will determine: (a) the adjustment to these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms, if any, that is required to reflect the above; and (b) either (i) the date on which any 
additional amounts are payable to Securityholders to reflect the above or (ii) the amount by 
which any future amounts payable in respect of the Securities will be reduced to reflect the 
above (provided that no such future amount shall be reduced to an amount less than zero).  
For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest in respect of any delay in payment shall be 
taken into account when determining any such adjustment. 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be 
in writing (including by facsimile) and/or by telephone) to the Issuer (which the Calculation 
Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that 
occurred in respect of a Reference Entity or, if "First-to-Default" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any Reference Entity in the Reference Portfolio, in either case at 
or after 12:01 a.m., Greenwich Mean Time (or if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time), on (i) in the case of 
Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 
Supplement is applicable, the Credit Event Backstop Date or (ii) in the case of Securities in 
respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 Supplement is not 
applicable, the Trade Date and, in either case, at or prior to 11:59 p.m., Greenwich Mean 
Time (or if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign, Tokyo time), on the Extension Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to 
the determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means the amount per Calculation Amount specified as 
such or, in respect of Exempt Securities, determined as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or if no such amount or method of determination is so specified, an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
A x B 
where: 
"A" is the Calculation Amount; and 
"B" is the Final Price, 
provided that in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be less than zero. In 
relation to a Note, where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the Credit Event Redemption Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means, subject to paragraph  14 (Settlement Suspension) 
above, the day falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
after the determination of the Final Price, or, if the number of Business Days is not so 
specified, ten (10) Business Days. For the avoidance of doubt, a Credit Event Redemption 
Date may fall on a day that is later than the Maturity Date. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to ISDA, delivered 
in accordance with the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve: 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event for purposes of the Securities has 
occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Obligation thereof; and

--- Page 493 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
493 
 
 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event 
has occurred, the date of the occurrence of such event, 
the date, as publicly announced by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the first date on which such notice was effective and on which the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession, in accordance with 
the Rules, of Publicly Available Information with respect to the DC Resolutions referred to in 
sub-clauses  (a) and  (b) above. 
"Currency Amount" means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Notice or Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by 
reference to the Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Notice or any Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the 
currency in which such Deliverable Obligation or Replacement Deliverable Obligation is 
denominated that is either (i) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate is not available 
at such time, determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters 
at 4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that (a) an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such 
Reference Entity (or an Obligation thereof) and (b) such event occurred on or after the Credit 
Event Backstop Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, 
Tokyo time)) and on or prior to the Extension Date (determined by reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or 
Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)). A DC Credit Event Announcement will be deemed not to have 
occurred unless (i) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date with respect to such Credit 
Event occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including 
prior to the Trade Date) and (ii) the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date that is 21 calendar days 
following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, that the event that is the subject 
of the notice to ISDA resulting in the occurrence of such Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date does not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity (or an 
Obligation thereof). 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations are to 
be obtained, including each Dealer specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If no Dealers are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the Dealers. Upon 
a Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in 
the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may 
substitute any other Dealer(s) for such Dealer(s).

--- Page 494 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
494 
 
 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Default Requirement is not specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, U.S.$10,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of 
the relevant Credit Event. 
"Defaulted Reference Entity" means, if "First-to-Default" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the first Reference Entity with respect to which a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs or, if a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in respect of more 
than one Reference Entity on the same day, the first Reference Entity in respect of which 
either of the following events first occurred: (a) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
(provided that if a Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurs in respect of more than one 
such Reference Entity on the same day, the first Reference Entity in respect of which ISDA 
announces that the relevant notice was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of the relevant Publicly Available Information, in 
each case in accordance with the definition of "Credit Event Resolution Request Date", shall 
be deemed to have satisfied this condition first); or (b) the delivery of the Credit Event Notice 
and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as a Condition to Settlement, the 
Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee, 
transfer of the benefit of the Qualifying Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the 
manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall 
include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in 
order to convey all right, title and interest in the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Physical Settlement Notice or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, to 
the relevant Securityholder free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances (including without limitation any counterclaim, defence (other than a 
counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in paragraphs  (a) to  (d) in the definition 
of "Credit Event" above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity (or, if "First to Default" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, of the Defaulted Reference Entity), or 
as applicable, an Underlying Obligor or Insured Obligor, as applicable); provided that to the 
extent that (i) the Deliverable Obligations consist of Qualifying Guarantees, "Deliver" means 
to Deliver both the Qualifying Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation and (ii) the 
Deliverable Obligations consist of Qualifying Policies, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the 
Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an 
internationally recognised custodian representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument 
and the related Qualifying Policy. "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. In 
the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of 
the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means, subject to the third and fourth paragraphs of paragraph  6 
(Procedures for Physical Delivery) above: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity or, if "First-to-Default" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Defaulted Reference Entity, (in either case, either 
directly or as provider of a Qualifying Policy or Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All 
Guarantees" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as provider of 
any Qualifying Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in (A) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations below (but excluding each Excluded 
Deliverable Obligation (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that (i) is 
payable in an amount equal to its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, (ii) is not subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than a 
counterclaim or defence based on the factors set-forth in paragraphs  (a) to  (d) of the 
definition of "Credit Event" above)) or right of set off by or of a Reference Entity or the 
Defaulted Reference Entity, as the case may be, or any applicable Underlying Obligor 
or Insured Obligor, and (iii) in the case of a Qualifying Policy or Qualifying Guarantee 
other than a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, as the case may be, is capable, at the

--- Page 495 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
495 
 
 
Delivery Date, of immediate assertion or demand by or on behalf of the holder or 
holders against the Reference Entity or the Defaulted Reference Entity for an amount 
at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount 
being Delivered apart from the giving of any notice of non-payment or similar 
procedural requirement, it being understood that acceleration of an Insured 
Instrument or Underlying Obligation, as the case may be, shall not be considered a 
procedural requirement; 
(b) 
subject to the second paragraph of the definition of "Not Contingent" in  (A) Method for 
Determining Deliverable Obligations below, each Reference Obligation of the 
Reference Entity (or, if "First-to-Default" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, of the Defaulted Reference Entity), unless specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Sovereign Reference 
Entity, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation (but excluding any 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation) that (i) is payable in an amount equal to its 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, (ii) is not 
subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in paragraphs  (a) to  (d) of the definition of "Credit Event" above) 
or right of set-off by or of a Reference Entity or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor, 
and (iii) in the case of a Qualifying Policy or Qualifying Guarantee other than a 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, as the case may be, is capable, at the Delivery Date, 
of immediate assertion or demand by or on behalf of the holder or holders against the 
Reference Entity (or, if "First-to-Default" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Defaulted Reference Entity) for an amount at least equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount being Delivered apart 
from the giving of any notice of non-payment or similar procedural requirement, it 
being understood that acceleration of an Insured Instrument or Underlying Obligation, 
as the case may be, shall not be considered a procedural requirement; and 
(d) 
any Additional Deliverable Obligation of a Reference Entity or the Defaulted 
Reference Entity, as the case may be, specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(A) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations. With respect to any 
Series, the term "Deliverable Obligation" may be defined as each obligation 
of each Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation Category 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and, subject to  (B) (Interpretation of 
Provisions) below, having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, 
if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case as of the 
Delivery Date. The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(1) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, 
Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond 
or Loan (each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), 
except that, for the purpose of determining Deliverable Obligations, 
the definition of "Reference Obligation Only" shall be amended to 
state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be 
applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
(2) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of 
Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance (each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), Not 
Contingent, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, 
Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured, and Not Bearer where:

--- Page 496 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
496 
 
 
(i) 
"Not Contingent" means any obligation having as of the 
Delivery Date and all times thereafter an Outstanding 
Principal Balance or, in the case of obligations that are not 
Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable Amount, that pursuant 
to the terms of such obligation may not be reduced as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than payment). A Convertible Obligation, 
an Exchangeable Obligation and an Accreting Obligation 
shall satisfy the "Not Contingent" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic if such Convertible Obligation, Exchangeable 
Obligation or Accreting Obligation otherwise meets the 
requirements of the preceding sentence so long as, in the 
case of a Convertible Obligation or an Exchangeable 
Obligation, the right (a) to convert or exchange such 
obligation or (b) to require the issuer to purchase or redeem 
such obligation (if the issuer has exercised or may exercise 
the right to pay the purchase or redemption price, in whole or 
in part, in Equity Securities) has not been exercised (or such 
exercise has been effectively rescinded) on or before the 
Delivery Date. 
If a Reference Obligation is a Convertible Obligation or an 
Exchangeable Obligation, then such Reference Obligation 
may be included as a Deliverable Obligation only if the rights 
referred to in clauses  (a) and  (b) of the paragraph above 
have not been exercised (or such exercise has been 
effectively rescinded) on or before the Delivery Date. 
An Insured Instrument will not be regarded as failing to 
satisfy 
the 
"Not 
Contingent" 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic solely because such Insured Instrument is 
subject to provisions limiting recourse in respect of such 
Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets 
(including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or 
reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing 
under such Insured Instrument, provided that such provisions 
are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms 
thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or 
insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would 
have been required to be made absent any such limitation or 
reduction; 
(ii) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or 
financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the 
relevant lending syndicate without the consent of the relevant 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or 
the consent of the applicable borrower if a Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(iii) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of 
being assigned or novated with the consent of the relevant 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or 
the consent of the relevant borrower if a Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(iv) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following

--- Page 497 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
497 
 
 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that 
provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A 
or Regulation S promulgated under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction 
having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for 
resale of an obligation); or 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as 
statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; 
(v) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a 
remaining maturity from the Physical Settlement Date of not 
greater than the period specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
(vi) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which 
the total amount owed, whether at maturity, by reason of 
acceleration, upon termination or otherwise (other than 
amounts in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-
ups and other similar amounts), is, or on or prior to the 
Delivery Date will be, due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, 
and without regard to, any limitation imposed under any 
applicable insolvency laws; and 
(vii) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer 
instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer 
instrument 
are 
cleared 
via 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other internationally recognised clearing 
system. 
(B) 
Interpretation of Provisions. Unless expressly stated in the applicable 
Issue Terms that this paragraph  (B) is not applicable to a Series: 
(1) 
if (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or 
"Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issue 
Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and shall only be relevant if 
Bonds are covered by the selected Deliverable Obligation Category; 
(ii) the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had 
been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans (and shall only 
be relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are 
covered by the selected Deliverable Obligation Category); or (iii) 
either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan" 
or "Consent Required Loan" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issue Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans and

--- Page 498 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
498 
 
 
shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the selected 
Deliverable Obligation Category; 
(2) 
if any of "Payment", "Borrowed Money", "Loan" or "Bond or Loan" is 
specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category and more than one 
of Assignable Loan or Consent Required Loan are specified as 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable Obligations 
may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics; and 
(3) 
in the event that a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Guarantee, 
the following will apply: 
(i) 
for the purposes of the application of the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Qualifying Guarantee shall be 
deemed to be described by the same category or categories 
as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Qualifying Guarantee 
and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date 
each 
of 
the 
applicable 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms from the following list: Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, 
and Not Domestic Law. For these purposes, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) the 
lawful currency of any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the 
United Kingdom or the United States of America or the euro 
shall not be a Domestic Currency and (b) the laws of 
England and the laws of the State of New York shall not be a 
Domestic Law; 
(iii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date each of the applicable 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms from the following list: Listed, Not 
Contingent, Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, 
Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured, and Not Bearer; 
(iv) 
for the purposes of the application of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, 
references to the Reference Entity or the Defaulted 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor; and 
(v) 
the terms "Outstanding Principal Balance" and "Due and 
Payable Amount" (as they are used in these Terms and 
Conditions, including, without limitation, the definitions of 
"Cash Settlement Amount" and "Quotation Amount" in 
paragraph  7 (Partial Cash Settlement) above), when used in 
connection with Qualifying Guarantees are to be interpreted 
to be the then Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Underlying Obligation 
which is supported by a Qualifying Guarantee.

--- Page 499 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
499 
 
 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the date such Deliverable 
Obligation is Delivered. 
"Delivery Expenses" means all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the Delivery of the 
Asset Amount, including, without limitation, any such costs, taxes, duties or expenses payable 
by the transferor and transferee of the Asset Amount. 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
and any successor currency. If no currency is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Domestic Currency shall be the lawful currency and any successor currency of (a) the 
relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in 
which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. In 
no event shall Domestic Currency include any successor currency if such successor currency 
is the lawful currency of any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the 
United States of America or the euro (or any successor currency to any of the aforementioned 
currencies). 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date 
of the issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means, subject as provided in (B) Interpretation of Provisions 
under the definition of Deliverable Obligation, the amount that is due and payable under (and 
in accordance with the terms of) a Deliverable Obligation on the Delivery Date, whether by 
reason of acceleration, maturity, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of 
default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts). 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity specified in paragraph  (v)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$500 
million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in paragraph  (a) above; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, 
issuer of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other 
special purpose vehicle) that (1) has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million 
or (2) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or

--- Page 500 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
500 
 
 
management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least U.S.$100 
million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, 
or other agreement by an entity described in paragraphs  (a),  (b) or  (v)(ii) 
above or  (d) below; and 
(d) 
a Sovereign, Sovereign Agency or Supranational Organisation. 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies. 
"Enabling Obligation" means an outstanding Deliverable Obligation that (i) is a Fully 
Transferable Obligation or a Conditionally Transferable Obligation, as applicable, and (ii) has 
a final maturity date occurring on or prior to the Maturity Date and following the Limitation 
Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date (or, in circumstances where the Maturity Date 
occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date, following the final maturity date of the Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, if any). 
"Equity Securities" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Convertible Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts representing equity 
securities of the issuer of such obligation together with any other property distributed 
to or made available to holders of those equity securities from time to time; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of a person other than the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts 
representing equity securities of a person other than the issuer of such obligation 
together with any other property distributed to or made available to holders of those 
equity securities from time to time. 
"Exchangeable Obligation" means any obligation that is exchangeable, in whole or in part, 
for Equity Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar 
agent acting for the benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, 
whether the cash settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders 
of such obligation). 
"Excluded Obligation" means any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is a Restructuring and neither "Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation" nor "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Issue Terms, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; 
or 
(iii) 
the date that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or

--- Page 501 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
501 
 
 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is a Restructuring and either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Issue Terms and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms may be published, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days 
following the date on which ISDA publishes the Final List applicable to such 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in accordance with the Rules; or 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph  (a) of 
the definition thereof the date that is 21 calendar days following such No 
Auction Announcement Date. 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) the Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice or the notice to ISDA resulting in the occurrence of the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable, is a Failure to Pay that occurs after 
the Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign, Tokyo time)); and (iii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such 
Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Maturity Date (determined by reference to 
Greenwich Mean Time (or if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is 
Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)); and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject 
of the Credit Event Notice or the notice to ISDA resulting in the occurrence of the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable, is a Repudiation/Moratorium for 
which 
the 
event 
described 
in 
paragraph 
 (b) 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" occurs after the Maturity Date (determined by reference to 
Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is 
Japan 
Corporate 
or 
Japan 
Sovereign, 
Tokyo 
time)); 
(ii) 
the 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or 
prior to the Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign, Tokyo time)); and (iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is 
satisfied. 
"Failure to Pay" means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the 
failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in 
accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means the fallback settlement method specified (or deemed 
specified) in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Fallback Settlement Method Event" means any one or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date or, in the case of a Restructuring Credit Event in 
respect of which the Movement Option was exercised on or prior to the Movement 
Option Cut-off Date, a Parallel Auction Cancellation Date occurs;

--- Page 502 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
502 
 
 
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and, in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph  (b) of the definition of 
No Auction Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option); 
(c) 
ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, not to 
determine the matters described in sub-paragraphs  (a) and  (b) of the definition of 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date"; or 
(d) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph  (a) of 
the definition of "Credit Event Determination Date" and no Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after 
such Credit Event Determination Date. 
"Final List" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Final Price" means the price of the Reference Obligation (and if "First-to-Default" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Reference Obligation of the Defaulted 
Reference Entity), expressed as a percentage, determined in accordance with the Valuation 
Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if Fixed Recovery is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation 
obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an 
amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation 
other than Bonds. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a 
Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered as a requirement 
for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". For purposes of 
determining whether a Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of this definition of 
"Fully Transferable Obligation", such determination shall be made as of the Delivery Date for 
the relevant Deliverable Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation and any related transfer or consent documents which have been obtained by the 
Issuer. 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the 
financial markets (including the central bank) of a Reference Entity or of the jurisdiction of 
organisation of a Reference Entity. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs  (b) and  (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under the relevant Obligation under the terms of such Obligation in effect 
as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Maturity Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)) and the 
applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Maturity Date, 
the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the

--- Page 503 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
503 
 
 
period specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no period is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, 30 calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, at the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three 
Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a 
Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such 
Obligation; provided that, unless "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Maturity Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the 
days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so 
specified, in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if: 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; 
and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Maturity Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)), 
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure 
to Pay. 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means in the determination of the Calculation Agent any event as 
a result of which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates has not received the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations under the terms of any transaction entered into by the Issuer and/or 
such affiliate to hedge the Issuer's obligations or position in respect of the Securities. 
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Asset 
Amount which, on the Physical Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the 
Calculation Agent determines cannot be Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event. 
"Hedging Costs" means, notwithstanding any provisions in the General Conditions, in 
respect of the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Auction Cash Settlement Amount, Cash Settlement Amount, Credit Event 
Redemption Amount or such other amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
subject to adjustment for Hedging Costs (each a "Relevant Redemption Amount") or the 
Asset Amount, as the case may be (a) the losses, expenses and costs (if any), including any 
loss of bargain or cost of funding (in which case the Relevant Redemption Amount will be 
adjusted downward to the extent of such losses, expenses and costs or the Asset Amount 
may be reduced as provided in paragraph  2 (Physical Settlement) above), provided that the 
Relevant Redemption Amount shall not be less than zero or (b) the gain (in which case the 
Relevant Redemption Amount will be adjusted upward to the extent of such gain or, as the 
case may be, a payment will be made by the Issuer to the Securityholder to the extent of such 
gain in respect of the Asset Amount), as the case may be, to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of 
unwinding, terminating, liquidating, adjusting, obtaining, replacing, settling or re-establishing 
any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements (including but not limited to 
any options, currency and derivative trades or selling or otherwise realising any instruments of 
any type whatsoever which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may hold as part of such 
hedging or funding arrangements), all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
"Instrument Payments" means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form 
of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic 
distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the

--- Page 504 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
504 
 
 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured 
Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) 
(1) determined without regard to limited recourse or reduction provisions of the type described 
in the definition of "Not Contingent" above and (2) excluding sums in respect of default 
interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and 
other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
"Intervening Period" means such period of time as any person other than the relevant 
Securityholder shall continue to be registered as the legal owner of any securities or other 
obligations comprising the Asset Amount. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in 
any year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of 
years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years (the 
"5-year Limitation Date"), 7.5 years, 10 years, 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years (the "20-
year Limitation Date"), as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention unless the applicable Issue Terms specify 
otherwise. 
"Liquidated Value" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation and a Delivery Date, the 
proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of the sale of such Deliverable Obligation as of the 
Delivery Date on the basis of the following: 
(a) 
if more than one Full Quotation (for which purpose any reference to "Reference 
Obligation" in the definition thereof shall be deemed to be a reference to "Deliverable 
Obligation") are obtained, the highest of such Full Quotations; 
(b) 
if only one Full Quotation is obtained, such Full Quotation; 
(c) 
if only a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; 
(d) 
if neither a Full Quotation nor a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, subject to 
where the Quotation is deemed to be zero, an amount as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which at least one Full Quotation or a 
Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; or 
(e) 
if the Quotations are deemed to be zero, the Liquidated Value shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to a Reference Obligation, on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest 
value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation;

--- Page 505 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
505 
 
 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, subject as provided in the definition of "Quotation", an amount as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which two or more 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(f) 
if the Quotations are deemed to be zero, the Market Value shall be zero. 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, 
the lower of (a) U.S.$1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) 
the Quotation Amount. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in 
loans, securities and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
the July 2009 Supplement is not applicable, the date that is the later of (x) the 
Maturity Date and (y) 60 months following the Restructuring Date in the case of a 
Restructured Bond or Loan, or 30 months following the Restructuring Date in the 
case of all other Deliverable Obligations; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
the July 2009 Supplement is applicable, the Limitation Date occurring on or 
immediately following the Maturity Date, provided that, in circumstances where the 
Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date, at least one Enabling 
Obligation exists. If "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date and prior to the 5-year 
Limitation Date, a Restructured Bond or Loan will not constitute an Enabling 
Obligation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Maturity Date is either (i) on or prior 
to the 2.5-year Limitation Date or (ii) later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date and on or 
prior to the 5-year Limitation Date and no Enabling Obligation exists, the Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the 5-year Limitation Date in the case of 
a Restructured Bond or Loan only. Subject to the foregoing, in the event that the 
Maturity Date is later than (A) the 2.5-year Limitation Date and no Enabling Obligation 
exists or (B) the 20-year Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the Maturity Date. 
"Movement Option" means, if: 
(i) 
either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph  (b) of the 
definition of No Auction Announcement Date, 
the option of the Issuer to apply to the Securities, for the purposes of determining the Auction 
Final Price, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that 
could be specified in any Physical Settlement Notice (provided that if more than one such set 
of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply). The 
Issuer shall be deemed to have exercised such option if the Calculation Agent delivers an

--- Page 506 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
506 
 
 
effective Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement 
Option Cut-off Date. If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Fallback Settlement 
Method shall apply. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is four Relevant City Business Days 
following the Exercise Cut-off Date. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the date on which the Physical Settlement Notice or relevant Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, in relation to Auction Settled Securities, with 
respect to a Credit Event, the date on which ISDA first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a Restructuring with respect to Credit Linked Securities 
for which either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" 
or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms only, no 
Transaction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published; or 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no 
Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by ISDA to the contrary. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and 
including the date that is 21 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" means, in relation to Auction Settled Securities for 
which (a) either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) the Fallback Settlement 
Method would otherwise be applicable pursuant to paragraph  (b) of the definition of "Fallback 
Settlement Method Event", an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which may be in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone (which the 
Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver)) that (i) specifies the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms applicable with respect to such Auction Settled Securities in 
accordance with the definition of "Movement Option" and (ii) is effective on or prior to the 
Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice (which may be in 
writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or oral (including by telephone) and which will 
be effective when given) from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation 
Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly Available Information 
confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, the Notice of Publicly Available 
Information must cite Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of both 
paragraphs  (a) and  (b) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". The notice given must 
contain a copy or description in reasonable detail of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms and a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information.

--- Page 507 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
507 
 
 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Qualifying 
Policy or Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in  (A) Method for Determining 
Obligations below (but excluding each Excluded Obligation (if any) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms); 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Issue Terms, unless specified 
as an Excluded Obligation; and 
(c) 
any Additional Obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Method for Determining Obligations. With respect to any Series, the term 
"Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of each Reference Entity 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and having each of the Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in each case, as of the date of the event which 
constitutes the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event 
Notice or the notice to ISDA resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
(1) 
"Obligation 
Category" 
means 
Payment, 
Borrowed 
Money, 
Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of 
which shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where: 
(i) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, 
contingent or otherwise) for the payment or repayment of 
money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
(ii) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an 
obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for which 
there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money 
(which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to 
letters of credit); 
(iii) 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a 
Reference Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall 
be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(iv) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the 
"Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that is in the form of, 
or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt 
security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money; 
(v) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the 
"Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that is documented 
by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other 
similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type 
of Borrowed Money; and

--- Page 508 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
508 
 
 
(vi) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond 
or a Loan. 
(2) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where: 
(i) 
(a) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not 
Subordinated 
to 
the 
most 
senior 
Reference 
Obligation in priority of payment or, if no Reference 
Obligation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of 
the Reference Entity; provided that in the case of 
Securities in respect of which the relevant Issue 
Terms specifies that the July 2009 Supplement is 
applicable, if any of the events set forth under 
paragraph  (a) of the definition of "Substitute 
Reference Obligation" has occurred with respect to 
all of the Reference Obligations or if the second last 
paragraph of the definition of "Successor" is 
applicable with respect to the Reference Obligation 
(each, 
in 
each 
case, 
a 
"Prior 
Reference 
Obligation") and no Substitute Reference Obligation 
has been identified for any of the Prior Reference 
Obligations at the time of the determination of 
whether 
an 
obligation 
satisfied 
the 
"Not 
Subordinated" 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, as applicable, 
"Not Subordinated" shall mean an obligation that 
would not have been Subordinated to the most 
senior such Prior Reference Obligation in priority of 
payment. For the purposes of determining whether 
an obligation satisfies the "Not Subordinated" 
Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the ranking in priority of payment of 
each Reference Obligation or each Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of 
the date as of which the Reference Obligation or 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, was 
issued or incurred and shall not reflect any change to 
such ranking in priority of payment after such date; 
and 
(b) 
"Subordination" 
means, 
with 
respect 
to 
an 
obligation (the "Subordinated Obligation") and 
another obligation of the Reference Entity to which 
such obligation is being compared (the "Senior 
Obligation"), a contractual, trust or other similar 
arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the 
Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the Senior 
Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the 
holders of the Subordinated Obligation or (II) the 
holders of the Subordinated Obligation will not be 
entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of 
their claims against the Reference Entity at any time 
that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is 
otherwise in default under the Senior Obligation. 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For

--- Page 509 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
509 
 
 
purposes of determining whether Subordination 
exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being 
compared, the existence of preferred creditors 
arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit 
support or other credit enhancement arrangements 
shall not be taken into account, except that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by 
operation of law shall be taken into account where 
the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; 
(ii) 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in 
the currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and no currency is so specified, any 
of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the 
United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro (and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies), which currencies shall be 
referred to collectively in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Standard Specified Currencies"); 
(iii) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not 
primarily owed to a Sovereign or Supranational Organisation, 
including, without limitation, obligations generally referred to 
as "Paris Club debt"; 
(iv) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is 
payable in any currency other than the Domestic Currency; 
(v) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not 
governed by the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if 
such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction of 
organisation of the relevant Reference Entity, if such 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign; 
(vi) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or 
ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange; and 
(vii) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than 
an obligation that was, at the time the relevant obligation was 
issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or incurred, 
intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is 
registered or qualified for sale outside the domestic market of 
the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such 
obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the 
domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be 
deemed not to be intended for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the Reference Entity. 
(B) 
Interpretation of Provisions. 
(1) 
If the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as 
though "Listed" had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Bonds and shall only be relevant if Bonds are 
covered by the selected Obligation Category; and

--- Page 510 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
510 
 
 
(2) 
In the event that an Obligation is a Qualifying Guarantee, the 
following will apply: 
(i) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation 
Category, the Qualifying Guarantee shall be deemed to 
satisfy the same category or categories as those that 
describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation 
Characteristics, both the Qualifying Guarantee and the 
Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date each 
of the applicable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms from the following list: Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, 
Not Domestic Currency and Not Domestic Law. For these 
purposes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (a) the lawful currency of any of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United States of 
America or the euro shall not be a Domestic Currency and 
(b) the laws of England and the laws of the State of New 
York shall not be a Domestic Law; 
(iii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy 
on the relevant date each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms from the following list: Listed, Not Contingent, Not 
Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required 
Loan, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or 
Matured, and Not Bearer; 
(iv) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor; and 
(v) 
the terms "Outstanding Principal Balance" and "Due and 
Payable Amount" (as they are used in these Terms and 
Conditions, including, without limitation, the definitions of 
"Cash Settlement Amount" and "Quotation Amount" in 
paragraph  7 (Partial Cash Settlement) above), when used in 
connection with Qualifying Guarantees are to be interpreted 
to be the then Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Underlying Obligation 
which is supported by a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a 
default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a 
failure to make any required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more 
Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before 
they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the

--- Page 511 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
511 
 
 
occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of a Reference 
Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means, subject as provided in  (3) (v) of paragraph  (B) of 
"Interpretation of Provisions" under the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in relation to a 
Reference Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation: 
(a) 
if that Reference Obligation or Deliverable Obligation, as the case may be, is an 
Accreting Obligation, the Accreted Amount thereof; 
(b) 
if that Reference Obligation or Deliverable Obligation, as the case may be, is an 
Exchangeable Obligation but not an Accreting Obligation, the outstanding principal 
amount of such obligation excluding any amount that may be payable under the 
terms of such obligation in respect of the value of the Equity Securities for which such 
obligation is exchangeable; and 
(c) 
in relation to any other Reference Obligation or Deliverable Obligation, as the case 
may be, the outstanding principal amount of such Reference Obligation or Deliverable 
Obligation. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as defined in the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date" means "Auction Final Price 
Determination Date" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Date" means "Auction Settlement Date" as defined in the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of a Restructuring 
and provided that either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" 
or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such Restructuring in accordance with 
the Rules, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions applicable to the Securities and for which any credit derivative 
transaction(s) related to or underlying the Securities would not be an Auction Covered 
Transaction. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Payment Requirement is not so 
specified, U.S.$1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable 
Obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Currency" means (a) the legal tender of any Group of 7 country (or any country 
that becomes a member of the Group of 7 if such Group of 7 expands its membership); or (b) 
the legal tender of any country which, as of the date of such change, is a member of the 
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and has a local currency long-term 
debt rating of either AAA or higher assigned to it by Standard & Poor's, a division of The 
McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or any successor to the rating business thereof, Aaa or higher 
assigned to it by Moody's Investor Services or any successor to the rating business thereof,

--- Page 512 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
512 
 
 
or AAA or higher assigned to it by Fitch Ratings or any successor to the rating business 
thereof. 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement (the "Scheduled Physical 
Settlement Date"), provided that if a Hedge Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing 
on the second Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled Physical Settlement Date, 
the Physical Settlement Date shall be the earlier of (a) the second Business Day following the 
date on which no Hedge Disruption Event exists and (b) the day falling 60 Business Days 
following the Scheduled Physical Settlement Date. 
"Physical Settlement Notice" means a notice from the Issuer to the Securityholders in 
accordance with the General Conditions confirming that the Issuer will, subject to 
paragraphs  6 (Procedures for Physical Delivery) and  8 (Credit Event Notice after 
Restructuring Credit Event) above, redeem the Securities in accordance with paragraph  2 
(Physical Settlement) above and satisfying the requirements of a Physical Settlement Notice 
specified in paragraph  2 (Physical Settlement) above. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to paragraph  14 (Settlement Suspension) 
above, the number of Business Days specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if a 
number of Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation 
specified in the Physical Settlement Notice or the Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with then 
current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Physically Settled Securities" means Securities in respect of which "Physical Settlement" 
is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Issue Terms or where 
Physical Settlement is the Fallback Settlement Method and a Fallback Settlement Method 
Event has occurred. 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under 
one or more Obligations, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to 
the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations, in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in 
paragraph  (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms or if a source is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each of 
Bloomberg Service, Dow Jones Telerate Service, Reuter Monitor Money Rates Services, Dow 
Jones News Wire, Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos and The Australian 
Financial Review (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the 
country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised 
published or electronically displayed news sources. 
"Publicly Available Information" means: 
(a) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination 
that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in 
a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice has occurred and 
which: 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public 
Sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to 
obtain such information; provided that, if either the Calculation Agent or the

--- Page 513 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
513 
 
 
Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates is cited as the sole source of such 
information, then such information shall not be deemed to be Publicly 
Available Information unless either the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or any 
of their Affiliates is acting in its capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent 
bank for an Obligation; 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) a Reference Entity or, as the 
case may be, a Sovereign Agency (in respect of a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign) or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, 
paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(iii) 
is information contained in any petition or filing instituting a proceeding 
described in paragraph  (d) of the definition of "Bankruptcy" against or by a 
Reference Entity; or 
(iv) 
is information contained in any order, decree or notice, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative, regulatory or judicial body. 
In the event that the Calculation Agent is (x) the sole source of information in its 
capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, 
facility agent or agent bank for the Obligation with respect to which a Credit Event has 
occurred and (y) a holder of such Obligation, the Calculation Agent shall be required 
to deliver to the Issuer a certificate signed by a Manager Director (or other 
substantively equivalent title) of the Calculation Agent which shall certify the 
occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to such Obligation. 
(b) 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs  (v)(ii),  (iii) and  (iv) 
above, the Calculation Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed 
to it without violating any law, agreement or understanding regarding the 
confidentiality of such information and that the entity delivering such information has 
not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the 
Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or 
would prevent, the disclosure of such information to third parties. 
(c) 
Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the determination of any 
Downstream Affiliate, the percentage of Voting Shares owned, directly or indirectly by 
the Reference Entity and (ii) that such occurrence: 
(a) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(b) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(c) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of that Reference 
Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means an arrangement evidenced by a written instrument pursuant 
to which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees (by guarantee of payment or equivalent legal 
arrangement) to pay all amounts due under an obligation (the "Underlying Obligation") for 
which another party is the obligor (the "Underlying Obligor"). Qualifying Guarantees shall 
exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance 
policy, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the terms of which the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged, reduced or otherwise altered 
or assigned (other than by operation of law) as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence

--- Page 514 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
514 
 
 
of an event or circumstance (other than payment). The benefit of a Qualifying Guarantee must 
be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation. 
"Qualifying Policy" means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial 
guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all 
Instrument Payments of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (the "Insured 
Instrument") for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor 
(the "Insured Obligor"). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a 
surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express 
contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged 
or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than the payment of Instrument Payments). The benefit of a Qualifying Policy must be 
capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of 
paragraph  (B) (2) of the definition of "Obligation" or paragraph  (B) (3) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation", respectively, will apply, with references to the Qualifying Guarantee, 
the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, 
the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(a) 
the Obligation Category "Borrowed Money" and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be 
deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and 
"obligor" as used in the Credit Terms in respect of such an Insured Instrument, shall 
be construed accordingly; 
(b) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" to 
the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, 
respectively; 
(c) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant 
date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Accelerated or Matured", whether or 
not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
(d) 
if the "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or "Transferable" Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and if the 
benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured 
Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument; 
(e) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest, the term "outstanding principal balance" shall mean 
the outstanding Certificate Balance and "maturity", as such term is used in the 
"Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified 
date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; and 
(f) 
paragraph  (B) (2) (ii) of the definition of "Obligation" and paragraph  (B) (3) (ii) of the 
definition of "Deliverable Obligation" shall not apply and instead the following shall 
apply: 
(a) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Qualifying Policy and the 
Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant date each of the applicable 
Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms from the following list: Specified

--- Page 515 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
515 
 
 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency and Not Domestic 
Law. For these purposes (A) the lawful currency of any of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United States of America or the euro 
shall not be a Domestic Currency and (B) the laws of England and the laws of 
the State of New York shall not be a Domestic Law; and 
(b) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Qualifying Policy must satisfy 
on the relevant date the Obligation Characteristic or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic of "Not Subordinated", if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
In the event that a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a 
Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of the relevant 
definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent 
as the Insured Instrument. References in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation" to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and 
insuring, respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is 
used in the definitions of "Fully Transferable Obligation", "Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation" and "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date", shall mean the specified date by 
which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution 
of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain 
two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business 
Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, 
on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant 
Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five 
Dealers or more and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted 
Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full 
Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior 
to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date, the Quotations 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(b) 
(i) 
If "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of Quotations, such Quotations shall include accrued but unpaid 
interest. 
(ii) 
If "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of Quotations, such Quotations shall not include accrued but unpaid 
interest. 
(iii) 
If neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Quotations, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, based on then current market practice in 
the market of the Reference Obligation, whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. All Quotations shall be 
obtained in accordance with this specification or determination. 
(c) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a 
percentage of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such 
Quotation will instead be expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance for the purposes of determining the Final Price.

--- Page 516 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
516 
 
 
"Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if 
no amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Amount (or, in either 
case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent in 
a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that 
the relevant Quotation is being obtained). 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms by reference to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Dealers 
and shall be averaged for the purposes of determining a relevant Dealer's quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Bid shall apply. 
"Reference Entity" means each entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and, in 
each case, any Successor. Any Successor to a Reference Entity identified pursuant to the 
definition of "Successor" shall be a Reference Entity for the purposes of the relevant 
Securities. 
"Reference Obligation" means each obligation specified or of a type described as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms and any Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Reference Portfolio" means, if "First-to-Default" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a portfolio comprising all entities (each a "Reference Entity") specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms and, in each case, any Successor. 
"Relevant Agent" means any applicable agent or agents or registrar in respect of the 
Securities. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations constituting Bonds and Loans of the relevant 
Reference Entity outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the Succession Event, 
excluding any debt obligations outstanding between the relevant Reference Entity and any of 
its Affiliates, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will determine the 
entity which succeeds to such Relevant Obligations on the basis of the Best Available 
Information. If the date on which the Best Available Information is available or is filed 
precedes the legally effective date of the relevant Succession Event, any assumptions as to 
the allocation of obligations between or among entities contained in the Best Available 
Information will be deemed to have been fulfilled as of the legally effective date of the 
Succession Event, whether or not this is in fact the case. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges 
the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de 
facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement; and

--- Page 517 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
517 
 
 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to 
any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or 
if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign, 
Tokyo 
time)), 
(a) 
if 
the 
Obligations 
to 
which 
such 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 
60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the 
expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the 
date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
the 
July 
2009 
Supplement 
is 
not 
applicable, 
by 
the 
delivery 
of 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, Notice of Publicly Available Information by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer during the period from and including the Trade Date to and 
including the date that is 21 calendar days after the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
the July 2009 Supplement is applicable: 
(a) 
if ISDA publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered in 
accordance with the Rules and effectively received on or prior to the date that 
is 21 calendar days after the Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to 
an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred 
on or prior to the Maturity Date determined by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)); or 
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, 
if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Notice of Publicly 
Available Information by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that are each 
effective on or prior to the date that is 21 calendar days after the Maturity 
Date, 
provided that the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to 
have been satisfied, or capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, ISDA 
publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered in accordance with 
the Rules and effectively received on or prior to the date that is 21 calendar days after 
the Maturity Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved 
that 
either 
(A) 
an 
event 
does 
not 
constitute 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
or (B) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with 
respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred 
after the Maturity Date (as determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign, Tokyo time)). 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice (which may be in 
writing (including by facsimile) and/or oral including by telephone) from the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that

--- Page 518 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
518 
 
 
describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred (i) in the case of Securities in 
respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the July 2009 Supplement is not 
applicable on or after the Trade Date and on or prior to the Maturity Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity is 
Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)) or (ii) in the case of Securities in respect 
of which the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the July 2009 Supplement is applicable, on 
or prior to the Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or if the 
Transaction Type of the Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo 
time)). A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable 
detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that 
is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the 
date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" 
shall be interpreted accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect 
of which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between a 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by a 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation, and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in 
effect as of the later of (i) the Trade Date (in the case of Securities in respect of which the 
applicable Issue Terms specifies that the July 2009 Supplement is not applicable) or the 
Credit Event Backstop Date (in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue 
Terms specifies that the July 2009 Supplement is applicable) and (ii) the date as of which 
such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals; 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled 
redemption dates; 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to 
any currency which is not a Permitted Currency. 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(A) 
the payment in euro of interest or principal in relation to an Obligation denominated in 
a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, 
as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(B) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs  (a) to  (e) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary 
course of business; and

--- Page 519 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
519 
 
 
(C) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs  (a) to  (e) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or 
indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of 
the Reference Entity or, in the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, 
where (I) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that 
the same Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the 
Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be 
made prior to such event and (II) such event is not a change in the ranking in the 
priority of payment of the Qualifying Policy. 
For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" and paragraph  9 (Provisions relating to 
Multiple Holder Obligation) above, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include (i) Insured 
Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy or (ii) 
Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee. In the case of a Qualifying Policy or 
Qualifying Guarantee and an Insured Instrument or Underlying Obligation, as the case may 
be, references to the Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall be deemed to 
refer to the Insured Obligor or Underlying Obligor, as the case may be, and the reference to 
the Reference Entity in the second paragraph of this definition of "Restructuring" shall 
continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, paragraphs  (a) 
to  (e) of the definition of Restructuring above shall be deemed to be amended to read as 
follows: 
"(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in 
clause (A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy; 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause 
(A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy; 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(x) of the 
definition thereof or (ii) the payment of the Instrument Payments described in 
clause (A)(y) of the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (i) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation or (ii) any Instrument 
Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument to any other 
instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood that, for 
this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such change that 
results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments provision applicable to 
the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of Instrument 
Payments that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any 
currency which is not a Permitted Currency." 
"Restructuring Date" means, the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation:

--- Page 520 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
520 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
the July 2009 Supplement is not applicable, the date that is the earlier of (x) 30 
months following the Restructuring Date and (y) the latest final maturity date of any 
Restructured Bond or Loan, provided, however, that under no circumstances shall the 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date be earlier than the Maturity Date or later than 
30 months following the Maturity Date and, if it is, shall be deemed to be the Maturity 
Date or 30 months following the Maturity Date, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
the July 2009 Supplement is applicable, the Limitation Date occurring on or 
immediately following the Maturity Date, provided that, in circumstances where the 
Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date, at least one Enabling 
Obligation exists. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the 
Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured 
Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or 
Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the Maturity Date 
occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of 
such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. In the event that the Maturity Date is 
later than (i)(A) the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan, if any, or (B) the 2.5-year Limitation Date, and, in either case, no Enabling 
Obligation exists or (ii) the 20-year Limitation Date, the Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the Maturity Date. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or if no currency is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Specified Currency of the 
Securities. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority (including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Agency" means any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other 
authority (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of a Sovereign. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Sovereign 
Reference Entity (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant 
Credit Event Notice has occurred and (b) described by the Deliverable Obligation Category 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and, subject to paragraph  (2) of  (B) Interpretation of 
Provisions in the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", having each of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, 
immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance 
with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring without regard to whether 
the Obligation would satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Category or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics after such Restructuring. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or if no number is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, two. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means one or more obligations of a Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a Qualifying Policy or Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All 
Guarantees" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as provider of any 
Qualifying Guarantee) that will replace one or more Reference Obligations, identified by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following procedures: 
(a) 
In the event that: 
(i) 
a Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; or

--- Page 521 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
521 
 
 
(ii) 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent (A) the aggregate amounts due 
under a Reference Obligation have been materially reduced by redemption or 
otherwise (other than due to any scheduled redemption, amortisation or 
prepayments), (B) any Reference Obligation is an Underlying Obligation with 
a Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity or, as the case may be, an 
Insured Instrument with a Qualifying Policy of a Reference Entity and, other 
than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Qualifying 
Guarantee or, as the case may be, the Qualifying Policy is no longer a valid 
and binding obligation of such Reference Entity enforceable in accordance 
with its terms, or (C) for any other reason, other than due to the existence or 
occurrence of a Credit Event, a Reference Obligation is no longer an 
obligation of a Reference Entity, 
the Calculation Agent shall identify one or more Obligations to replace such 
Reference Obligation. 
(b) 
Any Substitute Reference Obligation or Substitute Reference Obligations shall be an 
Obligation that (1) ranks pari passu in priority of payment with the ranking in priority of 
payment of each of the Substitute Reference Obligation and such Reference 
Obligation (with the ranking in priority of payment of such Reference Obligation being 
determined as of the date as of which such Reference Obligation was issued or 
incurred and not reflecting any change to such ranking in priority of payment after 
such date), (2) preserves the economic equivalent, as closely as practicable as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the delivery and payment obligations of the 
Issuer, and (3) is an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Qualifying Policy or Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as provider of any Qualifying 
Guarantee). The Substitute Reference Obligation or Substitute Reference Obligations 
identified by the Calculation Agent shall, without further action, replace such 
Reference Obligation or Reference Obligations. 
(c) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
for a Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, any of the events set forth in 
paragraph  (a) above has occurred with respect to one or more but not all of the 
Reference Obligations, and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available for one or more of such Reference Obligations, 
each Reference Obligation for which no Substitute Reference Obligation is available 
shall cease to be a Reference Obligation. 
(d) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
for a Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, any of the events set forth in 
paragraph  (a) above has occurred with respect to all of the Reference Obligations, 
and the Calculation Agent determines that at least one Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available for any such Reference Obligation, then each such Reference 
Obligation shall be replaced by a Substitute Reference Obligation and each 
Reference Obligation for which no Substitute Reference Obligation is available will 
cease to be a Reference Obligation. 
(e) 
If: 
(i) 
more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference 
Obligation for a Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, any of the 
events set forth in paragraph  (a) above has occurred with respect to all of the 
Reference Obligations, and the Calculation Agent determines that no 
Substitute Reference Obligation is available for any of the Reference 
Obligations; or 
(ii) 
only one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
for a Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, any of the events set

--- Page 522 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
522 
 
 
forth in paragraph  (a) above has occurred with respect to the Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available for that Reference Obligation, 
then the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify a Substitute Reference 
Obligation until the Extension Date. If (i) (A) either "Cash Settlement" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (or "Auction Settlement" is so specified, a Fallback 
Settlement Method Event occurs and "Cash Settlement" is specified as the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method) and the Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined 
by reference to a Reference Obligation or (B) either the Securities are Auction Settled 
Securities or "Physical Settlement" is specified as the applicable Settlement Method 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or "Auction Settlement" is so specified, a Fallback 
Settlement Method Event occurs and "Physical Settlement" is specified as the 
applicable Fallback Settlement Method) and in each case the Reference Obligation is 
the only Deliverable Obligation and (ii) on or prior to the Extension Date (determined 
by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)), a Substitute 
Reference Obligation has not been identified, the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities shall cease as of the end of the day on the Extension Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)). 
(f) 
For the purposes of identification of a Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in 
and of itself, convert such Reference Obligation into a different Obligation. 
"Succession Event" means an event such as a merger, demerger, consolidation, 
amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, spin off or other similar event in which one 
entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, whether by operation of law or pursuant to 
any agreement; provided that, in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable 
Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 Supplement is applicable, a "Succession Event" with 
respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign shall mean an event such as an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other event that 
results in any direct or indirect successor(s) to such Reference Entity. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, "Succession Event" shall not include (A) an event in which the holders of 
obligations of the Reference Entity exchange such obligations for the obligations of another 
entity, unless such exchange occurs in connection with a merger, demerger, consolidation, 
amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, spin-off or other similar event or (B), in the case 
of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 
Supplement is applicable, with respect to which the legally effective date (or, in the case of a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the date of occurrence) has occurred prior to the 
Succession Event Backstop Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign, Tokyo time)). 
"Succession Event Backstop Date" means, in the case of Securities in respect of which the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 Supplement is applicable: (i) for purposes 
of any event that constitutes a Succession Event, as determined by DC Resolution, the date 
that is 90 calendar days prior to the Succession Event Resolution Request Date (determined 
by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference 
Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)) or (ii) otherwise, the date that is 
90 calendar days prior to the earlier of (A) the date on which the Succession Event Notice is 
effective and (B) in circumstances where (I) the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in sub-paragraphs  (a) and  (b) of 
the definition of "Succession Event Resolution Request Date" are satisfied in accordance with 
the Rules, (II) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to 
determine such matters and (III) the Succession Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation 
Agent not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which ISDA publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine 
such matters, the Succession Event Resolution Request Date. The Succession Event

--- Page 523 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
523 
 
 
Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Succession Event Notice" means, in the case of Securities in respect of which the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 Supplement is applicable, an irrevocable 
notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be in writing and/or by telephone) to the Issuer 
that describes a Succession Event that occurred on or after the Succession Event Backstop 
Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the 
relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)). 
A Succession Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination, pursuant to sub-paragraphs  (a) or  (b) of the definition of 
"Successor" of (i) whether a Succession Event has occurred and (ii) if relevant, the identity of 
any Successor(s). 
"Succession Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to ISDA, 
delivered in accordance with the Rules, requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee be convened to Resolve: 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Succession Event has occurred with respect to 
the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event 
has occurred, (A) with respect to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the 
legally effective date of such event or (B) with respect to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, the date of the occurrence of such event, 
the date, as publicly announced by ISDA, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Successor" means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the entity or entities, if any, 
determined as set forth below: 
(i) 
if one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to 75 per cent. or more of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, 
that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to more than 25 per cent. (but 
less than 75 per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by 
way of a Succession Event, and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entity that succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will 
be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each directly or indirectly succeeds to more than 25 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a 
Succession Event, and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entities that succeed to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will each be a Successor, and the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the provisions of the applicable Issue 
Terms as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the relevant 
Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and shall 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each directly or indirectly succeeds to more than 25 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a

--- Page 524 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
524 
 
 
Succession Event, and more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and 
the Reference Entity will be a Successor, and the Calculation Agent shall 
adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the provisions of the 
applicable Issue Terms as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that 
the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one 
Successor and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment; 
(v) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeed to a portion of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, 
but no entity succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will 
be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as 
a result of the Succession Event; and 
(vi) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeed to a portion of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, 
but no entity succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity 
which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations (or, if two 
or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, the 
entity from among those entities which succeeds to the greatest percentage 
of obligations of the Reference Entity) will be the sole Successor; and 
(b) 
with respect to a Sovereign Reference Entity, each entity which becomes a direct or 
indirect successor to such Reference Entity by way of Succession Event irrespective 
of whether any such successor assumes any of the obligations of such Reference 
Entity, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable 
after it becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event (but not earlier than 14 calendar 
days after the date of the occurrence of the relevant Succession Event), and with effect from 
the date of the occurrence of the Succession Event, each Sovereign and/or entity (if any) that 
qualifies under paragraph  (b) above; provided that, in the case of Securities in respect of 
which the applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 Supplement is applicable, the 
Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at such time, either (A) ISDA has 
publicly announced that the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee to Resolve the matters described in  (b) above, and subparagraphs  (a) and  (b)(B) 
of the definition of Succession Event Resolution Request Date are satisfied in accordance 
with the Rules (until such time, if any, as ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine a 
Successor) or (B) ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that no event that constitutes a Succession Event 
has occurred. 
In the case of  (a) above, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event (but no 
earlier than 14 calendar days after the legally effective date of the relevant Succession 
Event), and with effect from the legally effective date of the Succession Event, whether the 
relevant thresholds set out in  (a)  (i) to  (vi) above have been met, or which entity qualifies 
under  (a)  (vi) above, as applicable; provided that, in the case of Securities in respect of which 
the applicable Issue Terms specify that the July 2009 Supplement is applicable, the 
Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at such time, either (A) ISDA has 
publicly announced that the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee to Resolve the matters described in  (a) above, and subparagraphs  (a) and  (b)(A) 
of the definition of Succession Event Resolution Request Date are satisfied in accordance 
with the Rules (until such time, if any, as ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine a 
Successor) or (B) ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives

--- Page 525 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
525 
 
 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that no event that constitutes a Succession Event 
has occurred. In calculating the percentages used to determine whether the relevant 
thresholds set out in  (a) above have been met, or which entity qualifies under  (a)  (vi) above, 
as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall use, with respect to each applicable Relevant 
Obligation included in such calculation, the amount of the liability with respect to such 
Relevant Obligation listed in the Best Available Information and shall notify the Issuer of such 
calculation. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to a 
Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), that a party 
other than such Reference Entity (1) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant 
Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations) whether by operation of law or pursuant to any 
agreement or (2) issues Bonds that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations (or, as 
applicable, obligations), and in either case such Reference Entity is no longer an obligor 
(primarily or secondarily), insurer or guarantor with respect to such Relevant Obligations (or, 
as applicable, obligations). The determinations required pursuant to paragraph  (a) above shall 
be made, in the case of an exchange offer, on the basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of Relevant Obligations tendered and accepted in the exchange and not on the basis of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of Bonds for which Relevant Obligations have been 
exchanged. 
Where: 
(A) 
a Reference Obligation with respect to a Reference Entity is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; and 
(B) 
one or more Successors to the Reference Entity have been identified; and 
(C) 
any one or more such Successors have not assumed the Reference 
Obligation, 
a Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined in accordance with the definition 
of "Substitute Reference Obligation" above. 
Where pursuant to paragraph  (a) (iii) or  (iv) above, more than one Successor has been 
identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such terms of the Conditions as it determines 
appropriate to reflect the fact that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more 
than one Successor and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation 
Agent shall be entitled but not obliged to make such adjustments in such a manner as to 
reflect the adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative transaction(s) related to or 
underlying the Securities under the provisions of the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(in the case of Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the 
July 2009 Supplement is not applicable) or the Credit Derivative Definitions (in the case of 
Securities in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the July 2009 
Supplement is applicable). Upon making such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, 
stating the adjustment to these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms and 
giving brief details of the relevant Succession Event. 
"Supranational Organisation" means any entity or organisation established by treaty or 
other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns or the Sovereign Agencies of two or 
more Sovereigns, and includes, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary 
Fund, the European Central Bank, the International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 526 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
526 
 
 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for which any credit derivative transaction(s) related to 
or underlying the Securities would be an Auction Covered Transaction. 
"Transaction Type" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the transaction type specified in 
respect of such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Asset Amount 
which, on the Physical Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent 
determines for any reason (including without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance 
system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of 
any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Consent Required Loans or Assignable 
Loans) it is impossible or illegal to Deliver on the Physical Settlement Date. 
"Valuation Date" means (a) in the case of Physically Settled Securities, the day falling two 
Business Days after the Final Delivery Date, or (b) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, if 
"Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms subject to paragraph  14 
(Settlement Suspension) above, the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms after the Credit Event Determination Date or, if the number of 
Business Days is not so specified, a Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent that is 
not less than five (5) and not more than sixty (60) Business Days after the Credit Event 
Determination Date or (c) following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Method Event in 
respect of Auction Settled Securities for which "Cash Settlement" is specified as the 
applicable Fallback Settlement Method in the applicable Issue Terms, the date that is the 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms after the Auction 
Cancellation Date, if any, the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any (as applicable) 
or the date of such other event giving rise to the Fallback Settlement Method Event or, if the 
number of Business Days is not so specified, a Business Day selected by the Calculation 
Agent that is not less than five (5) and not more than sixty (60) Business Days after the 
relevant date, and if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
each of the following dates: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph  14 (Settlement Suspension) above, (x) the date that is the 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if the number of 
Business Days is not specified, a Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent 
that is not less than five and not more than sixty Business Days after the satisfaction 
of all Conditions to Settlement or (y) following the occurrence of a Fallback 
Settlement Method Event in respect of Auction Settled Securities for which "Cash 
Settlement" is specified as the applicable Fallback Settlement Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms after the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date, if any, (as applicable) or the date of such other event 
giving rise to the Fallback Settlement Method Event or, if the number of Business 
Days is not so specified, a Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent that is not 
less than five (5) and not more than sixty (60) Business Days after the relevant date; 
and 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with 
respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the total number 
of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, Single Valuation Date shall apply.

--- Page 527 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
527 
 
 
"Valuation Method": 
(a) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms with 
only one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to the Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to the Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Highest. 
(b) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms with 
only one Reference Obligation and more than one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market 
Values determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation 
Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to any Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest 
Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation 
Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Average Highest. 
(c) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms with 
more than one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Blended Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market 
Values for each Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to the Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Blended Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest 
Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent for each Reference Obligation 
with respect to the Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Blended Highest. 
(d) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms with 
more than one Reference Obligation and more than one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Average Blended Market" means, using values with respect to each 
Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Blended Market Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the 
values so determined with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Average Blended Highest" means, using values with respect to each 
Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Blended Highest Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the 
values so determined with respect to each Valuation Date.

--- Page 528 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2003 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSIONS) 
 
 
528 
 
 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Average Blended Highest. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs  (a) to  (d) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average 
Quotations or fewer than two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market, 
Average Market, Blended Market or Average Blended Market, as the case may be. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no 
time is so specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation. 
"Voting Shares" shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power to elect the 
board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the 
extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance as large a size as available but less than the Quotation 
Amount (but, if a "Minimum Quotation Amount" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, of a 
size equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount or, if quotations of a size equal to the Minimum 
Quotation Amount are not available, quotations as near in size as practicable to the Minimum 
Quotation Amount) that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
16 
Determinations and Calculations  
All determinations and calculations made by the Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) 
pursuant to these Credit Terms (2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) shall be 
made pursuant to Warrant Condition  10, Note Condition  12 or Certificate Condition  8 (as 
applicable) and, in respect of the determination and calculation of fair market value, shall also 
be made pursuant to Warrant Condition  17, Note Condition  6(j) or Certificate Condition  3(g) 
(as applicable).

--- Page 529 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
529 
 
 
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
Interpretation 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms of the Notes, the terms and conditions 
applicable to the Credit Linked Notes shall comprise the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
under the Programme (the "Notes Conditions") and the Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions Version) set out below (the "Credit Terms"), in each case subject to completion by the 
applicable Final Terms or, in respect of Exempt Notes, completion and/or amendment by the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Notes Conditions and 
the Credit Terms, the Credit Terms shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the 
Notes Conditions and the Credit Terms and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue 
Terms shall prevail. In respect of the Notes, references in the Credit Terms to (i) "Securities" are to 
the Notes and "Exempt Securities" are to Exempt Notes, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the Noteholders, 
(iii) "General Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the Notes Conditions, (iv) "these Terms and 
Conditions" or "Conditions" are to the Notes Conditions as amended and/or supplemented by the 
Credit Terms and (v) "Relevant Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Registrar (as applicable). 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Certificates, the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Credit Linked Certificates shall comprise the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates under the Programme (the "Certificates Conditions") and the Credit 
Terms as defined above, in each case subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Certificates Conditions and the 
Credit Terms, the Credit Terms shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the 
Certificates Conditions and the Credit Terms and (ii) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement shall prevail. In respect of the Certificates, references in the Credit Terms to (i) 
"Securities" and "Exempt Securities" are to Certificates, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the holders of the 
Credit Linked Certificates, (iii) "General Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the Certificates 
Conditions, (iv) "these Terms and Conditions" or "Conditions" are to the Certificates Conditions as 
amended and/or supplemented by the Credit Terms and (v) "Relevant Agents" are to the Principal 
Certificate Agent and any other Certificate Agent (as applicable). 
In the case of Securities for which more than one Reference Entity is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, all references to "the Reference Entity" herein shall be construed to refer to the Reference 
Entity in respect of which the relevant determination falls to be made at any relevant time and all 
related provisions and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt no Securities will be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable 
(whether for mistake or otherwise), solely because: 
(i) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade 
Date; and/or 
(ii) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations, Valuation Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not 
exist on, or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
If two or more of the adjustment or delay provisions in paragraphs  3 to  6 and  13 and  14 (each 
inclusive) below may apply to the same event or circumstance the Calculation Agent may elect which 
of such provisions to apply, provided that the application by the Calculation Agent of any one of such 
provisions shall not prevent the subsequent application of any other of such provisions by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of (i) the same event or circumstance or (ii) any different event or 
circumstance that arise from time to time.

--- Page 530 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
530 
 
 
1 
Cash Settlement 
(i) 
If the Securities are not Auction Settled Securities: 
Subject to paragraph  1(iii) below, where applicable, if the Securities are Cash Settled 
Securities and if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the Issuer shall 
give notice (such notice a "Settlement Notice") to the Securityholders as soon as 
practicable in accordance with the General Conditions, and, subject to these Credit 
Terms, in particular paragraph  9 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R Restructuring) 
below, redeem all but not some only of the Securities on the Credit Event 
Redemption Date at, in respect of the Calculation Amount, the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount (which Credit Event Redemption Amount will, if "Adjustment for 
Hedging Costs" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be subject to adjustment to 
account for any Hedging Costs). 
Notwithstanding that the Securities are not Auction Settled Securities and 
notwithstanding anything else to the contrary contained herein, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that (a) an Auction has taken, or is expected to take, place in 
respect of the relevant Reference Entity to value obligations of the same seniority as 
the Reference Obligation and (b) the Auction Final Price Determination Date falls, or 
is expected to fall, on or before the sixtieth (60th) Business Day after the relevant 
Credit Event Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may elect that the Auction 
Final Price as so determined pursuant to such Auction shall be deemed to be the 
Final Price hereunder in respect of such Reference Entity, in which case, the 
definitions of Valuation Method, Valuation Date, Quotation, Quotation Method and 
Quotation Amount shall not apply in respect of such Reference Entity and/or 
Reference Obligation, and the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Conditions as it determines appropriate to reflect the change in the determination of 
the Final Price provided, however that, if the Calculation Agent has so elected but no 
appropriate Auction Final Price is determined within such time frame, the Calculation 
Agent may reverse such election and make such amendments to the Conditions as it 
determines appropriate to reflect such reversal. 
(ii) 
If the Securities are Auction Settled Securities: 
Subject to paragraph  1(iii) below, where applicable, if the Securities are Auction 
Settled Securities and a Credit Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the 
Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a 
"Settlement Notice") to the Securityholders as soon as practicable in accordance 
with the General Conditions, and, subject to these Credit Terms, in particular 
paragraph  9 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R Restructuring) below, redeem all but 
not some only of the Securities on the second Business Day following the Auction 
Settlement Date at, in respect of the Calculation Amount, the Auction Cash 
Settlement Amount (which Auction Cash Settlement Amount will, if "Adjustment for 
Hedging Costs" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, be subject to 
adjustment to account for any Hedging Costs). 
Notwithstanding the above, if a Fallback Settlement Method Event occurs: 
(A) 
if "Cash Settlement" is specified as the applicable Fallback Settlement 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms, then, notwithstanding that the 
Securities are Auction Settled Securities, these Terms and Conditions shall 
apply in respect of such Credit Event as if the Securities were Cash Settled 
Securities and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities in accordance with 
paragraph  1(i) above; and 
(B) 
if "Physical Settlement" is specified as the applicable Fallback Settlement 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms, then, notwithstanding that the 
Securities are Auction Settled Securities, these Terms and Conditions shall

--- Page 531 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
531 
 
 
apply in respect of such Credit Event as if the Securities were Physically 
Settled Securities and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities in accordance 
with paragraph  2 (Physical Settlement) below. 
If no Fallback Settlement Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Physical 
Settlement" shall be deemed to be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
applicable Fallback Settlement Method. 
(iii) 
Where the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities:  
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified 
Reference Entity: (x) the Issuer shall give a Settlement Notice to the Securityholders 
as described in paragraph  1(i) or  (ii) above, as applicable, and (y) in respect of each 
Security: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Calculation Amount, an amount equal 
to the relevant Credit Event Amount, if any, on the relevant Credit Event 
Payment Date (and such Credit Event Amount will, if "Adjustment for Hedging 
Costs" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be subject to adjustment to 
account for any Hedging Costs). The relevant Credit Event Amount will be 
deemed to be an Instalment Amount for the purposes of Notes Condition  6(f) 
and the relevant Credit Event Payment Date will be deemed to be the 
relevant Instalment Date. As of each Credit Event Determination Date, the 
outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Securities will be reduced to 
the Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount. In the case of any early 
redemption of the Securities where an Early Redemption Amount is to be 
determined pursuant to Notes Condition  6(e), the fair market value of such 
Securities must take into account, without limitation, the relevant reduction in 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Securities; 
(B) 
the interest calculation basis described in sub-paragraph  (iv) below will apply; 
(C) 
subject as provided in sub paragraph  (D) below, each Security, in respect of 
each Calculation Amount shall be redeemed by payment (i) on the Maturity 
Date (or such later date as specified in paragraphs  3,  4,  5 or  6, being the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Deferred Maturity Date, Grace Period Deferred 
Maturity Date, DC Determination Postponed Payment Date or Deferred 
Maturity Date, as applicable) of the Security's pro rata share of the Adjusted 
Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount, if any, in respect of such payment date 
and, (ii), if applicable, on the last occurring Credit Event Payment Date at the 
relevant Credit Event Amount, provided that in no event shall any such 
amount be less than zero. In relation to a Note, where the Specified 
Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the relevant redemption amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding; and 
(D) 
if at any time, a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of 
all the specified Reference Entities each Security will be redeemed (together 
with accrued interest, if any) at the final Credit Event Amount on the final 
Credit Event Payment Date and the Issuer will have no further obligations in 
respect of the Securities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, parts  (A) and  (B) of this paragraph  (iii) will apply in 
relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred and part  (C) of this paragraph  (iii) will continue to apply in relation

--- Page 532 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
532 
 
 
to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred. 
Any delay in the delivery of a Settlement Notice or failure by the Issuer to deliver a 
Settlement Notice shall not affect the validity of the Credit Event Determination Date 
in respect of the affected Reference Entity. 
(iv) 
Interest calculation for Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities: 
Where the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, each Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Security will bear interest pursuant to, and in accordance with, Note 
Condition  4, provided that for the purposes of determining the interest amounts 
payable on or after any Credit Event Determination Date, the provisions set out in 
paragraph  12 below will not apply and instead for the purposes of calculating interest 
pursuant to Note Condition  4(b)(i)(I) or  (II), each Security will be deemed to bear 
interest in respect of the whole of the relevant Interest Period on its pro rata share of 
the Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount, as of the relevant Interest Payment 
Date on which payment is due instead of its original outstanding nominal amount or 
the Calculation Amount, as applicable. Each interest amount will be payable on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or the relevant date for payment pursuant to the 
Credit Terms.  
For these purposes, and subject as provided below, "Adjusted Credit Outstanding 
Nominal Amount" means, on any Interest Payment Date or date for payment 
pursuant to the Credit Terms or any other relevant date (i) the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount minus (ii) the product of (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount and (b) a fraction 
with (x) the aggregate Reference Entity Notional Amounts of Reference Entities in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or other relevant date, as numerator and (y) the 
aggregate Reference Entity Notional Amounts of the original number of Reference 
Entities to which the Securities related, in each case as of the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Securities, as denominator. 
Where an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date is delayed pursuant to 
paragraphs  3,  4,  5 or  6, in addition to taking into account any Credit Event 
Determination Date that occurred on or prior to such original due date, the relevant 
Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount may only be calculated taking into 
account a Credit Event Determination Date for a Reference Entity in respect of which 
such delay was made and not any other Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has subsequently occurred after such original due date. Where 
the Maturity Date is delayed, the relevant amount of interest (if any) will be payable 
on the date provided in paragraphs  3,  4,  5 or  6 being the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Deferred Maturity Date, Grace Period Deferred Maturity Date, DC Determination 
Postponed Payment Date or Deferred Maturity Date, as applicable, regardless of 
whether a Credit Event Determination Date occurs but in any event no further or other 
amount shall be payable in respect of such delay.  Where an Interest Payment Date 
is delayed, the relevant amount of interest (if any) will be payable on (i) where the 
Interest Payment Date was scheduled to fall on or about the Maturity Date, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Deferred Maturity Date, Grace Period Deferred Maturity 
Date, DC Determination Postponed Payment Date or Deferred Maturity Date, as 
applicable, or (ii) otherwise, (a) if a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred, the third Business Day following the day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred, or (b) if a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred, the third Business Day following the day on 
which the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in respect of the affected Reference Entity but, in either case, no additional 
amount of interest will be payable in respect of such delay.

--- Page 533 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
533 
 
 
In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, if any Rate of Interest or Margin 
in the applicable Issue Terms is specified as a "Weighted Average Rate" then such 
Rate of Interest (where Fixed Rate Note provisions apply) or Margin (where Floating 
Rate Note provisions apply) in respect of the calculation of interest for a relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be the sum of, in respect of each Relevant Reference 
Entity, the product of (a) the Relevant Reference Entity's Reference Entity Notional 
Amount divided by the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in respect of 
each Reference Entity (i.e. all original Reference Entities regardless of whether a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred), and (b) the Relevant Rate specified 
for such Relevant Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms. For these purposes 
"Relevant Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity in respect of which no Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred (or pursuant to paragraphs  3,  4,  5 or  6 is not 
subsequently determined to have occurred) as of the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(v) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities - adjustments 
In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, if any purchase and 
cancellation of Securities occurs under Note Condition  6(g) or Certificate Condition  6 
or any further issue under Note Condition  19 or Certificate Condition  14, the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustments to the applicable Issue Terms and/or 
these Credit Terms as it determines appropriate (including Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts) to ensure the Securities continue to reflect economic intentions.  
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Securities become 
redeemable in accordance with this paragraph  1, upon payment of the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount or Auction Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) 
in respect of the Securities or each Credit Event Amount and the final 
redemption amount (if any) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the 
Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect 
thereof. The Credit Event Redemption Amount or Auction Cash Settlement 
Amount or each Credit Event Amount and the final redemption amount (if any) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities (as applicable) may be 
less than the Calculation Amount of a Security. Any shortfall shall be borne by 
the Securityholder and no liability shall attach to the Issuer.  
2 
Physical Settlement 
If the Securities are Physically Settled Securities, a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred and the Calculation Agent delivers a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice 
that is effective on or prior to the PSN Cut-off Date, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a 
"Physical Settlement Notice") to the Securityholders as soon as practicable in accordance 
with the General Conditions, and, subject to these Credit Terms, in particular paragraph  9 
(Credit Event Notice after M(M)R Restructuring) below, redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities by, in respect of each Calculation Amount, Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Asset Amount, subject to and in accordance with paragraph  7 (Procedures for 
Physical Delivery) below.  
If "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and: 
(i) 
if the Hedging Costs represent losses, expenses and costs incurred by the Issuer, 
then, the Issuer will deduct from the Asset Amount such Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as the case may be, of Deliverable Obligations 
with a Liquidated Value of not less than such Asset Amount's pro rata share of such 
Hedging Costs and the Delivery by the Issuer of such reduced Asset Amount (and the 
amount of any excess of such Liquidated Value (if any) over such Asset Amount's pro 
rata share of such Hedging Costs which will be payable by the Issuer with delivery of 
the relevant Asset Amount) shall be deemed to satisfy and discharge in full the

--- Page 534 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
534 
 
 
obligation of the Issuer to the Securityholder in respect of the relevant Asset Amount; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Hedging Costs represent a gain to the Issuer, the Securityholder will receive a 
payment from the Issuer being such Securityholder's pro rata share of such gain in 
respect of such Hedging Costs with the delivery of any Asset Amount by the Issuer. 
In the Physical Settlement Notice, the Issuer shall specify (i) each Deliverable Obligation 
comprising the Asset Amount that it reasonably expects to Deliver, (ii) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or the equivalent amount in the 
Settlement Currency (in each case the relevant "Outstanding Amount") and, if different, the 
face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation and (iii) if "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, whether any Hedging Costs representing losses, 
expenses and costs incurred by the Issuer will be accounted for in the manner described in 
paragraph  2(i) above. The aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Physical Settlement Notice that the Issuer intends to Deliver shall be the 
relevant "Aggregate Outstanding Amount".  For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to select any of the Deliverable Obligations to constitute the Asset Amount, 
irrespective of their market value. 
If "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and Restructuring is the 
only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is 
a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental 
Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Asset Amount only if it (i) is a 
Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date in each case as of each such date as the Calculation 
Agent determines relevant in the context of the Securities, which dates may include any 
relevant dates for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements (if any). 
If "Mod Mod R " is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and Restructuring is 
the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable 
Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a 
Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Asset Amount 
only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later 
than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of each 
such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant in the context of the Securities, which 
dates may include any relevant dates for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements (if any).  For 
the purposes of this paragraph only and notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a 
Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such 
final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the 
relevant Restructuring.   
The Issuer may, from time to time, amend a Physical Settlement Notice by notifying the 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions (each such notification, a 
"Physical Settlement Amendment Notice") that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, 
one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Physical Settlement Notice or a prior 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice is effective) or any relevant details thereof. A Physical Settlement Amendment Notice 
shall specify each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer reasonably expects to 
Deliver to or to the order of the Securityholders (each, a "Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation") and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation 
identified in the Physical Settlement Notice or a prior Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, 
as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the 
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount").  The Outstanding Amount of 
each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice in

--- Page 535 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
535 
 
 
aggregate with the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in the 
Physical Settlement Notice or any earlier Physical Settlement Amendment Notice which, in 
each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the Aggregate Outstanding 
Amount.  The Replacement Deliverable Obligation(s), taken together, shall have an 
aggregate Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount at least equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance(s) and/or Due and Payable Amount(s) (or the equivalent 
Currency Amount(s) of any such amount(s)) of the Deliverable Obligations being replaced. 
Each such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the 
Physical Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Issuer may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the 
Physical Settlement Notice or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, by 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions prior to the relevant 
Delivery Date; and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Issuer shall on the PSN 
Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (but in any case, prior to the 
Delivery Date), notify the Securityholders (in accordance with the General Conditions) of the 
detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer will Deliver in lieu of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Physical 
Settlement Notice or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being 
understood in each case that any such notice of correction shall not constitute a Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Securities become 
redeemable in accordance with this paragraph  2, upon Delivery of the Deliverable 
Obligations and/or payment of the Partial Cash Settlement Amount or the Auction Cash 
Settlement Amount (or any other amounts payable in accordance with paragraphs  7 
or  8 below), as the case may be, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in 
respect of the Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in 
respect thereof. The value of such Deliverable Obligations and/or the Partial Cash 
Settlement Amount or the Auction Cash Settlement Amount (or any other amounts 
payable in accordance with paragraphs  6 or  7 below), as the case may be, may be less 
than the Calculation Amount of a Security. Any shortfall shall be borne by the 
Securityholder and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
3 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Maturity Date or 
any Interest Payment Date but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been 
satisfied on or prior to the Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date or, if paragraph  6 
(Deferral of Certain Dates) below applies, the Deferred Maturity Date or the Deferred Interest 
Payment Date (each as defined in paragraph  6 below) and the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, fall after, as applicable, the Maturity Date, such Interest Payment Date, 
the Deferred Maturity Date or such Deferred Interest Payment Date, then the Calculation 
Agent may (at its option) notify the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and the maturity of the Securities 
and/or relevant interest payment will be delayed and: 
(i) 
in relation to such event as of the Maturity Date or Deferred Maturity Date, where a 
Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date: 
(a) 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount or each 
Certificate, as the case may be, will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment 
of the Relevant Final Amount on the third Business Day following the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (the "Repudiation/Moratorium 
Deferred Maturity Date"); and

--- Page 536 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
536 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes other than Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest (if any), calculated as 
provided herein, accrued up to (but excluding) the final Interest Period Date 
(which will, if Interest Period Dates are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as being the Interest Payment Dates, be the Maturity Date), but shall 
only 
be 
obliged 
to 
make 
such 
payment 
of 
interest 
on 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Deferred Maturity Date and no further or other 
amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall 
be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
has 
occurred 
on 
or 
prior 
to 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the provisions of paragraph  1 (Cash Settlement) or  2 (Physical Settlement) 
above, as applicable, and paragraph  12 (Accrual of Interest) shall apply to the 
Securities; or 
(iii) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date or Deferred Interest Payment 
Date, the Calculation Agent may delay the relevant amount of interest which would 
otherwise be payable on such Interest Payment Date or Deferred Interest Payment 
Date. In this case where (a) a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date then the relevant amount of interest 
shall be payable on the third Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date but no additional interest will be payable in respect of the relevant 
delay and for the avoidance of doubt no amendment will be made to any Interest 
Period or basis of calculation of the relevant amount of interest, other than as 
described above; (b) where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be determined and payable in 
accordance with paragraph  1(iv) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities 
or otherwise paragraph  12 and may be zero or (c) where a Repudiation/Moratorium 
has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date but a Credit 
Event Determination Date has not occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest 
will be payable on the third Business Day following the Calculation Agent's 
determination that a Credit Event Determination Date will not occur.  
4 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
provisions of this paragraph  4 shall apply. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Maturity Date or any 
Interest Payment Date but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Failure 
to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace 
Period is applicable on or prior to the Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date (and 
such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at that date), then the Calculation Agent may (at its 
option) notify the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions that a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred and that the maturity of the Securities and/or relevant interest 
payment will be delayed and: 
(i) 
in relation to such event as of the Maturity Date, where a Failure to Pay has not 
occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date: 
(a) 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount or each 
Certificate, as the case may be, will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment 
of the Relevant Final Amount on the third Business Day following the Grace 
Period Extension Date (the "Grace Period Deferred Maturity Date"); and 
(b) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes other than Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as provided

--- Page 537 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
537 
 
 
herein, accrued up to (but excluding) the final Interest Period Date (which will, 
if Interest Period Dates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being 
the Interest Payment Dates, be the Maturity Date), but shall only be obliged 
to make such payment of interest on the Grace Period Deferred Maturity 
Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable 
and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date 
and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of paragraph  1 
(Cash Settlement) or  2 (Physical Settlement) above, as applicable, and paragraph  12 
(Accrual of Interest) shall apply to the Securities; or 
(iii) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent may 
delay the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be payable on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date.  In this case where (a) a Failure to Pay has not 
occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date then the relevant amount of 
interest shall be payable on the third Business Day following the Grace Period 
Extension Date but no additional interest will be payable in respect of the relevant 
delay and for the avoidance of doubt no amendment will be made to any Interest 
Period or basis of calculation of the relevant amount of interest, other than as 
described above; (b) where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace 
Period Extension Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be determined and payable in 
accordance with paragraph  1(iv) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities 
or otherwise paragraph  12 and may be zero or (c) a Failure to Pay has occurred on or 
prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred thereafter the relevant amount of interest will be payable on the third 
Business Day following the Calculation Agent's determination that a Credit Event 
Determination Date will not occur. 
5 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Credit Event has occurred and the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made its related determination on or 
prior to the Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date then the Calculation Agent may (at its 
option) notify Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions that redemption of 
the Securities and/or payment of the relevant amount of interest due on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date has been postponed to a date (the "DC Determination Postponed Payment 
Date") being the day falling five Business Days after (a) if the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred, fifteen (15) Business 
Days following the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or (b) if the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has not occurred, the second 
Business Day following the relevant DC No Credit Event Announcement or, as applicable (c) 
fifteen (15) Business Days following the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal (the date of the 
relevant DC Credit Event Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit 
Event Dismissal, as applicable, the "DC Determination Cut-off Date"), and: 
(a) 
in the case of the Maturity Date, where a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to 
the Extension Date or a Credit Event has occurred but no Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred: 
(1) 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount or each 
Certificate, as the case may be, will be redeemed by the Issuer at the 
Relevant Final Amount on the DC Determination Postponed Payment Date; 
and 
(2) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes other than Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as provided 
herein, accrued up to (but excluding) the final Interest Period Date (which will,

--- Page 538 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
538 
 
 
if Interest Period Dates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being 
the Interest Payment Dates, be the Maturity Date) but shall only be obliged to 
make such payment of interest on the DC Determination Postponed Payment 
Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable 
and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the Extension Date and a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred, no payment shall be made on the DC 
Determination Postponed Payment Date and the provisions of paragraph  1 (Cash 
Settlement) or  2 (Physical Settlement) above, as applicable, and paragraph  12 
(Accrual of Interest) shall apply to the Securities; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent may 
delay the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be payable on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date.  In this case where (i) a Credit Event has not 
occurred on or prior to the Extension Date or a Credit Event has occurred but no 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, then the relevant amount of interest 
shall be payable on the DC Determination Postponed Payment Date but no additional 
interest will be payable in respect of the relevant delay and for the avoidance of doubt 
no amendment will be made to any Interest Period or basis of calculation of the 
relevant amount of interest, other than as described above; or (ii) where a Credit 
Event has occurred on or prior to the Extension Date and a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the relevant amount of interest will be determined 
and be payable in accordance with paragraph  1(iv) in the case of Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Securities or otherwise paragraph  12 and may be zero. 
6 
Deferral of Certain Dates 
The following provisions may, for the avoidance of doubt, be applied on more than one 
occasion. 
Without prejudice to paragraph  5 (Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension) 
above or  14 (Settlement Suspension) below, if: 
(x)  
on or prior to (A) the Maturity Date, (B) if applicable, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, (C) if applicable, the Grace Period Extension Date, or (D) the DC 
Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, a Credit Event Determination Date 
has not occurred but in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event or (in 
respect of the Maturity Date only) Potential Credit Event (other than a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium) may have occurred or may occur; or  
(y)  
on or prior to the Maturity Date, a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred 
but in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
may have occurred or may occur; or  
(z)  
(A) on or prior to any Interest Payment Date, a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred but in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event or 
Potential Credit Event (other than a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium) may have 
occurred; or (B) on any Interest Payment Date, a Credit Event Determination Date 
has not occurred but in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred or may occur,  
the Calculation Agent may (at its option) notify the Securityholders in accordance with the 
General Conditions that in the case of (x) or (y) above, redemption of the Securities and/or in 
the case of (z) above, payment of the relevant amount of interest due on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, has been postponed to a date (such date, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date, the "Deferred Interest Payment Date", or in each other case, the "Deferred Maturity 
Date") specified in such notice falling (A) 21 calendar days after, respectively, the Maturity 
Date, the relevant Interest Payment Date, the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation

--- Page 539 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
539 
 
 
Date, the Grace Period Extension Date, as the case may be or (B) the DC Determination 
Postponed Payment Date, and: 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (x) above and if a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred or, in the case of sub-paragraph (y) or (z)(B) above, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied or, in the case of sub-
paragraph (z)(A) above, a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or 
prior to the Deferred Interest Payment Date then: 
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (x) or (y) above and subject as provided below, 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount or each 
Certificate, as the case may be, will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment 
of the Relevant Final Amount on the Deferred Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (x) or (y) above and in the case of interest 
bearing Notes other than Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the Issuer 
shall be obliged to pay interest (if any) calculated as provided herein, accrued 
up to (but excluding) the final Interest Period Date (which will, if Interest 
Period Dates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being the 
Interest Payment Dates, be the Maturity Date), but shall only be obliged to 
make such payment of interest on the Deferred Maturity Date, and no further 
or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional 
amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Deferred Interest Payment Date other than the Deferred 
Interest Payment Date falling on or about the Deferred Maturity Date and 
other than in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the Issuer 
shall be obliged to pay the relevant amount of interest on the Deferred 
Interest Payment Date and no further or other amounts in respect of interest 
shall be payable as a result of such delay; or 
(ii) 
in the case of: 
(A) 
sub-paragraph (x) or sub-paragraph (z)(A) above, if a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred on or prior to the Deferred Maturity Date or 
relevant Deferred Interest Payment Date, no payment shall be made on the 
Deferred Maturity Date or Deferred Interest Payment Date and the provisions 
of paragraph  1 (Cash Settlement) or  2 (Physical Settlement) above, as 
applicable, and  12 (Accrual of Interest) shall apply to the Securities and, in 
the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the provisions of 
paragraph  1(iv) will apply; and 
(B) 
sub-paragraph 
(y) 
or 
subparagraph 
(z)(B) 
above, 
if 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied on or prior to the 
Deferred Maturity Date or Deferred Interest Payment Date, as applicable, the 
provisions of paragraph  3 (Repudiation/Moratorium Extension) above shall 
apply to the Securities and, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, the provisions of paragraph  1(iv) will apply. 
7 
Procedures for Physical Delivery 
If any Credit Linked Securities are to be redeemed by delivery of the Asset Amount, either (i) 
any such Asset Amount shall be delivered to the Securityholders through the relevant 
Clearing System(s) without an Asset Transfer Notice being required, subject (where 
applicable) to certification that the relevant Securityholder is either (a) not a U.S. person or a 
person within the United States or (b) in certain circumstances, a QIB, or (ii) if the Calculation 
Agent determines that such Asset Amount cannot be delivered through the relevant Clearing 
System(s), prior to the Cut-off Date the Calculation Agent shall notify the Securityholders of 
such fact in accordance with the General Conditions and shall specify the delivery details

--- Page 540 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
540 
 
 
required for such delivery and, following such notification, in order to obtain delivery of the 
Asset Amount in respect of any Security: 
(i) 
if such Security is represented by a Global W&C Security (in the case of a Certificate) 
or a Global Note (in the case of a Note) (each a "Global Security"), the relevant 
Securityholder must deliver to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), 
with a copy to the Issuer and not later than the close of business in each place of 
reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice; or 
(ii) 
if such Security is a Note in definitive form, the relevant Securityholder must deliver (i) 
if this Security is a Bearer Note, to any Paying Agent or (ii) if this is a Registered 
Note, to the Registrar or any Paying Agent, in each case with a copy to the Issuer 
and not later than the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off 
Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
Forms of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from the 
specified office of any Relevant Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Security is represented by a Global 
Security, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, which is expected to be by authenticated SWIFT message or tested telex or (ii) 
if such Security is in definitive form, in writing or by tested telex. 
If the Security is in definitive form, the Security must be delivered together with the duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
An Asset Transfer Notice must: 
(1) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the details required 
for the delivery of the Asset Amount; 
(2) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, specify the nominal 
amount of Notes or the number of Certificates, as the case may be, which are the 
subject of such notice and the number of the Securityholder's account at Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Securities 
and irrevocably instruct and authorise Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account with such Securities on or 
before the Physical Settlement Date; 
(3) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of Securities 
represented by a Global Security, an authority to debit a specified account of the 
Securityholder at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in 
respect thereof and to pay such Delivery Expenses; 
(4) 
specify an account to which any amounts payable pursuant to paragraph  8 (Partial 
Cash Settlement) or any other cash amounts specified in these Terms and Conditions 
as being payable are to be paid; and 
(5) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or a Relevant Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of an 
Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Securities which are 
the subject of such notice. 
In the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, upon receipt of an Asset Transfer 
Notice, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the

--- Page 541 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
541 
 
 
person specified therein as the Securityholder is the holder of the specified nominal amount of 
Notes or the number of Certificates, as the case, may be, according to its records. 
Failure to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice properly may result in such notice 
being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been 
properly completed and delivered as provided in these Terms and Conditions shall be made, 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, after consultation with the Issuer and shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Securityholder and, in the case of Securities in 
definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, after 
consultation with the Issuer, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
relevant Securityholder. 
Delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of each Security shall be made at the risk of the 
relevant Securityholder through the relevant Clearing System(s) as specified above or in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall notify to the Securityholders as described above. All 
Delivery Expenses arising from the delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of such Security 
shall be for the account of the relevant Securityholder and no delivery of the Asset Amount 
shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by 
the relevant Securityholder. The Issuer shall not be obliged to make or procure any delivery if 
to do so would breach any applicable securities or other laws. 
After delivery of the Asset Amount and for the Intervening Period, none of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent and any other person shall at any time (i) be under any obligation to deliver 
or procure delivery to any Securityholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other 
document or, except as provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in 
respect of such securities or obligations comprising the Asset Amount, (ii) be under any 
obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to such securities or 
obligations, or (iii) be under any liability to a Securityholder in respect of any loss or damage 
which such Securityholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of 
that person not being registered during such Intervening Period as legal owner of such 
securities or obligations. 
In relation to each Deliverable Obligation constituting the Asset Amount, the Issuer will, 
subject to paragraph  14 (Settlement Suspension) below, Deliver or procure the Delivery of the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation as provided below on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date, 
provided that if all or some of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Asset Amount are (a) 
Undeliverable Obligations and/or Hedge Disruption Obligations, then the Issuer shall continue 
to attempt to Deliver all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, until the date that is 30 calendar days after the Physical 
Settlement Date (in respect of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, the "Final Delivery Date"), or (b) Undeliverable Loan 
Obligations or Unassignable Obligations, then the Issuer shall continue to attempt to Deliver 
all or a portion of such Undeliverable Loan Obligations or Unassignable Obligations, as the 
case may be, until the date that is 15 Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date (in 
respect of such Undeliverable Loan Obligations or Unassignable Obligations, the "Final 
Delivery Date"), 
provided further that: 
(i) 
if all or a portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Asset Amount that are 
Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, (but 
subject to paragraph  (ii) below in the case of Assignable Loans or Consent Required 
Loans) are not Delivered by the Final Delivery Date, the provisions of paragraph  8 (i) 
shall apply; or 
(ii) 
if all or a portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Asset Amount consist 
of Assignable Loans or Consent Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any

--- Page 542 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
542 
 
 
requisite consents, are not capable of being Delivered by the Final Delivery Date, the 
provisions of paragraph  8 (ii) shall apply. 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein on or prior to the 
Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will, subject as provided 
above, deliver the Deliverable Obligations constituting the Asset Amount in respect of the 
relevant Securities as soon as practicable after the receipt of the duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice, provided that if, in respect of a Security, a Securityholder fails to give an 
Asset Transfer Notice prior to the day falling 45 days after the Cut-Off Date, the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of such Securities shall be discharged and the Issuer shall have no 
liability in respect thereof. 
Notwithstanding that the Securities are not Auction Settled Securities and notwithstanding 
anything set out in paragraph  2 (Physical Settlement) above or the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph  7, if on or before the Physical Settlement Date the Calculation Agent determines 
that an Auction (in respect of the Reference Entity to which the Credit Event Notice relates) 
may take place on or before the sixtieth (60th) Business Day after the relevant Credit Event 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to 
postpone the Physical Settlement Date to any date determined by the Calculation Agent 
within the period of up to, and including, the date falling 60 Business Days after the Credit 
Event Determination Date. The Calculation Agent shall give notice of such election (such 
notice, an "Auction Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with the General 
Conditions. If an Auction Notice has been given to the Securityholders and the Calculation 
Agent determines that (a) an Auction has taken, or is expected to take, place in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity to value obligations of the same seniority as the Deliverable 
Obligations and (b) the date on which the Auction Final Price is, or is expected to be, 
determined pursuant to such Auction falls on or before the sixtieth (60th) Business Day after 
the Credit Event Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may further elect in its discretion 
that the Issuer redeems each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount or 
each Certificate, as the case may be, either (1) by payment of the Auction Cash Settlement 
Amount on the second Business Day following the Auction Settlement Date in lieu of 
Delivering the relevant Deliverable Obligations (as specified in the Physical Settlement Notice 
or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice) or (2) by Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Asset Amount (as specified in the Physical Settlement Notice or Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice), in either case on the postponed Physical Settlement Date. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice of such election to the Securityholders as soon as 
possible in accordance with the General Conditions. 
8 
Partial Cash Settlement 
(i) 
If all or a portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Asset Amount that are 
Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations are not Delivered by the 
Final Delivery Date (other than in respect of Assignable Loans or Consent Required 
Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not capable of being 
Delivered on that day), the Issuer shall give notice (a "Partial Cash Settlement 
Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions and the 
Issuer shall pay, in respect of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, the Partial Cash Settlement Amount (adjusted to take 
account fully for any Hedging Costs, if "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms) on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
In the Partial Cash Settlement Notice, the Issuer must give details of why it is unable 
to deliver the relevant Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as 
the case may be. 
(ii) 
If: 
(a) 
"Partial Cash Settlement of Consent Required Loans" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and all or a portion of the

--- Page 543 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
543 
 
 
Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount consist of Consent 
Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not 
capable of being Delivered by the Final Delivery Date (each such Deliverable 
Obligation being an "Undeliverable Loan Obligation"); or 
(b) 
"Partial Cash Settlement of Assignable Loans" is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms and all or a portion of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Asset Amount consist of Assignable Loans that, due to the 
non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not capable of being Delivered by 
the Final Delivery Date (each such Deliverable Obligation being an 
"Unassignable Obligation"), 
the Issuer shall give notice (a "Partial Cash Settlement Notice") to the 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions and the Issuer shall pay, 
in respect of each Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation, the 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount (adjusted to take account fully for any Hedging 
Costs, if "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither "Partial Cash Settlement of Consent Required 
Loans" nor "Partial Cash Settlement of Assignable Loans" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and all of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Asset Amount consist of Undeliverable Loan Obligations or Unassignable 
Obligations, as the case may be, then the Issuer shall have no further obligation to 
Deliver any Asset Amount or pay any Partial Cash Settlement Amount in respect of 
the Securities. 
(iii) 
If all or any part of the Asset Amount to be Delivered to a Securityholder is not a 
whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Deliverable 
Obligation at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer will Deliver and such Securityholder will only be entitled to receive the 
portion of the Asset Amount specified by the Calculation Agent which is closest to but 
less than the full Asset Amount, after consideration of such smallest unit or units of 
transfer (such portion of the Asset Amount that is not so Delivered, a "Delivery 
Shortfall"), and the Issuer will pay to such Securityholder in the Settlement Currency 
at the same time as such Delivery an amount in cash equal to the fair market value (if 
any) of such Delivery Shortfall, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt 
Securities, for the purposes of this paragraph  8 the following terms are deemed to have the 
following meanings: 
"Indicative Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably 
practicable) an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the 
case may be), Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation equal to the 
Quotation Amount, which reflects such Quotation Dealer's reasonable assessment of the 
price of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation based on such factors as such 
Quotation Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery 
rates. Indicative Quotations shall be applicable only in the event that the provisions of this 
paragraph  8 are applicable; 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation 
on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean 
of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest 
values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, 
then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (ii) if exactly three

--- Page 544 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
544 
 
 
Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotations remaining after disregarding the highest and 
lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest 
value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be 
disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average 
Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if Indicative Quotations are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and exactly three Indicative Quotations 
are obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest 
Indicative Quotations (and if more than one such Indicative Quotations have the same highest 
or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Indicative Quotations shall be 
disregarded); (vi) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average 
Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative 
Quotations are obtained) then, subject to paragraph  (ii) of the definition of "Quotation" below, 
an amount as determined by the Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which two or 
more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation or, if applicable, three Indicative 
Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if the Quotations are deemed to be zero, the Market Value 
shall be zero.  
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" is deemed to be, for each Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan Obligation or 
Unassignable Obligation, the aggregate of the greater of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount or Currency Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation or Unassignable Obligation multiplied by the Final Price with respect to each 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable 
Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation and (ii) zero, provided that where the relevant 
Undeliverable Obligation, Hedge Disruption Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation or 
Unassignable Obligation, as the case may be, forms part of the Asset Package and the 
Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that a Final Price cannot reasonably be 
determined in respect of such Undeliverable Obligation, Hedge Disruption Obligation, 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation, then the Partial Cash Settlement 
Amount will be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in its discretion equal to the fair 
market value (determined at such time and by reference to such sources as the Calculation 
Agent considers appropriate and which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be zero) of the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Hedge Disruption Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation or Unassignable Obligation, as the case may be, less Hedging Costs; 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" is deemed to be the date falling three Business Days after 
the calculation of the Final Price; 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative 
Quotations are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, each Indicative 
Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation, as the case 
may be, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three 
Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if 
necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following 
the relevant Valuation Date), the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full 
Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers, and, if two or more Full Quotations 
are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If two or more such Full Quotations 
or a Weighted Average Quotation are not available on any such Business Day and 
Indicative Quotations are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations from five or more 
Quotation Dealers.

--- Page 545 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
545 
 
 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, three Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day on or 
prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in 
the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations 
(as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation, 
whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. All 
Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this determination. 
"Quotation Amount" is deemed to be, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation or Unassignable Obligation an amount equal to at least the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates in 
effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable 
Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation. For the purposes of this paragraph  8, there shall 
be deemed to be no Minimum Quotation Amount; 
"Quotation Method" is deemed to be Bid; 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Highest unless fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained or a Weighted Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), in 
which case, "Valuation Method" is deemed to be Market;  
"Valuation Obligation" is deemed to be each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation; 
"Valuation Time" is deemed to be 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable 
Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation; and 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligation (as the case may be), Undeliverable Loan Obligation or 
Unassignable Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount that in the 
aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
9 
Credit Event Notice after M(M)R Restructuring 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, upon the occurrence 
of an M(M)R Restructuring: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such 
M(M)R Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount to which 
such Restructuring Credit Event applies (the "Partial Redemption Amount") that 
may be less than the nominal amount outstanding of each Security or, in the case of 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such 
circumstances the provisions of the Credit Terms shall be deemed to apply to the 
Partial Redemption Amount only and each such Security shall be redeemed in part 
(such redeemed part being equal to the Partial Redemption Amount) and where 
applicable, references in the Credit Terms to "the Calculation Amount" or, in the case 
of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, any reduction of the relevant Reference

--- Page 546 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
546 
 
 
Entity Notional Amount, shall be interpreted to mean "the Partial Redemption 
Amount" accordingly. 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) only the nominal amount of each such Security not so 
redeemed in part shall remain outstanding, the Final Redemption Amount (or 
Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount in the case of Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Securities) and any other relevant provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
shall be amended in such manner as the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate to reflect such partial redemption and (in relation to Notes only) interest (if 
any) shall continue to accrue on the nominal amount outstanding of such Security as 
provided in Condition  4 (Interest) of the Notes Conditions (adjusted in such manner 
as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be 
appropriate) and (B) the provisions of the Credit Terms shall apply to such nominal 
amount outstanding of such Security in the event that subsequent Credit Event 
Notices are delivered in respect of the Reference Entity that was the subject of the 
Restructuring Credit Event and (C) if, following a Restructuring Credit Event, different 
Credit Event Determination Dates have been determined with respect to different 
portions of amounts payable or deliverable to Securityholders under the relevant 
Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) determine such adjustment(s) to these Terms 
and Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same 
economic effect as if each such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or 
account for the effect of the above provisions of this paragraph and (y) the effective 
date of such adjustment(s). 
(iii) 
If the provisions of this paragraph  9 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R Restructuring) 
apply in respect of the Securities, on redemption of part of each such Security, the 
relevant Security or, if the Securities are represented by a Global Security, such 
Global Security, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
(iv) 
In addition, in the case of First to Default Credit Linked Notes, once a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred in respect of the First Reference Entity, where the 
Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may be 
delivered in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
For the purposes of this paragraph  9 (Credit Event Notice after M(M)R Restructuring) and, for 
the purposes of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date set out in paragraph  20 
(Definitions) below, references to the nominal amount outstanding of each Security shall be 
deemed to be a reference to the amount of the Calculation Amount of each Certificate 
outstanding from time to time. 
10 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
If "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Restructuring" and related 
provisions, the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described 
in sub-paragraphs  (a) to  (e) of the definition of "Restructuring" shall not be a Restructuring 
unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation, where 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not 
Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to 
sixty-six and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring 
Credit Event, provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the 
requirements in sub-paragraph (ii) above. 
11 
Redemption 
In respect of Securities that are Notes only, notwithstanding the provisions of the General 
Conditions, for the purpose of Condition  6(b) and Condition  9 in the Notes Conditions, the

--- Page 547 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
547 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of the Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount will be determined by reference to the provisions in Condition  6(e) of the 
Notes Conditions, provided that if "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Early Redemption Amount will be adjusted to take account of 
any Hedging Costs. 
12 
Accrual of Interest 
In respect of Securities that are Notes only, notwithstanding the provisions of the General 
Conditions but subject to paragraphs  1,  3,  4,  5 and  6 above, if: 
(i) 
"No Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, no amount of interest will be payable in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date (and accordingly will be deemed not to have accrued) if the relevant 
interest payment (as the same may be deferred) has not become due and payable on 
or prior to the Credit Event Determination Date. Accordingly, if the Credit Event 
Determination Date falls prior to the first Interest Period Date, no interest shall accrue 
on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
"Partial Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, each Note shall continue to bear interest up to (but 
excluding) the Credit Event Determination Date but shall cease to bear interest from 
(and including) the Credit Event Determination Date and such accrued interest shall 
be paid on the second Business Day following the Auction Settlement Date or on the 
Credit Event Redemption Date (as the case may be) or on or prior to the Scheduled 
Physical Settlement Date.  
13 
Force Majeure and Merger Event 
If "Force Majeure Events" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
provisions in this paragraph  13 shall apply and will continue to apply notwithstanding the 
occurrence of any Credit Event Determination Date for so long as the Securities are 
outstanding.  For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this paragraph  13 shall apply 
without limitation in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities. 
(i) 
Notice of Force Majeure Event 
The Issuer shall have the right to give notice in accordance with the General 
Conditions at any time to the Securityholders if it determines that any of the following 
events (each a "Force Majeure Event") has occurred: 
(a) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities has become 
unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance by the Issuer with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority (as defined 
below) or otherwise; 
(b) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities is prevented 
or materially hindered or delayed due to either (1) any act, law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, interpretation, directive, decree or material 
legislative or administrative interference of any Government Authority or 
otherwise, or (2) the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, 
political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration 
and/or protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other 
causes or impediments beyond the Issuer's control; 
(c) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer or any of its 
Affiliates, or the Issuer or any of its Affiliates are otherwise unable, (1) to 
convert the relevant currency (the "Local Currency") in which the relevant

--- Page 548 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
548 
 
 
Valuation Obligation or traded instruments or any options or futures contracts 
or other hedging assets or arrangements in relation to the Reference Entity 
(for the purposes of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities) are 
denominated or settled, into the Specified Currency or exchange or repatriate 
any funds in the Local Currency or the Specified Currency outside of the 
country in which the relevant Valuation Obligation or any options or futures 
contracts in relation to the Valuation Obligation are traded due to the 
adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order, directive or decree of any Government Authority or otherwise, or (2) to 
determine a rate or (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) a 
commercially reasonable rate at which the Local Currency can be exchanged 
for the Specified Currency for payment under the Securities; 
(d) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer or any of its 
relevant Affiliates to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue to 
do so in the future) in the Valuation Obligation or any options or futures 
contracts in relation to the Valuation Obligation in order for the Issuer to 
perform its obligations under the Securities or in respect of any relevant 
Hedging Arrangements or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent) be materially increased;  
(e) 
it is not reasonably practicable for the Issuer to settle the Securities pursuant 
to these Credit Terms following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date due directly or indirectly to there being no Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or no Deliverable Obligation(s) in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity; or 
(f) 
any other event beyond the control of the Issuer has occurred which makes it 
impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Securities or to hedge effectively its obligations under the 
Securities or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) be materially increased. 
(ii) 
Issuer's Option following a Force Majeure Event 
If the Issuer decides to give notice to Securityholders of the occurrence of a Force 
Majeure Event pursuant to this paragraph  13, it shall state in such notice whether the 
Securities will be terminated pursuant to paragraph  13 (iii) or whether the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities will be suspended pursuant to paragraph  13 (iv) and, 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, whether such consequence 
should apply in whole or in part in relation to the Securities. The notice may also state 
any adjustments the Issuer deems necessary in its discretion to make to the 
Securities to give effect to any such consequence. If the Issuer elects to give notice to 
Securityholders of a suspension of its obligations under the Securities pursuant to 
paragraph  13 (iv), the Issuer shall nevertheless retain the right at all times to terminate 
the Securities pursuant to paragraph  13 (iii) by giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with the General Conditions. 
(iii) 
Termination 
Upon the Issuer's election to terminate the Securities as aforesaid in whole or in part, 
the Issuer will, in respect of each and every Security cause to be paid to the 
Securityholder an amount determined to be the fair market value of the Security (or 
part thereof) as at termination (which may be zero) taking into consideration all 
information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including the circumstances 
that resulted in the occurrence of the Force Majeure Event) less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding the Hedging Arrangements in whole or in part (if any) 
(including but not limited to selling or otherwise realising the Valuation 
Obligation/Obligations or any options or futures contracts in relation to the Valuation

--- Page 549 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
549 
 
 
Obligation/Obligations or any other such property), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. At the election of the Issuer, such payment may be made in the 
Local Currency in the Relevant Jurisdiction, in which case the Securityholder will 
have responsibility for establishing an account in the Relevant Jurisdiction in order to 
receive such payments; provided that if it is impracticable, illegal or impossible for the 
Issuer to pay such amount in the Relevant Jurisdiction or the relevant Securityholder 
does not establish the necessary account in the Relevant Jurisdiction to receive 
payment(s) in the currency the Issuer elects, the Issuer shall not be obliged to make 
payment of any such amounts so affected, as applicable. Payment will be made, as 
the case may be, in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with the General Conditions including, if required, in an alternative 
currency. 
(iv) 
Suspension 
Upon the Issuer's election to suspend the Securities or provisions in respect of part 
thereof, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities may be suspended up 
until the tenth day after such Force Majeure Event shall cease to exist. 
(v) 
Loss 
No Securityholder will be entitled to any compensation from the Issuer for any loss 
suffered as a result of the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event. 
(vi) 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If "Merger Event" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, in the event that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, and 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay in respect of each nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount or each Certificate, as the case 
may be, the fair market value of such Calculation Amount or Certificate (as relevant) 
at termination as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all 
information it determines relevant less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any Hedging Arrangements.  The Issuer will notify the timing of such early 
redemption to Securityholders. 
For the purposes of this paragraph  13: 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government; any province or 
other political subdivision thereof; any body, agency or ministry; any taxing, monetary, 
foreign exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality; and any 
other entity exercising; executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative 
functions of or pertaining to government. 
For these purposes, "Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from 
(and including) the Trade Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date either (A) the 
Issuer or a Reference Entity (any such entity, the "Mergor") consolidates or 
amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
(i) where the Mergor is the Issuer, a Reference Entity or (ii) where the Mergor is a 
Reference Entity, the Issuer, or (B) the Issuer and a Reference Entity become 
Affiliates.  
"Relevant Jurisdiction" has the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and if it is not specified, it will mean any jurisdiction determined by the Calculation 
Agent as having a connection with the Local Currency and/or Hedging Arrangements 
(if any).

--- Page 550 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
550 
 
 
14 
Settlement Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date but prior to (x) the Physical 
Settlement Date or Auction Settlement Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date or 
(y) in the case of Fixed Recovery Credit Linked Securities, the relevant Cut-Off Date, there is 
a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, the Calculation Agent may, at its option, 
determine that the applicable timing requirements of the Credit Terms and the definitions of 
Credit Event Redemption Date, Valuation Date, Settlement Notice, Physical Settlement 
Notice, Physical Settlement Period, and any other provision of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Issue Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and be 
suspended and remain suspended (such period, a "Suspension Period") until the date of the 
relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal. During such 
suspension period none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Securityholder are obliged 
to, nor are they entitled to, take any action in connection with the settlement of the Securities. 
Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal 
has occurred, the relevant timing requirements of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the 
Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the Issuer 
having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began in 
accordance with this paragraph  14. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may (x) make such 
consequential or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the General 
Conditions or these Terms and Conditions as may be desirable or required either during or 
following any Suspension Period to account for or reflect such suspension and (y) determine 
the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s).  
15 
Additional Provisions taken from ISDA Supplements 
(i) 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entities (September 2014)" 
If this paragraph  15(i) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following provisions will apply: 
(a) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph  (a) of the definition of 
"Obligation" in paragraph  20 and paragraph  (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" in paragraph  20 are hereby amended by adding "or 
Qualifying Policy" after "as provider of a Relevant Guarantee". 
(b) 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, paragraph  (B) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" in paragraph  20 will apply, with references to the 
Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor 
deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the 
Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(I) 
the Obligation Category "Borrowed Money" and the Obligation 
Category and Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be 
deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured Instrument 
in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed 
to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and 
"obligor" as used in these Terms and Conditions in respect of such 
an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(II) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent 
Required Loan" to the "guarantor" and "guaranteeing" shall be 
deemed to include the "insurer" and "insuring", respectively;

--- Page 551 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
551 
 
 
(III) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy 
on the relevant date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of 
"Accelerated or Matured", whether or not that characteristic is 
otherwise specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(IV) 
if the "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan 
Participation" or "Transferable" Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and if the benefit of the 
"Qualifying Policy" is not transferred as part of any transfer of the 
Insured Instrument, the "Qualifying Policy" must be transferable at 
least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument;  
(V) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as 
such term is used in the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which the "Qualifying 
Policy" guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; and 
(VI) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only 
the Qualifying Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the 
"Not 
Subordinated" 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
or 
Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, if applicable. 
(c) 
Outstanding Principal Balance. References in paragraph  (a) of the definition 
of "Outstanding Principal Balance" to a Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation 
and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, 
the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor respectively. Any provisions 
of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured 
Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to 
a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments 
owing under such Insured Instruments shall be disregarded for the purposes 
of paragraph  (b)(ii) of the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" 
provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by 
the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, 
as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be 
made absent any such limitation or reduction.   
(d) 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in paragraph  20, 
"Deliver" with respect to an obligation that is a "Qualifying Policy" means to 
Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the "Qualifying Policy" 
(or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian 
representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related 
"Qualifying Policy"), and "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed 
accordingly. 
(e) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor. Paragraph  (a), the paragraph 
commencing "If two or more entities…" and the paragraph commencing "For 
the purposes of this definition of "Successor"...", in each case in the definition 
of "Successor" in paragraph  20 are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying 
Policy" after each occurrence of " a Relevant Guarantee". Such paragraph 
commencing "If two or more entities…" will be further amended by adding "or 
provider of a Qualifying Policy" after "as guarantor or guarantors". 
(f) 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation 
and Substitution Event. The definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation", paragraph  (c) (i) of the definition of "Substitute Reference 
Obligation" and paragraph  (b) (ii) of "Substitution Event" are hereby amended 
by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee".

--- Page 552 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
552 
 
 
(g) 
Restructuring 
(I) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying 
Policy with respect thereto, paragraphs  (a) to  (e) inclusive of the 
definition of "Restructuring" in paragraph  20 are hereby amended to 
read as follows: 
"(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments 
in paragraph (A)(x) of the definition thereof that are 
guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying Policy" (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments 
described in paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof that are 
guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying Policy" (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either 
(x) the payment or accrual of the Instrument Payments 
described in paragraph (A)(x) of the definition thereof or (y) 
the payment of the Instrument Payments described in 
paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof, in each case that 
are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying Policy"; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any 
Obligation under a Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument 
Payments, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to 
any other Obligation or (y) any Instrument Payments, 
causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument to any 
other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured 
Obligor, it being understood that, for this purpose, 
Subordination will be deemed to include any such change 
that results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments 
provision applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument 
Payments that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying 
Policy" to any currency other than the lawful currency of 
Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the United 
States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of 
the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and 
replaces the euro in whole)." 
(II) 
Paragraph  (D) of the definition of "Restructuring" in paragraph  20 is 
hereby amended by adding "or, in the case of a Qualifying Policy and 
an Insured Instrument, where (A) the "Qualifying Policy" continues to 
guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument 
Payments will be made on the same dates on which the "Qualifying 
Policy" guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would 
be made prior to such event and (B) such event is not a change in 
the ranking in the priority of payment of the "Qualifying Policy" at the 
end thereof. 
(III) 
The definition of "Restructuring" in paragraph  20 is hereby amended 
by the insertion of the following paragraph after the final paragraph 
thereof:

--- Page 553 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
553 
 
 
"For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" in and if 
paragraph  (i) is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, 
for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions the term "Obligation" 
shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy.  In the 
case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to 
the Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall be 
deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor and the references to the 
Reference Entity in paragraphs  (a) to  (e) inclusive in this definition of 
"Restructuring" shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity." 
(h) 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation.  In 
the event that M(M)R Restructuring is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must 
meet the requirements of the relevant definition.  References in the definition 
of 
"Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation" 
to 
the 
"guarantor" 
and 
"guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include "the "insurer" and "insuring" 
respectively.  With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity 
date", as such term is used in paragraph  2 (Physical Settlement) and the 
definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date", shall mean the specified 
date by which the "Qualifying Policy" guarantees or insures, as applicable, 
that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(i) 
Other Provisions. For purposes of the definitions of "Prohibited Action", 
"Credit Event" and "Deliver" in paragraph  20 references to the "Underlying 
Obligation" and the "Underlying Obligor" shall be deemed to include "Insured 
Instruments" and the "Insured Obligor", respectively. 
(j) 
Additional Definitions. 
(I) 
"Qualifying Policy" means a financial guaranty insurance policy or 
similar financial guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity 
irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments of an 
instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth in 
this paragraph  (i)) (the "Insured Instrument") for which another party 
(including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the 
"Insured Obligor").  Qualifying Policies shall exclude any 
arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or 
equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express 
contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than the payment 
of Instrument Payments). 
(II) 
"Instrument Payments" means (A) in the case of any Insured 
Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic distributions in 
respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or 
prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a 
specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, 
the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both 
(A) and (B) (1) determined without regard to limited recourse or 
reduction provisions of the type described in paragraph  (c) above 
and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax 
gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and

--- Page 554 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
554 
 
 
other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the 
"Qualifying Policy"). 
(III) 
"Certificate Balance" means, in the case of an Insured Instrument 
that is in the form of a pass through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or 
similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
(ii) 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" (published on 8 December 2017)  
If this paragraph  15(ii) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of a Reference Entity, the following provisions will apply to the Reference 
Entity: 
(a) 
The definition of "Reference Obligation" in paragraph  20 (Definitions) is 
amended by the insertion of the following language after the words "if any" in 
the first line of such definition: 
"provided that, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-
Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is 
specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall be 
deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-
Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is 
specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has 
previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no 
Reference Obligation applicable to the Credit Linked Securities and such 
previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference 
Obligation of the Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior 
Reference Obligation". 
(b) 
The definition of "Seniority Level" in paragraph  20 (Definitions) shall be 
deleted and replaced with the following: 
"Seniority Level" means with respect to an obligation of the Reference 
Entity, Senior Non-Preferred Level. 
(c) 
"Subordination" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in paragraph 
(c)(A)(2)(ii) under the definition of "Obligation" in paragraph  20 (Definitions) 
and such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation without 
regard to how the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, including any characterisation of the Obligation as senior or 
unsubordinated by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction.  
(d) 
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
"Senior Non-Preferred Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference 
Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
Obligations of the Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which 
would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which would 
so rank if any Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity 
existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated 
Obligation as defined in paragraph 20 (Definitions) for the purposes of the 
Credit Terms and it shall be deemed that there is a relevant Reference 
Obligation which is a Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of the

--- Page 555 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
555 
 
 
definitions of "Excluded Obligation" and "Relevant Obligation" in paragraph 
20 (Definitions); 
"Traditional Subordinated Obligation" means (i) Tier 2 Subordinated 
Obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the Reference 
Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of 
the Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto 
described in (i) and (ii) above shall each (without limitation) constitute 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations in respect of a Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a Further 
Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of paragraph  20 (Definitions); and 
"Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference 
Entity which meets the conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as such 
Article may be amended or replaced from time to time (the "CRR") or which 
are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance 
with the CRR. 
(e) 
A Senior Non-preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated Obligation. 
(iii) 
Provisions taken from the ISDA Supplement titled "2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Supplement" (published on 15 July 2019) 
If this paragraph 15(iii) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following provisions will apply: 
(a) 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in paragraph  20 is hereby 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means the outstanding principal balance 
of an obligation which will be calculated as follows: 
(I) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the 
Reference Entity's principal payment obligations and, where 
applicable in accordance with the definition of Accrued Interest 
above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid 
interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined 
as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(II) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, 
pursuant to the terms of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited 
Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of 
time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in accordance with paragraph 
(I) above) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (II), the "Non Contingent Amount"); and 
(III) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then 
constitute the Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined:

--- Page 556 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
556 
 
 
(1) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the 
obligation in effect on either (A) the relevant PSN Effective Date (or if 
the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or 
prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date) or (B) the relevant 
Valuation Date; and 
(2) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with 
any applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size 
of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the 
obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (2) above, "applicable laws" shall include any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights to which 
the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then notwithstanding the above, if (I) the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under paragraph (2) 
above, (II) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than 
ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the 
amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal repayment 
amount, and (III) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to 
the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early 
redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the 
applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-
Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line 
interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced 
under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment 
amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the 
amount advanced under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent. of the 
principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) 
or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange 
offer, the issue price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan 
resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) 
that were tendered or exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s) ") at 
the time of such exchange (determined without regard to market or 
trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt 
obligation previously issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or 
Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount 
advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one 
obligation in exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent 
will determine the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations for the 
purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant 
Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, 
maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that 
resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee or, if none, as determined by the

--- Page 557 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
557 
 
 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion in such manner and by 
reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate.". 
(b) 
Failure to Pay 
The definition of "Failure to Pay" in paragraph  20 is hereby deleted in its 
entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period 
(after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of 
such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and 
where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the 
terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure provided that, if an 
occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a 
redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion 
existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be 
deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself 
constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion) at the time of such redenomination. If "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such 
failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity. In the event that the Calculation Agent makes any such determination, 
it may take into account the guidance note set out in paragraph 3 
(Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (published on 15 
July 2019).". 
16 
Calculation Agent Notices, certain provisions relating to timing and payment timing 
and non-exclusive use of certain provisions hereof  
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions may be given in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone.  
Any such notice will be effective when given, regardless of the form in which it is delivered.  A 
notice given by telephone will be deemed to have been delivered at the time the telephone 
conversation takes place.  If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written confirmation will be 
executed and delivered confirming the substance of that notice within one Business Day of 
that notice.  Failure to provide that written confirmation will not affect the effectiveness of that 
telephonic notice. 
For the purposes of determining the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these 
Terms and Conditions, the Calculation Agent will determine the demarcation of days by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Calculation Agent determines the Reference 
Entity has a material connection to any jurisdiction for these purposes, local time of the 
relevant jurisdiction) irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred.  Any event 
occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
In addition, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case 
may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment 
shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Entity has a material connection to any 
jurisdiction for these purposes, local time of the relevant jurisdiction), irrespective of the time 
zone of its place of payment.

--- Page 558 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
558 
 
 
The application of any of paragraph  3,  4,  5,  6 or  14 above shall, for the avoidance of doubt, 
not preclude the application of any other such paragraph either contemporaneously or 
subsequently and in the event that any such paragraphs are inconsistent or the Calculation 
Agent becomes entitled to exercise a discretion under one or more of such paragraphs, the 
Calculation Agent may elect in its discretion which paragraph shall apply and under which 
paragraph or paragraphs it shall exercise its discretion. 
17 
Amendment of Terms and Conditions 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Terms and 
Conditions (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (a) further or alternative documents or protocols 
from time to time published by ISDA with respect to the settlement of credit derivative 
transactions and/or (b) the operation or application of determinations by the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) in any manner which the Calculation Agent 
determines is necessary or desirable to reflect or account for market practice for credit 
derivative transactions or legal or regulatory requirements and/or reflect or account for a 
Hedge Disruption Event.  Without limitation (i) such amendments may be made to reflect or 
account for market practice or legal or regulatory requirements whether or not these existed 
or were in force as of the Trade Date and (ii) legal or regulatory requirements may include 
rules on settlement discipline under and other provisions of the Central Securities 
Depositories Regulation (EU 909/2014).  Any amendment made in accordance with this 
paragraph  17 shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with the General 
Conditions. 
18 
Early redemption of Reference Obligation Only Securities following a Substitution 
Event or Repurchase  
If the Securities are Reference Obligation Only Securities relating to a single Reference Entity 
and (i) the event set out in paragraph  (a) of the definition of "Substitution Event" below occurs 
with respect to the Reference Obligation or (ii) the Calculation Agent determines the 
Reference Obligation has been repurchased in whole pursuant to the terms of the Reference 
Obligation or a tender offer, then:  
(a) 
interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on the Securities from and including the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant (i) Substitution Event Date or (ii) 
the date of repurchase as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if no Interest 
Payment Date has occurred, no interest will accrue on the Securities; and 
(b) 
each Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Reference Obligation 
Only Termination Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Issue Terms in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, which for the 
purposes of this paragraph shall be the day falling three Business Days following the 
relevant (i) Substitution Event Date or (ii) the date of repurchase as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
19 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If following the publication of a DC Resolution (the "Prior DC Resolution"), a further DC 
Resolution (the relevant "Further DC Resolution") is published the effect of which would be to 
reverse all or part of the Prior DC Resolution or if any DC Resolution would reverse any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent and/or the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, notwithstanding any other provisions of these Terms and Conditions the 
Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make any adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent 
determines is necessary or desirable to the General Conditions or these Terms and 
Conditions to reflect the publication of such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution, 
including, without limitation, as a result of the impact or effect of such Further DC Resolution 
or DC Resolution on the Hedging Arrangements (if any).

--- Page 559 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
559 
 
 
20 
Definitions 
"2.5 year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation 
Date". 
"10 year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation 
Date". 
"Accrued Interest" means for the purpose of these Credit Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of any Securities for which "Physical Settlement" is specified to be the 
Settlement Method in the applicable Issue Terms (or for which Physical Settlement is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with paragraph  1 (Cash 
Settlement)), the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being 
Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but 
unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion); 
(ii) 
in respect of any Securities for which "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the 
applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Issue Terms (or for which Cash 
Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with 
paragraph  1), and: 
(a) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include 
accrued but unpaid interest; 
(b) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall not include 
accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(c) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based 
on the then current market practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation 
whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount 
thereof; or 
(iii) 
if paragraph  8 (Partial Cash Settlement) applies, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine, based on the then current market practice in the market of the relevant 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation (as applicable) or 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Unassignable Obligation, whether such Quotations 
shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-
bird" or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and 
whether issued, incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any 
value which was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or 
other asset no longer exists). 
"Asset Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount or each Certificate, as the case may be, Deliverable Obligations, as selected by the 
Issuer, with: 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money obligations, an 
Outstanding Principal Balance; or

--- Page 560 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
560 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money obligations, a 
Due and Payable Amount, 
(or, in each case, the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount) in each case in an 
aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Date that is equal to the Calculation Amount. 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or 
a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If 
the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of a Valuation Obligation, if "Restructuring" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and such Restructuring 
does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the 
Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Asset Transfer Notice" means a duly completed asset transfer notice substantially in the 
form set out in the Notes Agency Agreement or Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement 
(as applicable). 
"Auction" has the meaning as shall be set out in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning as shall be set out in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cash Settlement Amount" means an amount per Calculation Amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to (a) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (b) the Auction 
Final Price; provided that in no event shall the Auction Cash Settlement Amount be less than 
zero. In relation to a Note, where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Auction Cash Settlement Amount payable in respect 
of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning as shall be set out in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" means the price, if any, specified to be the relevant Auction Final Price 
as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (expressed as a

--- Page 561 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
561 
 
 
percentage) or, in the case of a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which the Movement 
Option was exercised on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-Off Date, the price, if any, 
specified to be the Auction Final Price determined in accordance with the applicable Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms with respect to the Reference Entity (expressed as a percentage). 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" has the meaning as shall be set out in 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Settled Securities" means Securities in respect of which "Auction Settlement" is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be 
specified in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business 
Days is not so specified, 10 Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date. 
"Bankruptcy" means the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its 
debts as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-
up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within 30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof or before the Maturity 
Date, whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party 
maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 30 calendar days thereafter or before the Maturity 
Date, whichever is earlier; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs  (a) to  (g) above (inclusive). 
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice" means a notice by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer containing such material information determined by the

--- Page 562 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
562 
 
 
Calculation Agent that is required to be specified by the Issuer, in a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice to be given by the Issuer.  
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer containing such material information determined by the Calculation Agent that is 
required to be specified by the Issuer in a Physical Settlement Notice to be given by the 
Issuer. 
"Cash Settled Securities" means Securities in respect of which "Cash Settlement" is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Issue Terms or where Cash 
Settlement is the Fallback Settlement Method and a Fallback Settlement Method Event has 
occurred. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case as of each such date the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate in the context of the Securities which dates may include any 
relevant dates for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements (if any) provided, however, that a 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, 
assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of 
novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal 
agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation".  
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph  (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation" below. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be 
amended from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established 
pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with 
credit derivative transactions. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring, Governmental 
Intervention and/or, in respect of Exempt Securities, any additional Credit Event specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a 
Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from or is subject to a 
defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into 
any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect 
to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described;

--- Page 563 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
563 
 
 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
"Credit Event Amount" means in respect of a Security, an amount per Calculation Amount 
equal to that Security's pro rata share of the amount (which may not be less than zero) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 ܴܧܰܣ × ܨܲ 
where: 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of the affected Reference Entity; 
and 
"FP" is the Final Price (if a Fallback Settlement Method Event occurs and Cash Settlement is 
the Fallback Settlement Method or if the Settlement Method is Cash Settlement) or the 
Auction Final Price, as applicable, in respect of the affected Reference Entity. 
Expressed in words, this is the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of 
the affected Reference Entity and the Final Price or the Auction Final Price, as applicable, in 
respect of the affected Reference Entity.  
In relation to a Note, where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Credit Event Amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means (a) for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit 
Event (or with respect to a Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-
paragraph  (b) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium), as determined by DC Resolution, 
the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or (b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during the Notice Delivery Period, the Notice Delivery Date; and (ii) if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date.  
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event with respect to 
which:  
(a) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph  (a) (ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the 
Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the 
Credit Event Notice; or

--- Page 564 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
564 
 
 
(ii) 
notwithstanding paragraph  (a) (i) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the 
Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(A) 
(1) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement 
Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(1) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or prior 
to the Exercise Cut-off Date,  
provided that the Notes have not been redeemed on or prior to the date on 
which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs and that no Credit 
Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such 
Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, or 
the Calculation Agent otherwise determines this is consistent with the 
Hedging Arrangements (if any), or 
(b) 
if paragraph  (a) of this definition does not apply, the Non-Standard Credit Event 
Determination Date. 
Provided further that no Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit Event 
Determination Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to 
have occurred, if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a 
Valuation Date, the Credit Event Redemption Date or the Maturity Date as applicable, a DC 
No Credit Event Announcement Date occurs with respect to the relevant event.  
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred 
on a date that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Credit Event 
Determination Date or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date is 
deemed to have occurred prior to one or more preceding Interest Payment Dates, the 
Calculation Agent will determine (1) such adjustment(s) to these Terms and Conditions 
(including any adjustment to payment amounts) as may be required to achieve as far as 
practicable the same economic position of Securityholders as would have prevailed had a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurred on such deemed date of occurrence or had a 
Credit Event Determination Date not occurred (as applicable) and (2) the effective date of 
such adjustment(s).  For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken into 
account when calculating any adjustment to payment amounts. 
Where First-to-Default is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Credit Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to occur with respect to the Securities on the first 
occasion a Credit Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any Reference Entity (the 
"First Reference Entity"). Where First-to-Default is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Credit Event Determination Date occurs with respect to more than one 
Reference Entity on the same day, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion the 
order in which such Credit Event Determination Dates occur. 
"Credit Event Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the 
Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event 
that occurred (i) on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date or if the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies any determinations or resolutions made by the Credit Derivatives

--- Page 565 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
565 
 
 
Determinations Committee and any terms or provisions relating thereto do not apply, the 
Trade Date and (ii) on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Maturity Date 
must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension 
Date, 
or 
the 
relevant 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to 
the determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
"Credit Event Payment Date" means, in relation to any Credit Event Amount (i) the day 
falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number 
of Business Days is not so specified, ten (10) Business Days) following the determination of 
the relevant Final Price or (ii) the day falling two Business Days after the related Auction 
Settlement Date for the relevant Reference Entity, as applicable. 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means in the case of any Securities, the amount per 
Calculation Amount specified as such or, in respect of Exempt Securities, determined as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such amount or method of determination is so 
specified, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
A x B 
where: 
"A" is the Calculation Amount; and 
"B" is the Final Price 
provided that in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be less than zero. In 
relation to a Note, where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the Credit Event Redemption Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means, subject to paragraph  14 (Settlement Suspension) 
above:  
(a) 
in the case of any Securities other than Fixed Recovery Credit Linked Securities, the 
day falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms after 
the determination of the Final Price, or, if the number of Business Days is not so 
specified, ten (10) Business Days, in each case in respect of the Reference Entity the 
occurrence of which results in the Securities becoming redeemable; or  
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Recovery Credit Linked Securities, the date that is 10 Business 
Days following the first day on which the Calculation Agent first determines that a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred subject as provided in the following 
sentence. If the Calculation Agent determines that on or prior to the third Business 
Day preceding the resulting Credit Event Redemption Date (such date, the Cut Off 
Date), the Credit Event Determination Date should or potentially should be adjusted 
or should or potentially should not have occurred by reason of a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, a DC No Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal then it will cancel the then scheduled Credit Event Redemption Date and, if 
applicable, may designate a further Credit Event Redemption Date where any 
subsequent Credit Event Determination Date occurs and the provisions of this 
paragraph  (b) will apply in full to any such subsequent Credit Event Determination

--- Page 566 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
566 
 
 
Date. However no account will be taken of any relevant event or occurrence following 
such Cut-Off Date and such event or occurrence will be deemed not to have 
occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Credit Event Redemption Date may fall on a date that is later 
than the Maturity Date. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Question, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event 
Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit 
Event Question. 
"Currency Amount" means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Notice or Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by 
reference to the Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Physical 
Settlement Notice or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of 
conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding 
Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by 
reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate 
is not available at such time, determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) a Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters 
at 4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, 
as applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or 
after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if 
the Credit Event occurred after the Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must 
relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, 
or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that 
constitutes a Credit Event has occurred. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event 
Question.

--- Page 567 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
567 
 
 
"DC Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given to that term in paragraph  5 (Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension). 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does 
not constitute a Credit Event. 
"DC Party" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by 
ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and 
as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.  
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, U.S.$10,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event. 
"Deferred Interest Payment Date" has the meaning given to that term in paragraph  6 
(Deferral of Certain Dates).  
"Deferred Maturity Date" has the meaning given to that term in paragraph  6 (Deferral of 
Certain Dates).  
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of 
the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all 
right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily 
conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Asset Amount to the relevant Securityholder 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens 
routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including without 
limitation any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set forth in paragraphs  (a) to  (d) in the definition of "Credit Event" above) or right of 
set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any Underlying Obligor); provided that (i) if all or a 
portion of the Asset Amount consists of Direct Loan Participations, "Deliver" means to create 
(or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant Securityholder and (ii) to 
the extent that the Deliverable Obligations consist of a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver 
both the Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation, provided further that if the Guarantee has 
a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all 
claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. "Delivery" and "Delivered" will 
be construed accordingly. In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using 
documentation substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant 
market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such 
Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in 
respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement applicable to the Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset 
Package Credit Event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, it shall be deemed that no 
Package Observable Bond exists with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign (even

--- Page 568 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
568 
 
 
if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and accordingly, Asset 
Package Delivery shall not apply thereto. Where Asset Package Delivery applies, the 
provisions relating thereto in this definition of "Deliver" below shall apply and where 
appropriate the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment in relation to the provisions for 
physical delivery and determination of the Asset Amount to take account of the relevant Asset 
Package. 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (a) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond specified in the Physical Settlement Notice or Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, 
and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, (b) the preceding paragraph above shall be deemed to apply to each 
Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated 
as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (c) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding 
Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to 
have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has 
notified the holders in accordance with the General Conditions of the detailed description of 
the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver, (d) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make 
Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery 
of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (e) if the relevant Asset is a 
Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be 
an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value and the term Asset Package shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in  (A) (Method for 
Determining Deliverable Obligations) below;  
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation;  
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any Prior Deliverable 
Obligation, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any Package Observable 
Bond, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that 
the obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that 
is greater than zero (determined for purposes of paragraph  (d) above, immediately 
prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event); and 
(e) 
any Additional Deliverable Obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations. For the purpose of 
paragraph  (a) of this definition of "Deliverable Obligation", the term 
"Deliverable Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of the 
Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and, subject to  (B) (Interpretation of 
Provisions) below, having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, 
if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case as of each such 
date the Calculation Agent determines relevant in the context of the

--- Page 569 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
569 
 
 
Securities which dates may include any relevant dates for purposes of the 
Hedging Arrangements (if any). The following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
(1) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, 
Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond 
or Loan (each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), 
except that, for the purpose of determining Deliverable Obligation, 
the definition of "Reference Obligation Only" shall be amended to 
state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be 
applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
(2) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of 
Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance (each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, 
Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not 
Bearer, where: 
(i) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or 
financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the 
relevant lending syndicate without the consent of the 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or 
the consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(ii) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of 
being assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the relevant borrower if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(iii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of 
which, pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is 
capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a 
contractual right in favour of each Securityholder that 
provides 
each 
Securityholder 
with 
recourse 
to 
the 
participation seller for a specified share in any payments due 
under the relevant Loan which are received by such 
participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into 
between each Securityholder and either (A) the Issuer (to the 
extent that the Issuer is then a lender or a member of the 
relevant lending syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying Participation 
Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation 
Seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending 
syndicate); 
(iv) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that 
provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A 
or Regulation S promulgated under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any

--- Page 570 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
570 
 
 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction 
having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for 
resale of an obligation);  
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as 
statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or 
around payment dates or voting periods; 
(v) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a 
remaining maturity of not greater than the period specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (or if no such period is specified, 
thirty years); 
(vi) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which 
the principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, 
acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in 
full in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would 
have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation 
imposed under any applicable insolvency laws; and 
(vii) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer 
instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer 
instrument 
are 
cleared 
via 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other internationally recognised clearing 
system. 
(B) 
Interpretation of Provisions. 
Unless expressly stated in the applicable Issue Terms that this paragraph  (B) 
is not applicable to a Series; 
(1) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not 
Domestic Issuance" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall be construed as 
though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; or (iii) any of the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan" or "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall be construed as 
though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans. 
(2) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and 
"Direct Loan Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics in the applicable Issue Terms, the Deliverable 
Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy 
all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics.

--- Page 571 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
571 
 
 
(3) 
In the event that a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, 
the following will apply: 
(i) 
for the purposes of the application of the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be 
deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as those 
that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(ii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and 
the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or 
dates each of the applicable Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified 
Currency", 
"Not 
Sovereign 
Lender", 
"Not 
Domestic 
Currency", and "Not Domestic Law".  
(iii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms from the following list: 
"Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", 
"Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", 
"Transferable", 
"Maximum 
Maturity", 
"Accelerated" 
or 
"Matured", and "Not Bearer". 
(iv) 
For the purposes of the application of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, 
references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer 
to the Underlying Obligor. 
(4) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Maximum Maturity", remaining maturity shall be 
determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in 
effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a 
Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining 
maturity shall be zero.  
(5) 
If 
"Financial 
Reference 
Entity 
Terms" 
and 
"Governmental 
Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in 
the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be 
altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which 
would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such 
obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(6) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified in the 
paragraphs commencing "If "Mod R" …" and "If "Mod Mod R" …" in 
paragraph  2 above to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, any such determination shall be made by 
reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(7) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if an obligation would

--- Page 572 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
572 
 
 
otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in 
such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic. 
(8) 
If "Provisions relating to 2020 Limited Recourse Additional 
Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and an obligation includes Limited Recourse Provisions, then for the 
purposes of determining whether such obligation is a Deliverable 
Obligation, such obligation is deemed to satisfy "Not Subordinated". 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the 
date such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be Delivered pursuant to the 
definition of "Deliver" above). 
"Delivery Expenses" means all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the Delivery of the 
Asset Amount, including, without limitation, any such costs, taxes, duties or expenses payable 
by the transferor and transferee of the Asset Amount. 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
and any successor currency thereto or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency 
and any successor currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign  
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity at the date of the event giving rise to the Credit 
Event which is the subject of the Credit Event Notice, the Delivery Date or the time of 
identification of a Substitute Reference Obligation (as applicable), whose outstanding Voting 
Shares are, at the date of the issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. 
owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means, the amount that is due and payable by the Reference 
Entity under the obligation whether by reason of acceleration, maturity, termination or 
otherwise (excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other 
similar amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
(other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in 
accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the relevant PSN Effective 
Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the 
Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (B) the relevant Valuation Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information.

--- Page 573 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
573 
 
 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity described in paragraph  (c) (i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$500 
million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in paragraph  (a) above; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, 
issuer of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other 
special purpose vehicle) that (1) has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million 
or (2) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or 
management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least U.S.$100 
million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, 
or other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraphs  (a),  (b) or  (c) (ii) 
above or  (d) or  (e) below; 
(d) 
any Sovereign; or 
(e) 
any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or 
more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary 
Fund, the European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies in 
each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(i) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(iii) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after 
the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means

--- Page 574 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
574 
 
 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and (i) the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated 
Obligation. 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and any Security to which paragraph  (a) of 
the definition of Credit Event Determination Date above applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date 
that is five Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such 
Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event where paragraph  (a) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date does not apply, the relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves. 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" 
are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure 
to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Maturity Date; and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
as applicable. 
"Failure to Pay" means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the 
failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in 
accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure provided that, if an 
occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed 
not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in 
the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to 
such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination.

--- Page 575 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
575 
 
 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means the fallback settlement method specified (or deemed 
specified) in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Fallback Settlement Method Event" means any one or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date or, in the case of a Restructuring Credit Event in 
respect of which the Movement Option was exercised on or prior to the Movement 
Option Cut-off Date, a Parallel Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and, in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph  (b) or  (c) (ii) of the 
definition of No Auction Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the 
Movement Option); 
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(d) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph  (a) of 
the definition of "Credit Event Determination Date" or paragraph  (a) of the definition of 
Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred in respect of the relevant Credit Event on or prior to the 
date falling three Business Days after such Credit Event Determination Date. 
"Final List" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Final Price" means: 
(a) 
(i) 
if there is more than one Valuation Obligation, the weighted average of the 
prices of each such Valuation Obligation, each expressed as a percentage of 
its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the price of the relevant Valuation Obligation, expressed as a 
percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, 
in either case determined in accordance with the Valuation Method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, where applicable, paragraph  8 (Partial Cash Settlement) 
above; or 
(b) 
if Fixed Recovery is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, no Valuation Date will arise for these purposes). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing in paragraph  (a) above and anything to the contrary herein 
(including, without limitation, that the Settlement Method is not Physical Settlement), if Asset 
Package Delivery is applicable and the Valuation Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or a Package Observable Bond, (i) all constituent parts of the related Asset Package may be 
treated as Valuation Obligation(s) in lieu of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, and such Asset Package constituents shall be treated as having the same 
currency, aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance or aggregate Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which the 
Asset Package corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) if 
any such Asset Package constituent is zero, its price shall be deemed to be zero per cent. on 
the relevant Valuation Date(s) and (iii) if the Calculation Agent determines that a price cannot 
reasonably be determined in accordance with the Valuation Method, then the price of the 
Asset Package constituents will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, if applicable by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation, as equal to the fair market value of the Asset 
Package constituent, expressed as a percentage of the relevant portion of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable. In each case, the Final Price

--- Page 576 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
576 
 
 
may not exceed 100 per cent and the Asset Package constituents may have different 
Valuation Dates. 
"First Reference Entity" has the meaning given in the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the 
liability of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to 
a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal 
or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be 
variable inputs). 
"Fixed Recovery Credit Linked Securities" means Securities for which Fixed Recovery is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation 
other than Bonds, in each case, as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines 
relevant in the context of the Securities, which dates may include any relevant dates for 
purposes of the Hedging Arrangements (if any). Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be 
considered as a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully Transferable 
Obligation".  
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, if the relevant 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means  
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof);  
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in 
paragraphs  (a) to  (c) above. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of 
the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a 
Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference 
Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for 
under the terms of such Obligation:

--- Page 577 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
577 
 
 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs  (a) to  (c) above. 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs  (b) and  (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect 
as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Maturity Date or relevant 
Interest Payment Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on 
or prior to the Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date, the Grace Period will 
be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, if no period is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
30 calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three 
Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a 
Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such 
Obligation; provided that, unless "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the 
days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so 
specified (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a day on which the TARGET System is 
open, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the 
Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if:

--- Page 578 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
578 
 
 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; 
and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Maturity Date or relevant Interest 
Payment Date, 
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure 
to Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means in the determination of the Calculation Agent any event 
(including, without limitation, any delay in the settlement of an Auction) as a result of which 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates has not received the relevant Deliverable Obligations 
under the terms of the relevant Hedging Arrangements (if any). 
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Asset 
Amount which, on the Physical Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the 
Calculation Agent determines cannot be Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event. 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any underlying or related transaction(s), asset(s) or 
arrangements (which may include, without limitation, deposits and/or other funding 
arrangements and hedges in respect of any such funding arrangement) the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates may enter into or hold from time to time directly or indirectly in connection with 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities. 
"Hedging Costs" means, notwithstanding any provisions in the General Conditions, in 
respect of the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Auction Cash Settlement Amount, Partial Cash Settlement Amount, Credit Event 
Redemption Amount, Credit Event Amount or any other amount specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be subject to adjustment for Hedging Costs (each a "Relevant Redemption 
Amount") or the Asset Amount, as the case may be (a) the Issuer's losses, expenses and 
costs (if any), including any loss of bargain or cost of funding (in which case the Relevant 
Redemption Amount will be adjusted downward by its pro rata share of such losses, 
expenses and costs or the Asset Amount may be reduced as provided in paragraph  2 
(Physical Settlement) above), provided that the Relevant Redemption Amount shall not be 
less than zero or (b) the Issuer's gain in which case the Relevant Redemption Amount will be 
adjusted upward by its pro rata share of such gain or, as the case may be, a payment will be 
made by the Issuer to the Securityholder of such pro rata share of the gain in respect of the 
Asset Amount, as the case may be, in each case to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of 
unwinding, terminating, liquidating, adjusting, obtaining, replacing, settling or re-establishing 
any Hedging Arrangements (if any) (including but not limited to any options, currency and 
derivative trades or selling or otherwise realising any instruments of any type whatsoever 
which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may hold as part of such Hedging Arrangements (if 
any)), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
"Intervening Period" means such period of time as any person other than the relevant 
Securityholder shall continue to be registered as the legal owner of any securities or other 
obligations comprising the Asset Amount. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount 
of principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realizable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the

--- Page 579 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
579 
 
 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.  
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" has the meaning given to that term in the 
definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in 
any year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of 
years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 
years, 10 years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as 
applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention, unless the applicable Issue Terms specify otherwise. 
"Liquidated Value" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation and a Delivery Date, the 
proceeds that might be realised by the Issuer (net of any realisation costs) in respect of the 
sale of such Deliverable Obligation as of the Delivery Date on the basis of the following: 
(a) 
if more than one Full Quotation (for which purpose any reference to "Reference 
Obligation" in the definition thereof shall be deemed to be a reference to "Deliverable 
Obligation") are obtained, the highest of such Full Quotations; 
(b) 
if only one Full Quotation is obtained, such Full Quotation; 
(c) 
if only a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; 
(d) 
if neither a Full Quotation nor a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, subject to 
where the Quotation is deemed to be zero, an amount as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which at least one Full Quotation or a 
Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; or 
(e) 
if the Quotations are deemed to be zero, the Liquidated Value shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as the realisable value, if any, of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation as of the Delivery Date. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either Mod R 
or Mod Mod R is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Market Value" means, with respect to the Valuation Obligation, on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest 
value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, subject as provided in the definition of "Quotation", an amount the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and

--- Page 580 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
580 
 
 
(f) 
if the Quotations are deemed to be zero, the Market Value shall be zero. 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, 
the lower of (a) U.S.$1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) 
the Quotation Amount. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in 
loans, securities and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Maturity Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Maturity Date. 
In connection with the above, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the 
terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in 
the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be 
deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring for which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph  (b) or  (c) (ii) of the definition of 
No Auction Announcement Date, the option of the Issuer to apply to the Securities, for 
purposes of Settlement, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which 
the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that 
could apply in respect of the Reference Transaction (provided that if more than one such set 
of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply). The 
Issuer shall be deemed to have exercised such option if the Calculation Agent delivers an 
effective Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement 
Option Cut-off Date. If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Fallback Settlement 
Method shall apply. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day 
following the Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the date on which the Physical Settlement Notice or relevant Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice or relevant Partial Cash Settlement Notice, as applicable, is 
effective. For these purposes, "London Business Day" means a day on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in London. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which 
the DC Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published; or 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no 
Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the 
contrary in circumstances where either:

--- Page 581 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
581 
 
 
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or 
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph  (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same 
reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference 
Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date (as applicable). 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date" means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph  (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, 
with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph  (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior 
to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement 
Method; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC 
Credit Event Announcement; or 
(B) 
(1) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and  
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered to Securityholders in 
accordance with the General Conditions and is effective on 
or prior to the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective 
during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from and including the 
date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to and including the date that is 
fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, that the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the 
last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if 
either: 
(A) 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement 
Method; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and

--- Page 582 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
582 
 
 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC 
Credit Event Announcement and on or prior to a DC 
Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent determines this is otherwise consistent with the 
Hedging Arrangements (if any); or 
(c) 
if the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies any references to any determinations 
or resolutions made by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and any 
terms or provisions relating thereto do not apply, the first date on which an effective 
Credit Event Notice has been delivered by the Calculation Agent during the Notice 
Delivery Period, 
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit 
Event has previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit 
Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence 
of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or the Calculation Agent determines this is 
otherwise consistent with the Hedging Arrangements (if any). 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event to which 
paragraph  (a) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; 
or 
(iii) 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any,  
as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is 
five Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List 
is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means, in respect of the Reference Entity, the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been 
determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred 
to institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice 
and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been 
delivered by the Calculation Agent. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and 
including the date that is 21 calendar days after the Extension Date.

--- Page 583 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
583 
 
 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" means, in relation to Auction Settled Securities for 
which (a) an M(M)R Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would 
otherwise be applicable pursuant to paragraph  (b) of the definition of "Fallback Settlement 
Method Event", a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms applicable with respect to such Auction Settled Securities in 
accordance with the definition of "Movement Option" and (ii) is effective on or prior to the 
Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites 
Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy or 
description in reasonable detail of the relevant Publicly Available Information. Unless "Notice 
of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applying in the applicable Issue Terms, if 
a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains 
Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. A Notice of 
Publicly Available Information shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices in 
paragraph  16 (Calculation Agent Notices, certain provisions relating to timing and payment 
timing and non-exclusive use of certain provisions hereof). 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in  (A) Method for 
Determining Obligations below and; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation,  
in each case unless it is an Excluded Obligation, and 
(c) 
any Additional Obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Method for Determining Obligations. For the purpose of paragraph  (a) of 
this definition of "Obligation", the term "Obligation" may be defined as each 
obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, 
immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
(1) 
"Obligation 
Category" 
means 
Payment, 
Borrowed 
Money, 
Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of 
which shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where: 
(i) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, 
contingent or otherwise) for the payment or repayment of 
money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
(ii) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an 
obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for which 
there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money 
(which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and

--- Page 584 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
584 
 
 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to 
letters of credit); 
(iii) 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a 
Reference Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall 
be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(iv) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the 
"Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that is in the form of, 
or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt 
security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money; 
(v) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the 
"Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that is documented 
by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other 
similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type 
of Borrowed Money; and 
(vi) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond 
or a Loan. 
(2) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where: 
(i) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not 
Subordinated to (1) the Reference Obligation or, (2) the Prior 
Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
(ii) 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the 
"Second Obligation") and another obligation of the 
Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared 
(the "First Obligation"), a contractual, trust or other similar 
arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the Reference 
Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are 
required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of 
the Second Obligation or (II) the holders of the Second 
Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal 
payments in respect of their claims against the Reference 
Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment 
arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For purposes 
of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an 
obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation 
to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred 
creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit 
support 
or 
other 
credit 
enhancement 
or 
security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation 
of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference 
Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, 
the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of 
the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in 
circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior 
Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation

--- Page 585 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
585 
 
 
and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the 
priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as 
of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect 
any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such 
date;  
(iii) 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances 
where there is no Reference Obligation applicable to the 
Securities, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently 
applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was 
redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) 
any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity; 
(iv) 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in 
the currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and no currency is so specified, any 
Standard Specified Currency) provided that if the euro is a 
Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include 
an obligation that was previously payable in the euro, 
regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such 
redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of 
such Governmental Authority; 
(v) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not 
primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or (B) any entity or 
organization established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, 
which 
shall include, 
without 
limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(vi) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is 
payable in any currency other than the applicable Domestic 
Currency provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall 
not constitute a Domestic Currency; 
(vii) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not 
governed by the applicable Domestic Law, provided that the 
laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall 
not constitute a Domestic Law; 
(viii) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or 
ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange; and 
(ix) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than 
an obligation that was issued (or reissued, as the case may 
be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity. Any obligation that 
is registered or, as a result of some other action having been 
taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of

--- Page 586 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
586 
 
 
whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be 
deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), 
or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the Reference Entity. 
(B) 
Interpretation of Provisions.  
(1) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic 
Issuance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable 
Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Bonds. 
(2) 
In the event that an Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following 
will apply: 
(i) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation 
Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy 
the same category or categories as those that describe the 
Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation 
Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the 
Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or 
dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms from the 
following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not 
Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not 
Domestic Law"; 
(iii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy 
on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms from the following list: "Listed", and "Not 
Domestic Issuance", and 
(iv) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor. 
(3) 
If 
"Financial 
Reference 
Entity 
Terms" 
and 
"Governmental 
Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in 
effect at the time of making the determination which permit the 
Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such 
Obligation Characteristic. 
(4) 
If "Provisions relating to 2020 Limited Recourse Additional 
Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and an obligation includes Limited Recourse Provisions, then for the 
purposes of determining whether such obligation is an Obligation, 
such obligation is deemed to satisfy "Not Subordinated".

--- Page 587 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
587 
 
 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a 
default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a 
failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more 
Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before 
they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the 
occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference 
Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference 
Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference 
Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms (if any is so 
specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity, such 
obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes 
of the relevant Securities (other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and 
for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic) unless the relevant Securities are Reference Obligation Only 
Securities. 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given in paragraph  2 (Physical Settlement) above. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation 
which will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition 
of Accrued Interest above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest 
payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where 
applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference 
Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed 
Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in accordance with paragraph  (a) above less 
any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph  (b), the "Non-Contingent 
Amount"); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) the relevant PSN Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are 
amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or 
(B) the relevant Valuation Date; and

--- Page 588 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
588 
 
 
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, 
any obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs (a) 
or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date 
on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as defined in the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with 
respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which (i) the Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
the same as the Reference Transaction and (ii) the Reference Transaction would not be an 
Auction Covered Transaction provided that if no such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may select in its discretion the applicable Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.  
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" 
as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is so specified, 
U.S.$1,000,000 or its equivalent, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, in either case as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or 
Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable, as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable 
Obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the 
Reference Entity's payment obligations: 
(i) 
as a result of the application of: 
(a) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(b) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(c) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from 
its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(d) 
if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any Solvency Capital Provisions; 
(e) 
if "Provisions relating to 2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions" are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, provisions which (A) 
limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds of specified assets

--- Page 589 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
589 
 
 
or the proceeds resulting from the enforcement of security or collateral 
arrangements and/or (B) extinguish any obligation that remains outstanding 
following the disposal of specified assets and/or the enforcement of the 
security or collateral arrangements and in each case the application of the 
resulting proceeds (any such provisions, "Limited Recourse Provisions"; or 
(f) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, provisions which permit the Reference Entity's 
obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on 
their behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect 
of such obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, 
in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the PSN Cut-off Date (the "Scheduled Physical Settlement Date"), provided that if 
a Hedge Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on the second Business Day 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Physical Settlement Date, the Physical Settlement Date 
shall be the earlier of (a) the second Business Day following the date on which no Hedge 
Disruption Event exists and (b) the day falling 60 Business Days following the Scheduled 
Physical Settlement Date. 
"Physical Settlement Notice" has the meaning given in paragraph  2 (Physical Settlement) 
above. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to paragraph  14 (Settlement Suspension) 
above, the number of Business Days specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if a 
number of Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation 
specified in the Physical Settlement Notice or the Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with then 
current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent provided that if the Issuer has notified the Securityholders in accordance with the 
General Conditions that it will Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be 35 
Business Days. 
"Physically Settled Securities" means Securities in respect of which "Physical Settlement" 
is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Issue Terms or where 
Physical Settlement is the Fallback Settlement Method and a Fallback Settlement Method 
Event has occurred. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 21 calendar days thereafter 
(provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
"Potential Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
a Potential Failure to Pay (if Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit Event in respect of 
the Reference Entity),

--- Page 590 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
590 
 
 
(b) 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (if Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit 
Event in respect of the Reference Entity); or  
(c) 
if a notice is delivered to the DC Secretary as referred to in the definition of DC Credit 
Event Question and the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
not made its determination.   
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Calculation Agent may each 
determine whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred.  
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and 
where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time 
of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in 
paragraph  (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified 
as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately 
prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental 
Intervention and (iii) fell within paragraphs  (a) or  (b) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such 
Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has 
occurred in respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is 
specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit 
Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in  (a) to  (d) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of 
set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms 
is not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"PSN Cut-off Date" means subject, where applicable, to paragraph  14 (Settlement 
Suspension) above: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph  (b) below, the later of: 
(i) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any 
(or, if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth calendar 
day after the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date); or 
(b) 
if, in accordance with the terms of paragraph  1(ii)(B) above, paragraph  2 (Physical 
Settlement) above applies as a result of the occurrence of (a) an Auction Cancellation 
Date or (b) a No Auction Announcement Date and, in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to section  (b) or  (c) (ii) of the definition

--- Page 591 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
591 
 
 
of No Auction Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the Movement 
Option and:  
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of: 
(A) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph  (a) (i) above; and 
(B) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the 
No 
Auction 
Announcement 
Date, 
occurring 
pursuant 
to 
paragraphs  (a) or  (c) (i) of the definition of No Auction Announcement 
Date above, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring either: 
(A) 
the later of: 
(1) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph  (a) (i) above; and 
(2) 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(x) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to paragraph  (a) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date above, if any; 
(y) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to paragraph  (c) (i) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date above, if any; or 
(z) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as applicable; 
or 
(B) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if 
more than one Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date should 
occur, the last Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date), and the 
Relevant City Business Day immediately following the Parallel 
Auction Cancellation Date, if any (or, if more than one should occur, 
the last Parallel Auction Cancellation Date), as applicable, in 
circumstances where either: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph  (b) of the definition of No Auction Announcement 
Date above and the Issuer has not exercised the Movement 
Option; or 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph 
 (c) (ii) 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
No 
Auction 
Announcement Date above and the Issuer has not exercised 
the Movement Option, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs  (a) (ii) and  (b) above, the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date 
described in paragraph  (a) (i) above. 
"PSN Effective Date" means the date on which an effective Calculation Agent Physical 
Settlement Notice or Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as the case 
may be, is delivered to the Issuer.

--- Page 592 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
592 
 
 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms or if no such source is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York 
Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La 
Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor 
publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference 
Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically 
displayed news sources. 
"Publicly Available Information" means: 
(a) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination 
that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in 
a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice has occurred and 
which: 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public 
Sources (regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to 
obtain such information); 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) the Reference Entity or (if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank of such Sovereign) 
or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying 
agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(iii) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing however 
described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or 
similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body. 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs  (ii) or  (iii) 
above is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it 
can be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs  (a) (ii) and  (iii) 
above, the Calculation Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed 
to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding 
the confidentiality of such information and that the entity disclosing such information 
has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the 
Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or 
would prevent, the disclosure of such information to third parties. 
(b) 
Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the determination of any 
Downstream Affiliate, the percentage of Voting Shares owned, by the Reference 
Entity and (ii) that the relevant occurrence: 
(i) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(ii) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(iii) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information 
must relate to the events described in paragraphs  (a) and  (b) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium below.

--- Page 593 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
593 
 
 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference 
Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, 
undertakes or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for 
amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying 
Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by 
guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto 
in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee:  
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise 
altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, 
in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the 
discharge, release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity and such provisions have 
ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in 
accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to 
or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the 
definition of Bankruptcy above in respect of the Reference Entity or the 
Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such 
cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the 
guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(1) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered 
together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and

--- Page 594 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
594 
 
 
(2) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which 
are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered 
together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be 
no Qualifying Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly 
asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the 
obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become 
due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the 
Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage of the Valuation Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that 
follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation 
Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or 
more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a 
Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business 
Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers 
and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be zero. 
"Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(which may be specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to a 
Representative Amount) or, if no amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Amount (where paragraph (a) of the definition of "Valuation Obligation" applies) or 
the amount specified in the Valuation Obligation Notification (where paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Valuation Obligation" applies) (or, in any such case, its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner 
by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being 
obtained). 
"Quotation Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which 
Quotations are to be obtained, including each Quotation Dealer specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. If no Quotation Dealer(s) are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall select the Quotation Dealers.  Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer 
being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the 
type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may substitute any other 
Quotation Dealer(s) for such Quotation Dealer(s). 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms by reference to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers and shall be averaged for the purposes of determining a relevant Quotation 
Dealer's quotation.

--- Page 595 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
595 
 
 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Bid shall apply. 
"Reference Entity" means the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and any 
Successor. Any Successor to the Reference Entity either (a) identified pursuant to the 
definition of "Successor" on or following the Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC 
Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly announced by the 
DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, in each case, with effect from the 
Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the relevant Securities and the 
Calculation Agent shall make such amendments and/or adjustments to the terms of the 
Terms and Conditions as it determines appropriate to reflect this, including as set out under 
the definition of "Successor". 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means the notional amount in respect of each 
Reference Entity as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or no election is specified in the Issue Terms), (ii) as of the Trade Date, there 
is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will 
be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of 
publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation 
that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List (an "SRO Removal 
Event") or the Standard Reference Obligation published would not have been eligible to be 
selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation, such obligation shall not be the Reference 
Obligation and, unless and until a new Standard Reference Obligation which is so eligible is 
published, the Reference Obligation shall be any Deliverable Obligation selected by the 
Issuer from time to time with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level (which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, may be the lowest value Deliverable Obligation available at the 
relevant time).  If an SRO Removal Event has occurred or the Standard Reference Obligation 
published would not have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation 
and the Issuer determines that no such Deliverable Obligation is available, then 
notwithstanding the fact that the Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the 
Reference Obligation, the Issuer may attempt to identify a Deliverable Obligation to be the 
Reference Obligation.  The provisions of this definition may be applied by the Issuer on more 
than one occasion and are without prejudice to the right of the Calculation Agent to determine 
a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Reference Obligation Only Securities" means any Securities in respect of which (a) 
"Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable 
Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Transaction" means a hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(i) 
for which the Deliverable Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics are (i) the same as in respect of the Credit Linked Securities (if such 
Deliverable Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) or (ii) if and to the extent the Deliverable 
Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are not specified, the

--- Page 596 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
596 
 
 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category 
and 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be appropriate in respect of a credit derivative 
transaction linked to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
with a scheduled termination date matching the Maturity Date of the Credit Linked 
Securities; and 
otherwise having such other and/or different characteristics as the Calculation Agent may 
determine appropriate by reference to, without limitation, the Hedging Arrangements (if any) 
and/or any credit derivative elections made in relation to the Credit Linked Securities. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Final Amount" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Securities other than Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the Final 
Redemption Amount; or 
(b) 
in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the Final Redemption Amount or 
if any Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any Reference 
Entity, a Security's pro rata share of the Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount 
on the due date for redemption.  
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to 
the Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in the Physical Settlement Notice or Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of 
the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its 
Affiliates, or held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under paragraph  (a) of the definition of Successor below, make 
the appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are 
issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally 
effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and (i) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, 
is a Senior Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is 
a Subordinated Obligation, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and 
any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations

--- Page 597 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
597 
 
 
exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall only include the Senior Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan". 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in paragraph  2 
(Physical Settlement). 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market and at the relevant time, which amount will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges 
the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de 
facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to 
any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date, (a) if the Obligations 
to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the 
later of (i) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
and (ii) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in 
respect of such payment date) and (b) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date 
of 
such 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
provided 
that, 
in 
either 
case, 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Maturity Date unless 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied: 
(a) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered 
and effectively received on or prior to the date that is 21 calendar days after the 
Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity and that such event 
occurred on or prior to the Maturity Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that are each 
effective on or prior to the date that is 21 calendar days after the Maturity Date, 
provided that the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have 
been satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary 
publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that either (A) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with 
respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or (B) an event that constitutes a

--- Page 598 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
598 
 
 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference 
Entity but that such event occurred after the Maturity Date). 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that 
describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Maturity Date). 
A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of 
the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred 
and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the 
subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and 
"Resolves" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect 
of which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all the holders of the Obligation, or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by 
the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and 
such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the 
later of the Credit Event Backstop Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or 
incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean 
the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(A) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation to an 
Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European 
Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union; 
(B) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the 
redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general

--- Page 599 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
599 
 
 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a freely 
available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency 
existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the 
rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by 
reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(C) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs  (a) to  (e) above due to an administrative adjustment, 
accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(D) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs  (a) to  (e) above in circumstances where such event 
does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that 
in respect of paragraph  (e) above only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required 
where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as 
a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and paragraph  10 (Provisions relating to 
Multiple Holder Obligation) above, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying 
Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of 
a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in the definition 
of Restructuring (other than in paragraphs  (A) to  (D) of this definition of Restructuring) and the 
definition of Subordination shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the 
references to the Reference Entity in paragraphs  (A) to  (D) of this definition of Restructuring 
shall continue to be deemed to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under paragraphs  (a) to  (e) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of 
the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations 
immediately following such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means, the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Maturity Date. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final 
maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date 
(such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the 
Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond 
or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. For these purposes, the final maturity date shall 
be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of 
making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and 
payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination 
is made. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the 
currency in which the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated 
and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation is denominated that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate 
Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, by 
the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 600 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
600 
 
 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or 
(b) 
if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if 
the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or 
"Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a 
Subordinated Obligation, failing which 
(c) 
"Senior Level". 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or if no currency is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Specified Currency of the 
Securities. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, 
reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute 
capital resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in 
respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit 
Event Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within paragraph  (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" above, immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring 
is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, 
reconstitution or, other similar event. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or if no such number is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, two. 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third 
party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the 
relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case 
of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be 
a series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by 
one or more entities.

--- Page 601 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
601 
 
 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so 
Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity 
existed. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in 
accordance with paragraphs  (c),  (d) and  (e) below to replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an 
obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, 
such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has 
not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs  (a) or  (b) (ii) of the definition of 
Substitution Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference 
Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and 
paragraph  (c) (ii)). If the event set forth in paragraph  (b) (i) of the definition of 
Substitution Event below has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute 
Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under 
paragraphs  (a) or  (b) (ii) of the definition of Substitution Event below occur with 
respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution 
Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the 
date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of 
payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph  (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph  (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
above; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 602 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
602 
 
 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other 
than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph  (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph  (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
above; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other 
than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph  (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph  (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
above. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to 
the process described in paragraph  (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation 
will be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the 
economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify 
the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions of the Substitute 
Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been identified in 
accordance with paragraph  (c) above and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall 
replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation immediately upon such notification. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to 
paragraph  (a) above and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraph  (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined 
in respect of any Securities that are Reference Obligation Only Securities.

--- Page 603 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
603 
 
 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on 
which the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it 
has identified in accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation above. 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; or 
(b) 
provided that the Securities to which the Non-Standard Reference Obligation relates 
are not Reference Obligation Only Securities: 
(i) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
have been reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit 
Event, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of 
the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change 
in the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar 
identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event.  If an event 
described in paragraphs  (a) or  (v)(i) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade 
Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to 
paragraphs  (a) or  (b) (i) above as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at 
such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the 
final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a 
determination pursuant to paragraph  (a) of the definition of Successor below would not be 
affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the 
occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any 
entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph  (b) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph  (vii), if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 75 per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25 per cent. (but less than 75 per cent.) of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than 25 per cent. 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity, and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entities that succeed to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations

--- Page 604 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
604 
 
 
will each be a Successor, and the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the provisions of the applicable Issue 
Terms as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the relevant 
Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and shall 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity, and more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity 
and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor, and the Calculation Agent 
shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the provisions of the 
applicable Issue Terms as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that 
the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one 
Successor and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
but no entity succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will 
be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as 
a result of such succession;  
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
but no entity succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity 
which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be 
the Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal 
percentage of Relevant Obligations each such entity will be a Successor and 
the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms as it shall determine to be 
appropriate to reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded 
by more than one Successor and shall determine the effective date of that 
adjustment); and  
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity 
assumes all of the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of 
the Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (A) the 
Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the 
process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity 
has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since 
the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the "Universal 
Successor") will be the sole Successor; and 
(b) 
an entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor 
Backstop Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of 
which the Succession Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or 
part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the 
Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event.

--- Page 605 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
605 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession 
Date, any Successor or Successors under paragraph  (a) above, provided that the 
Calculation Agent will not make any such determination if, at the time of 
determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor 
based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be 
made under this definition of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information or any DC 
Secretary announcement or publication or other information the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate and will, as soon as practicable after such calculation or 
determination, make such calculation or determination available for inspection by 
Securityholders at the specified office of each of the Relevant Agents.  In calculating 
the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under 
paragraph  (a) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all 
related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a 
single succession. 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference 
Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or 
Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation 
as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, 
it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint 
Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as 
guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to the 
Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations that an entity other than the Reference Entity 
(1) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (2) 
issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor 
or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such 
Exchange Bonds or Loans as applicable. For purposes of this definition of "Successor", 
"succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. In the case of an exchange 
offer, the determinations required pursuant to paragraph  (a) of this definition of "Successor" 
shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations 
exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds 
or Loans. 
Where pursuant to paragraph  (a) (iii) or  (iv) or  (vi) above or any DC Resolution, more than one 
Successor has been identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such terms of the Terms 
and Conditions as it determines appropriate to reflect the fact that the relevant Reference 
Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and shall determine the effective 
date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent shall be entitled but not obliged to make such 
adjustments in such a manner as to reflect the adjustment to and/or division of any credit 
derivative transaction(s) related to or underlying the Securities under the provisions of the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. Such adjustments may but do not have to include, 
without limitation, (A) a reallocation of the nominal amount of the Securities relating to the 
relevant Reference Entity to each relevant Successor and consequential changes in all 
related payment and other terms or (B) the issuance by the Issuer of one or more series of 
new securities in addition to or as a replacement for the Securities in order to reflect the 
further Successor(s). In the case of (B) the Issuer shall be entitled to decrease the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Securities and select appropriate aggregate nominal amounts for 
each such further series of Securities consistent with any adjustment to and/or division of any

--- Page 606 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
606 
 
 
credit derivative transaction(s) related to the original Reference Entity. Any such further series 
shall otherwise be on such terms as the Calculation Agent may determine appropriate to 
reflect there being more than one Successor with the aim of passing on to Securityholders the 
economic effect of such event.  Upon making such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with the General 
Conditions, stating the adjustment to these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms and giving brief details of the relevant Successor event. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above and sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference 
Entity, where one or more Reference Entities (each an "Affected Reference Entity") and/or 
the Issuer would, but for this provision, be identified as a Successor to another Reference 
Entity pursuant to the above provisions and at least one other entity which is not a Reference 
Entity or the Issuer is also identified as a Successor for the purposes of any succession, each 
Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, as applicable, shall not be regarded as a 
"Successor" for the purposes of the Securities.  Where pursuant to the provisions above or 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference Entity one or more Reference Entities (each 
an "Affected Reference Entity") and/or the Issuer would, but for this provision, be identified as 
a Successor to another Reference Entity pursuant to the above provisions but no other 
entities (that are not Reference Entities or the Issuer) are identified as a Successor in respect 
of the relevant succession, each Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, as applicable, 
shall not be regarded as a "Successor" for the purposes of the Securities and, in respect of 
each Affected Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall use 
reasonable endeavours to (a) select an Alternative Reference Entity to be the Successor in 
respect of the relevant succession and (b) select an Alternative Reference Obligation to be 
the Reference Obligation in respect of such Alternative Reference Entity after the relevant 
succession and the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the Conditions and/or 
the Issue Terms as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect such Alternative 
Reference Entity and Alternative Reference Obligation.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to 
select an Alternative Reference Entity or an Alternative Reference Obligation, then: (i) no 
Successor shall be appointed; (ii) the Affected Reference Entity to which the relevant 
succession relates shall be deemed to have ceased to be a Reference Entity; (iii) that portion 
of any interest payable which is referable to the purchase of credit protection purchased by 
the Issuer under the Securities in respect of the Affected Reference Entity shall be reduced 
accordingly as determined by the Calculation Agent; and (iv) the Calculation Agent may make 
such adjustments to the Conditions and/or the Issue Terms to account for the Successor 
Associated Costs, which may include, without limitation, reducing the Final Redemption 
Amount, Credit Event Redemption Amount, Auction Cash Settlement Amount or the Asset 
Amount (as the case may be) by an amount equal to the Successor Associated Costs, in 
each case with effect from the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the relevant 
Succession Date. 
Where: 
"Alternative Reference Entity" means an entity which satisfies both the Industry 
Requirement (other than in the case of a Sovereign) and the Spread Requirement as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Alternative Reference Obligation" means any obligation of the Alternative Reference Entity 
selected by the Calculation Agent which, as far as practicable, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent is substantially similar in economic terms to the relevant Reference 
Obligation of the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to 
this definition of "Successor".  An Alternative Reference Obligation may or may not be the 
applicable Standard Reference Obligation for the Alternative Reference Entity; 
"Industry Requirement" means an entity that is in the same industry group as the Reference 
Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to this definition of "Successor", 
as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such source(s) as it determines 
appropriate, including any international market data sources;

--- Page 607 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
607 
 
 
"Spread" means the bid-side quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent from such leading 
dealer in the credit default swap market selected by the Calculation Agent for a credit default 
swap in respect of the relevant entity with a credit protection period commencing on the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the date of the relevant Succession Date and 
ending on the Maturity Date and with the Reference Obligation(s) specified in the Issue Terms 
or Alternative Reference Obligation(s), as applicable; 
"Spread Requirement" means an entity that, as at the date of selection, has a Spread not 
greater than the Spread of the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined 
pursuant to this definition of "Successor", immediately prior to the relevant Succession Date 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
"Successor Associated Costs" means an amount per nominal amount of the Securities 
(which may not be less than zero) equal to such Securities' pro rata share of the total amount 
of any and all costs and losses associated with or incurred by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in 
connection with the Affected Reference Entity ceasing to be a Reference Entity, including, 
without limitation, any costs and losses associated with or incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
Affiliate in connection with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any 
funding relating to the Securities and/or any hedge positions (including without limitation, any 
derivative transaction) relating to the Securities, and any related costs due to costs or losses 
being incurred prior to the maturity or settlement of the Securities, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination 
determined by DC Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor 
Resolution Request Date otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of 
(i) the date on which the Successor Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a 
Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) the 
Successor Notice is delivered not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which 
the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor Resolution 
Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
that describes a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a 
Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and 
pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph  (a) of the definition of Successor above. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one 
or more Successors to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC 
Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the 
date on which such notice is effective. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision.  In relation to a 
Credit Event (and as set out in the definition of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms), 
ISDA may publish one or more form(s) of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms on its 
website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) and may amend such forms from 
time to time.  Each such form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms shall set out, 
inter alia, definitions of "Auction", "Auction Cancellation Date", "Auction Covered Transaction" 
and "Auction Final Price Determination Date" in relation to the relevant Credit Event.  The

--- Page 608 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
608 
 
 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms for purposes of the Credit Linked Notes shall be the 
relevant form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for which the Reference 
Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction (as such term will be set out in the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms).  The Reference Transaction (as set 
out in the definition thereof) is a hypothetical credit derivative transaction included in these 
Credit Terms principally for the purpose of selecting the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms appropriate to the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Asset Amount 
which, on the Physical Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent 
determines for any reason (including without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance 
system or due to any law, regulation, court order, contractual restrictions, statutory restrictions 
or market conditions but excluding the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to 
the Delivery of Consent Required Loans or Assignable Loans or non-delivery of an Asset 
Transfer Notice or any relevant information by a holder) it is impossible or illegal to Deliver on 
the Physical Settlement Date. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the 
subject of the guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case 
of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
"Valuation Date" means (a) where Partial Cash Settlement applies pursuant to paragraph  8 
(Partial Cash Settlement), the second Business Day following the Final Delivery Date or 
otherwise (b) if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms subject to 
paragraph  14 (Settlement Suspension) above, the date that is the number of Business Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms after the Credit Event Determination Date or, if the 
number of Business Days is not so specified, a Business Day selected by the Calculation 
Agent that is not less than five (5) and not more than sixty (60) Business Days after the Credit 
Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph  (a) (ii) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date above or paragraph  (b) (i) 
of the definition of Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date, the day on which the DC 
Credit Event Announcement occurs) or (c) following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement 
Method Event in respect of Auction Settled Securities for which "Cash Settlement" is specified 
as the applicable Fallback Settlement Method in the applicable Issue Terms, one or more 
dates falling on or prior to the day falling (x) the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms after the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any (as applicable) or the date of such other event giving rise to the 
Fallback Settlement Method Event or (y) if the number of Business Days is not so specified, a 
Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent (such applicable date, the Relevant Date) 
that is not less than five (5) and not more than the Maximum Number of Business Days after 
the relevant date, or (d) if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each of the following dates: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph  14 (Settlement Suspension) above, (x) the date that is the 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if the number of 
Business Days is not specified, a Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent 
that is not less than five and not more than sixty Business Days after the occurrence 
of a Credit Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date 
occurs pursuant to paragraph  (v)(ii) of the definition of Credit Event Determination 
Date above or paragraph  (v)(i) of the definition of Non-Standard Credit Event 
Determination Date, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) or 
(y) following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Method Event in respect of 
Auction Settled Securities for which "Cash Settlement" is specified as the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method in the applicable Issue Terms, the date that is the 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms after the Auction 
Cancellation Date, if any, the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any, (as

--- Page 609 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
609 
 
 
applicable) or the date of such other event giving rise to the Fallback Settlement 
Method Event or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, a Business Day 
selected by the Calculation Agent that is not less than five (5) and not more than sixty 
(60) Business Days after the relevant date; and 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with 
respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
As used above, "Maximum Number of Business Days" means 60 Business Days or such 
longer period within which the Issuer determines that it or any relevant Affiliate may receive 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
in relation to the settlement of any Hedging Arrangements in connection with the relevant 
Credit Event. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the total number 
of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, Single Valuation Date shall apply. 
"Valuation Method": 
(a) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms with 
only one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to the Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to the Valuation Date. 
(b) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Highest. 
(c) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms with 
more than one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market 
Values determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation 
Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent 
with respect to any Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest 
Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation 
Date. 
(d) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation 
Method shall be Average Highest. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs  (a) to  (d) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average 
Quotations or fewer than two Full Quotations, the Calculation Agent may at its option 
determine that the Valuation Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may be.

--- Page 610 ---
CREDIT TERMS (2014 ISDA CREDIT DERIVATIVES DEFINITIONS VERSION) 
 
 
610 
 
 
"Valuation Obligation" means (a) the Reference Obligation or (b) if the Issuer determines 
appropriate by reference to its Hedging Arrangements in respect of the Securities, any 
Deliverable Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity. For the purposes of (b), the Calculation 
Agent will select the relevant Deliverable Obligation(s) determined in accordance with the 
definition thereof and notify these to the Issuer along with the related Quotation Amount(s) on 
or prior to the relevant Valuation Date (a "Valuation Obligation Notification") provided that, 
for the purposes of the term "Deliverable Obligation" and related provisions, (i) all references 
to a PSN Effective Date or Delivery Date will be deemed to refer to the date of the Valuation 
Obligation Notification, (ii) no Physical Settlement or physical delivery of the Deliverable 
Obligations or any of the physical settlement procedures in paragraphs  2,  7 or  8 will apply, (iii) 
any reference to a Physical Settlement Notice or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice will 
be deemed to refer to a Valuation Obligation Notification, and (iv) all relevant provisions will 
be treated and construed accordingly. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no 
time is so specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Valuation Obligation. 
"Voting Shares" means those shares or other interests that have the power to elect the 
board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size 
as available but less than the Quotation Amount (but of a size at least equal to the Minimum 
Quotation Amount) that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
21 
Determinations and Calculations 
All determinations and calculations made by the Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) 
pursuant to these Credit Terms (2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions Version) shall be 
made pursuant to Warrant Condition  10, Note Condition  12 or Certificate Condition  8 (as 
applicable) and, in respect of the determination and calculation of fair market value, shall also 
be made pursuant to Warrant Condition  17, Note Condition  6(j) or Certificate Condition  3(g) 
(as applicable).

--- Page 611 ---
CURRENCY TERMS 
 
 
611 
 
 
CURRENCY TERMS 
Interpretation 
(a) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Warrants, the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Currency Linked Warrants shall comprise the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants under the Programme (the "Warrants Conditions") and the 
Currency Terms set out below (the "Currency Terms"), in each case, subject to completion 
and/or amendment by the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Warrants. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Warrants Conditions and the Currency Terms, the Currency Terms 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Warrants Conditions and the 
Currency Terms and (ii) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement shall prevail. In respect of the Warrants, references in the Currency Terms to (i) 
"Securities" and "Exempt Securities" are to the Warrants, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the 
Warrantholders, (iii) "General Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the Warrants 
Conditions and (iv) "Relevant Agents" are to the Principal Warrant Agent and any other 
Warrant Agent (as applicable).  
(b) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms of the Notes, the terms and conditions 
applicable to the Currency Linked Notes shall comprise the General Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes under the Programme (the "Notes Conditions") and the Currency Terms, in each 
case, subject to completion and/or amendment by the applicable Issue Terms of the Notes. In 
the event of any inconsistency between the Notes Conditions and the Currency Terms, the 
Currency Terms shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Notes 
Conditions and the Currency Terms and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue 
Terms shall prevail. In respect of the Notes, references in the Currency Terms to (i) 
"Securities" and "Exempt Securities" are to the Notes, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the 
Noteholders, (iii) "General Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the Notes Conditions and 
(iv) "Relevant Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Registrar (as applicable). 
(c) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Certificates, the terms 
and conditions applicable to the Currency Linked Certificates shall comprise the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates under the Programme (the "Certificates 
Conditions") and the Currency Terms, in each case, subject to completion and/or 
amendment by the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Certificates. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Certificates Conditions and the Currency Terms, the Currency 
Terms shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Certificates Conditions 
and the Currency Terms and (ii) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement shall prevail. In respect of the Certificates, references in the Currency Terms to 
(i) "Securities" and "Exempt Securities" are to the Certificates, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the 
Certificateholders, (iii) "General Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the Certificates 
Conditions and (iv) "Relevant Agents" are to the Principal Certificate Agent and any other 
Certificate Agent (as applicable).  
1. 
Interest in respect of Currency Linked Notes 
(a) 
Calculation of Interest Amounts in respect of Currency Linked Notes which are 
Alternate Currency Notes and/or FX Performance Interest Notes 
Where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Currency Linked 
Notes which are Alternate Currency Notes and/or FX Performance Interest Notes, the 
following amendments to the Notes Conditions apply: 
(i) 
The first paragraph of Condition  4(b)(i)(II) of the Notes Conditions shall be 
deleted and replaced by the following: 
"The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue

--- Page 612 ---
CURRENCY TERMS 
 
 
612 
 
 
Terms. If the Floating Rate Notes are expressed to be Range Accrual Notes 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the applicable Accrual Rate for an 
Interest Period shall be applied to the Day Count Fraction in determining the 
amount of interest due for such Interest Period as further detailed in 
Condition  4(b)(iii) below. If the Floating Rate Notes are expressed to be FX 
Performance Notes in the applicable Issue Terms, then the applicable 
Performance Factor for an Interest Period will be applied to the Interest 
Amount in determining the amount of interest due for such Interest Period as 
further detailed in Condition  4(b)(iii) beow. Unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, if the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
is a negative number, it shall be deemed to be zero.". 
(ii) 
the final sub-paragraph of the first paragraph of Condition  4(b)(iii) of the 
Notes Conditions (beginning: "and, in each case …") shall be deleted and 
replaced by the following: 
"and, in each case multiplying such amount by (i) the applicable Day Count 
Fraction and, (ii) where the Notes are Range Accrual Notes also the relevant 
Accrual Rate and/or, where the Notes are FX Performance Interest Notes, 
also the Performance Factor on the FX Valuation Date for the relevant 
Interest Payment Date."; and 
(iii) 
The following paragraph shall be inserted at the end of Condition  4(b)(iii) of 
the Notes Conditions: 
"Where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Alternate 
Currency Notes, the amount referred to above as the Interest Amount and 
determined as provided above shall be converted into the Payment Currency 
by either dividing or multiplying (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
such Interest Amount by the FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and such converted amount shall be the 
Interest Amount as otherwise used herein.". 
(iv) 
Condition  4(b)(iv) of the Notes Conditions shall be deleted and replaced by 
the following: 
"(iv) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts for Fixed Rate 
Notes which are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Alternate 
Currency Notes or FX Performance Interest Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
In respect of Fixed Rate Notes which are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be Alternate Currency Notes or FX Performance Interest Notes and 
Floating Rate Notes, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, will cause the Rate 
of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16.". 
(b) 
Calculation of Interest Amounts in respect of Currency Linked Notes which are not 
Alternate Currency Notes or FX Performance Interest Notes

--- Page 613 ---
CURRENCY TERMS 
 
 
613 
 
 
Where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Currency Linked 
Notes but which are not Alternate Currency Notes or FX Performance Interest Notes, 
the provisions relating to interest shall be as set out in the Notes Conditions and/or 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
2. 
Redemption of Currency Linked Notes 
(a) 
Calculation of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Currency Linked Notes 
which are Alternate Currency Notes and/or FX Performance Redemption Notes 
Where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Currency Linked 
Notes which are Alternate Currency Notes and/or FX Performance Redemption 
Notes, the definition of "Final Redemption Amount" set out in the defined terms 
section of the Notes Conditions shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Calculation Amount, the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Notes are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Alternate Currency Notes, the Specified Amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms shall be converted into the Payment Currency 
by either dividing or multiplying (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Specified Amount by the FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for the Maturity Date and 
such converted amount shall be the Final Redemption Amount. Where the Notes are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be FX Performance Redemption Notes, the 
Specified Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms shall be multiplied by 
the Performance Factor on the FX Valuation Date for the Maturity Date and such 
amount shall be the Final Redemption Amount.". 
(b) 
Calculation of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Currency Linked Notes 
which are not Alternate Currency Notes or FX Performance Redemption Notes 
Where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Currency Linked 
Notes but which are not Alternate Currency Notes or FX Performance Redemption 
Notes, the provisions relating to redemption of the Notes shall be as set out in the 
Note Conditions and/or the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(c) 
Calculation of any Optional Redemption Amount in respect of Currency Linked Notes 
which are Alternate Currency Notes 
Where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Currency Linked 
Notes which are Alternate Currency Notes, the definition of "Optional Redemption 
Amount" set out in the defined terms section of the Notes Conditions shall be deleted 
and replaced by the following: 
""Optional Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Calculation Amount and an 
Optional Redemption Date, the amount specified for such Optional Redemption Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms. If an Optional Redemption Price is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms for such Optional Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption 
Amount shall be determined as the Calculation Amount multiplied by such Optional 
Redemption Price. Where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Alternate Currency Notes, the Specified Amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (multiplied by the Optional Redemption Price, where applicable) shall be 
converted into the Payment Currency by either dividing or multiplying (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) the Specified Amount by the FX Rate on the FX 
Valuation Date for the relevant Optional Redemption Date and such converted 
amount shall be the Optional Redemption Amount.".

--- Page 614 ---
CURRENCY TERMS 
 
 
614 
 
 
3. 
Defined Terms for Alternate Currency Notes and FX Performance Interest Notes 
In these Currency Terms, the following definitions shall apply to Alternate Currency Notes and 
FX Performance Interest Notes: 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the FX Rate for the 
relevant FX Valuation Date will be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into consideration all available 
information that in good faith it deems relevant. 
"Disruption Fallback Provisions" means, in the event of a Price Source Disruption, each of 
Fallback Reference Price, Valuation Postponement and Calculation Agent Determination, in 
the order specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If no Disruption Fallback Provisions are 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then, in order to determine the FX Rate on the 
relevant FX Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent shall apply the following sources or 
methods for the determination of the FX Rate, in the following order: 
1) 
Valuation Postponement; 
2) 
Fallback Reference Price (if a Fallback Rate is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms); 
3) 
Fallback Survey Valuation Postponement; and 
4) 
Calculation Agent Determination. 
"Fallback Reference Price" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the FX Rate for the relevant FX Valuation Date using the alternative rate the 
fallback rate (the "Fallback Rate") specified in the applicable Issue Terms which, unless 
otherwise specified, shall be the rate of exchange of the Fallback Reference Currency for the 
Fallback Settlement Currency (expressed as the number of units of the Fallback Reference 
Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Fallback Settlement Currency can be 
exchanged) for settlement in the Fallback Settlement Period reported by the Fallback Price 
Source (or any successor determined by the Calculation Agent) by approximately the 
Fallback Valuation Time on the relevant FX Valuation Date. If such Fallback Rate is subject to 
a Price Source Disruption, the FX Rate will be determined in accordance with the next 
applicable Disruption Fallback Provision. For the purposes of this definition: "Fallback 
Reference Currency", "Fallback Settlement Currency", "Fallback Settlement Period", 
"Fallback Price Source" and "Fallback Valuation Time" shall be as defined in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Fallback Survey Valuation Postponement" means that, in the event that a relevant 
Fallback Reference Price is not available on or before the FSVP Number of Reference 
Currency Business Days (or a day that would have been a Reference Currency Business Day 
but for an Unscheduled Holiday) succeeding the end of either (i) Valuation Postponement for 
Price Source Disruption, (ii) Deferral Period for Unscheduled Holidays, or (iii) Cumulative 
Events, then the relevant FX Rate will be determined in accordance with the next applicable 
Disruption Fallback Provision on such day. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating 
to Cumulative Events, if applicable, do not preclude postponement of valuation in accordance 
with this provision. 
"FSVP Number of Reference Currency Business Days" means, in respect of an FX Rate, 
the number of days specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Initial Reference Rate" means the rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"FX Performance Notes" means Notes which are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be FX Performance Interest Notes and/or FX Performance Redemption Notes.

--- Page 615 ---
CURRENCY TERMS 
 
 
615 
 
 
"FX Rate" means, subject as provided below, the exchange rate specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if no such exchange rate is specified, the rate of exchange of the Reference 
Currency for the Settlement Currency (expressed as the number of units of the Reference 
Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Settlement Currency can be exchanged) 
for settlement in the Settlement Period reported by the Price Source by approximately the 
Valuation Time on the relevant FX Valuation Date, provided that, if a Price Source Disruption 
occurs, the Disruption Fallback Provisions will apply for the purpose of determining the FX 
Rate. 
"FX Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, an Optional Redemption 
Date or the Maturity Date and subject as provided in the definition of Valuation Postponement 
below, the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such Interest Payment Date or the 
Maturity Date, as applicable, (each a "Scheduled FX Valuation Date"), or, if any such date is 
not a Reference Currency Business Day, the immediately preceding Reference Currency 
Business Day or, in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, the immediately succeeding 
Reference Currency Business Day. 
In the event that a Scheduled FX Valuation Date is postponed due to the occurrence of an 
Unscheduled Holiday and the related FX Valuation Date has not occurred on or before the 
Maximum Days of Postponement after the Scheduled FX Valuation Date (any such period 
being a "Deferral Period"), then the next day after the Deferral Period that would otherwise 
have been a Reference Currency Business Day but for the Unscheduled Holiday, shall be 
deemed to be the relevant FX Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall the total number of 
consecutive calendar days during which either (i) valuation is deferred due to an Unscheduled 
Holiday, or (ii) a Valuation Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) and (ii) (any 
such period being "Cumulative Events")), exceed the Maximum Days of Postponement in the 
aggregate. Accordingly, upon the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement, if (x) an 
Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the next day after the Maximum 
Days of Postponement that would otherwise have been a Reference Currency Business Day 
but for the Unscheduled Holiday, then such day shall be deemed to be the relevant FX 
Valuation Date and (y) a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the 
next Reference Currency Business Day after the Maximum Days of Postponement, then the 
FX Rate will be determined in accordance with the next applicable Disruption Fallback 
Provision. 
"Maximum Days of Postponement" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the number of days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Performance Factor" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, 
an amount in respect of such Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:  
Initial Reference Rate
Valuation Reference Rate 
"Price Source" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the price source specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms or any successor determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Price Source Disruption" means, it becomes impossible to obtain the FX Rate on the 
relevant FX Valuation Date in the determination of the Calculation Agent. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in respect of an FX Rate and for the purposes of the 
definition of Reference Currency Business Day and Unscheduled Holiday, the financial center 
specified for such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Currency" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the currency specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 616 ---
CURRENCY TERMS 
 
 
616 
 
 
"Reference Currency Business Day" means, a day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of 
the foreign exchange market) in the Principal Financial Centre of the Reference Currency. 
"Settlement Currency" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the currency specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Settlement Period" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the period of time or number of days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Scheduled FX Valuation 
Date, a day that is not a Reference Currency Business Day for such FX Rate and, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the market was not aware of such fact (by means of a 
public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) until a time later 
than 9:00 a.m. local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Reference Currency two 
Reference Currency Business Days prior to the relevant Scheduled FX Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Reference Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and an Interest Payment Date 
or the Maturity Date, such FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for such Interest Payment Date 
or the Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the time specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Valuation Postponement" means, in respect of an FX Rate and an FX Valuation Date, such 
FX Rate will be determined on the Reference Currency Business Day first succeeding the day 
on which the relevant Price Source Disruption ceases to exist, unless the Price Source 
Disruption continues to exist (measured from the relevant Scheduled FX Valuation Date) for a 
consecutive number of days equal to the Maximum Days of Postponement, and in such 
event, the relevant FX Rate will be determined on the next Reference Currency Business Day 
after the Maximum Days of Postponement in accordance with the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback Provision. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall the total number of 
consecutive calendar days during which either (i) valuation is deferred due to an Unscheduled 
Holiday, or (ii) a Valuation Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) and (ii)), 
exceed the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate. Accordingly, upon the lapse of 
the Maximum Days of Postponement, if an Unscheduled Holiday occurs or a Price Source 
Disruption continues to occur on the next Reference Currency Business Day after the 
Maximum Days of Postponement, Calculation Agent Determination will apply. 
The date on which the relevant FX Rate is determined in accordance with the above shall be 
deemed to be the relevant FX Valuation Date. If the relevant FX Valuation Date is postponed 
in accordance with the above to a date falling less than two Business Days prior to the date 
on which the relevant payment was scheduled to be paid (the "Related Payment Date"), the 
Related Payment Date shall be as soon as practicable but in no event later than two Business 
Days after the relevant FX Valuation Date and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further 
interest or any other payment in relation thereto. 
4. 
Force Majeure 
If "Force Majeure Events" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
provisions in this paragraph  4 shall apply: 
(i) 
Notice of Force Majeure Event 
The Issuer shall have the right to give notice in accordance with the General Conditions at 
any time to the Securityholders if it determines that any of the following events (each a "Force 
Majeure Event") has occurred:

--- Page 617 ---
CURRENCY TERMS 
 
 
617 
 
 
(A) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities has become 
unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance by the Issuer with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority (as defined 
below) or otherwise;  
(B) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities is prevented 
or materially hindered or delayed due to either (1) any act, law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, directive, interpretation, decree or material 
legislative or administrative interference of any Government Authority or 
otherwise, or (2) the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, 
political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration 
and/or protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other 
causes or impediments beyond such party's control; 
(C) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible (1) for the Issuer or any of 
its relevant Affiliates to convert the relevant currency (the "Local Currency") 
in which the relevant currency or currencies, or basket or index of currencies, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Reference Underlying") or 
traded instruments or any options or futures contracts or other hedging 
arrangement in relation to the Reference Underlying (for the purposes of 
hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities) are denominated, into 
the Specified Currency or exchange or repatriate any funds in the Local 
Currency or the Specified Currency outside of the country in which the 
relevant Reference Underlying or any options or futures contracts in relation 
to the Reference Underlying are traded due to the adoption of, or any change 
in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or decree of 
any Government Authority or otherwise, or (2) for the Calculation Agent to 
determine a rate or (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) a 
commercially reasonable rate at which the Local Currency can be exchanged 
for the Specified Currency for payment under the Securities; 
(D) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer or any of its 
relevant Affiliates, or the Issuer or any of its relevant affiliates are otherwise 
unable, to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue to do so in 
the future) in the Reference Underlying or any options or futures contracts in 
relation to the Reference Underlying in order for the Issuer to perform its 
obligations under the Securities or in respect of any relevant hedging 
arrangements in connection with the Securities (including, without limitation, 
any purchase, sale or entry into or holding of one or more securities 
positions, currency positions, stock loan transactions, derivatives position or 
other instruments or arrangements (however described) by the Issuer (or any 
of its affiliates) in order to hedge, either individually or on a portfolio basis, the 
Securities) or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) be materially increased under the restriction; 
(E) 
any other event beyond the control of the Issuer has occurred which makes it 
impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Securities or to hedge effectively its obligations under the 
Securities or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) be materially increased; or 
(F) 
any other Additional Force Majeure Event specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
(ii) 
Issuer's Option following a Force Majeure Event 
If the Issuer decides to give notice to Securityholders of the occurrence of a Force Majeure 
Event pursuant to this paragraph  4, it shall state in such notice whether the Securities will be

--- Page 618 ---
CURRENCY TERMS 
 
 
618 
 
 
terminated pursuant to paragraph  4(iii) or whether the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities will be suspended pursuant to paragraph  4(iv). If the Issuer elects to give notice to 
Securityholders of a suspension of its obligations under the Securities pursuant to 
paragraph  4(iv), the Issuer shall nevertheless retain the right at all times to terminate the 
Securities pursuant to paragraph  4(iii) by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
the General Conditions. 
(iii) 
Termination 
Upon the Issuer's election to terminate the Securities as aforesaid (or upon expiry of the 10-
day period referred to in paragraph  4(iv)), the Issuer will, in respect of each and every 
Security, cause to be paid to the Securityholder an amount determined to be the fair market 
value of the Security as at termination (which may be zero) taking into consideration all 
information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including the circumstances that 
resulted in the occurrence of the Force Majeure Event) less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any related hedging arrangements (including but not limited to selling 
or otherwise realising the Referenced Underlying(s) or any options or futures contracts in 
relation to the Referenced Underlying(s) or any other such property), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. At the election of the Issuer, such payment may be made in the Local 
Currency in the Relevant Jurisdiction, in which case the Securityholder will have responsibility 
for establishing an account in the Relevant Jurisdiction in order to receive such payments; 
provided that if it is impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to pay such amount in 
the Relevant Jurisdiction or the relevant Securityholder does not establish the necessary 
account in the Relevant Jurisdiction to receive payment(s) in the currency the Issuer elects, 
the Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of any such amounts so affected, as 
applicable. Payment will be made, as the case may be, in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions including, if required, in an 
alternative currency. 
(iv) 
Suspension 
Upon the Issuer's election to suspend the Securities, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Securities may be suspended up until the tenth day after such Force Majeure Event shall 
cease to exist.  
(v) 
Loss 
No Securityholder will be entitled to any compensation from the Issuer for any loss suffered 
as a result of the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other 
political subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign 
exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining 
to government. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" has the meaning specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and, 
if it is not specified, it will mean the jurisdiction determined by the Calculation Agent. 
5. 
Determinations and Calculations 
All determinations and calculations made by the Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) 
pursuant to these Currency Terms shall be made pursuant to Warrant Condition  10, Note 
Condition  12 or Certificate Condition  8 (as applicable) and, in respect of the determination 
and calculation of fair market value, shall also be made pursuant to Warrant Condition  17, 
Note Condition  6(j) or Certificate Condition  3(g) (as applicable).

--- Page 619 ---
COMMODITY TERMS 
 
 
619 
 
 
COMMODITY TERMS 
Interpretation 
(a) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Warrants, the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Commodity Linked Warrants shall comprise the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Warrants under the Programme (the "Warrants Conditions") and the 
Commodity Terms set out below (the "Commodity Terms"), in each case, subject to 
completion and/or amendment by the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Warrants. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the Warrants Conditions and the Commodity Terms, the 
Commodity Terms shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Warrants 
Conditions and the Commodity Terms and (ii) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement shall prevail. In respect of the Warrants, references in the 
Commodity Terms to (i) "Securities" and "Exempt Securities" are to the Warrants, (ii) 
"Securityholders" are to the Warrantholders, (iii) "General Condition" or "General Conditions" 
are to the Warrants Conditions and (iv) "Relevant Agents" are to the Principal Warrant Agent 
and any other Warrant Agent (as applicable). 
(b) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Notes, the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Commodity Linked Notes shall comprise the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes under the Programme (the "Notes Conditions") and the Commodity 
Terms, in each case, subject to completion and/or amendment by the applicable Pricing 
Supplement of the Notes. In the event of any inconsistency between the Notes Conditions 
and the Commodity Terms, the Commodity Terms shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Notes Conditions and the Commodity Terms and (ii) the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Pricing Supplement shall prevail. In respect of 
the Notes, references in the Commodity Terms to (i) "Securities" and "Exempt Securities" are 
to the Notes, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the Noteholders, (iii) "General Condition" or "General 
Conditions" are to the Notes Conditions and (iv) "Relevant Agents" are to the Paying Agents 
and the Registrar (as applicable). 
(c) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Certificates, the terms 
and conditions applicable to the Commodity Linked Certificates shall comprise the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates under the Programme (the "Certificates 
Conditions") and the Commodity Terms, in each case, subject to completion and/or 
amendment by the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Certificates. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Certificates Conditions and the Commodity Terms, the Commodity 
Terms shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Certificates Conditions 
and the Commodity Terms and (ii) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement shall prevail. In respect of the Certificates, references in the Commodity Terms to 
(i) "Securities" and "Exempt Securities" are to the Certificates, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the 
Certificateholders, (iii) "General Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the Certificates 
Conditions and (iv) "Relevant Agents" are to the Principal Certificate Agent and any other 
Certificate Agent (as applicable). 
1. 
Adjustments to a Commodity Reference Price 
(i) 
Successor Entity Calculates and Reports a Commodity Price 
If in respect of a relevant Pricing Date either a Commodity Reference Price is (i) not 
calculated and announced by the Exchange but is calculated and announced by a successor 
entity acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor commodity price 
calculated using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Commodity 
Price, then in each case such price as so calculated (the "Successor Commodity Price") will 
be deemed to be the Commodity Reference Price.

--- Page 620 ---
COMMODITY TERMS 
 
 
620 
 
 
(ii) 
Corrections of Commodity Reference Price 
For the purposes of determining the Relevant Price for any day, if the price published or 
announced on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine a 
Commodity Reference Price is subsequently corrected and the correction is published or 
announced by the person responsible for that publication or announcement within 30 calendar 
days after the original publication or announcement (or within such other period of time 
specified in the Pricing Supplement), the Calculation Agent may at its discretion adjust the 
Final Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount (as applicable) or any other amount payable 
on the Securities as a result of that correction. 
If, with respect to the relevant Pricing Date, the Calculation Agent considers that there is in 
existence a Market Disruption Event and no Successor Commodity Price is available, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the Securities 
and, if so, shall calculate the Final Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount using, in lieu of 
a published price for that Commodity, the price for that Commodity as at the time specified on 
that Pricing Date, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into 
consideration the latest available quotation for such Commodity and any other information 
that it deems relevant. 
(iii) 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of a correction to the Commodity Reference Price or a Market 
Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions giving details of the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
2. 
Force Majeure 
If "Force Majeure Events" is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
following provisions in this paragraph  2 shall apply: 
(i) 
Notice of Force Majeure Event 
The Issuer shall have the right to give notice in accordance with the General Conditions at 
any time to the Securityholders if it determines that any of the following events (each a "Force 
Majeure Event") has occurred: 
(A) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities has become 
unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance by the Issuer with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority (as defined 
below) or otherwise; 
(B) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities is prevented 
or materially hindered or delayed due to either (1) any act, law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, directive, interpretation, decree or material 
legislative or administrative interference of any Government Authority or 
otherwise, or (2) the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, 
political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration 
and/or protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other 
causes or impediments beyond such party's control; 
(C) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible (1) for the Issuer or any of 
its relevant Affiliates to convert the relevant currency (the "Local Currency") 
in which the relevant Commodity or traded instruments or any options or 
futures contracts or other hedging arrangement in relation to the Commodity 
(for the purposes of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities) are 
denominated, into the Specified Currency or exchange or repatriate any

--- Page 621 ---
COMMODITY TERMS 
 
 
621 
 
 
funds in the Local Currency or the Specified Currency outside of the country 
in which the relevant Commodity or any options or futures contracts in 
relation to the Commodity are traded due to the adoption of, or any change 
in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or decree of 
any Government Authority or otherwise, or (2) for the Calculation Agent to 
determine a rate or (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) a 
commercially reasonable rate at which the Local Currency can be exchanged 
for the Specified Currency for payment under the Securities; 
(D) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer or any of its 
relevant Affiliates, or the Issuer or any of its relevant affiliates are otherwise 
unable, to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue to do so in 
the future) in the Commodity or any options or futures contracts in relation to 
the Commodity in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the 
Securities or in respect of any relevant hedging arrangements in connection 
with the Securities (including, without limitation, any purchase, sale or entry 
into or holding of one or more securities positions, currency positions, stock 
loan transactions, derivatives position or other instruments or arrangements 
(however described) by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) in order to hedge, 
either individually or on a portfolio basis, the Securities) or the costs of so 
doing would (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) be materially 
increased under the restriction;  
(E) 
any other event beyond the control of the Issuer has occurred which makes it 
impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Securities or to hedge effectively its obligations under the 
Securities or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) be materially increased; or 
(F) 
any other Additional Force Majeure Event specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
If an event which would otherwise (but for this provision) constitute a Force Majeure Event 
also constitutes a Market Disruption Event, then, unless "Market Disruption Event prevails" is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, it will be deemed to be a 
Market Disruption Event and will not constitute a Force Majeure Event. 
(ii) 
Issuer's Option following a Force Majeure Event 
If the Issuer decides to give notice to Securityholders of the occurrence of a Force Majeure 
Event pursuant to this paragraph  2, it shall state in such notice whether the Securities will be 
terminated pursuant to paragraph  2(iii) or whether the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities will be suspended pursuant to paragraph  2(iv). If the Issuer elects to give notice to 
Securityholders of a suspension of its obligations under the Securities pursuant to 
paragraph  2(iv), the Issuer shall nevertheless retain the right at all times to terminate the 
Securities pursuant to paragraph  2(iii) by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
the General Conditions. 
(iii) 
Termination 
Upon the Issuer's election to terminate the Securities as aforesaid (or upon expiry of the 10 
day period referred to in paragraph  2(iv)), the Issuer will, in respect of each and every 
Security cause to be paid to the Securityholder an amount determined to be the fair market 
value of the Security as at termination (which may be zero) taking into consideration all 
information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including the circumstances that 
resulted in the occurrence of the Force Majeure Event) less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any related hedging arrangements (including but not limited to selling 
or otherwise realising the Commodity/Commodities or any options or futures contracts in 
relation to the Commodity/Commodities or any other such property), all as determined by the

--- Page 622 ---
COMMODITY TERMS 
 
 
622 
 
 
Calculation Agent. At the election of the Issuer, such payment may be made in the Local 
Currency in the Relevant Jurisdiction, in which case the Securityholder will have responsibility 
for establishing an account in the Relevant Jurisdiction in order to receive such payments; 
provided that if it is impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to pay such amount in 
the Relevant Jurisdiction or the relevant Securityholder does not establish the necessary 
account in the Relevant Jurisdiction to receive payment(s) in the currency the Issuer elects, 
the Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of any such amounts so affected, as 
applicable.  Payment will be made, as the case may be, in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions including, if required, in an 
alternative currency. 
(iv) 
Suspension 
Upon the Issuer's election to suspend the Securities, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Securities may be suspended up until the tenth day after such Force Majeure Event shall 
cease to exist. 
(v) 
Loss 
No Securityholder will be entitled to any compensation from the Issuer for any loss suffered 
as a result of the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other 
political subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign 
exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining 
to government. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" has the meaning specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and, 
if it is not specified, it will mean the jurisdiction determined by the Calculation Agent. 
3. 
Definitions 
"Commodity" means the commodity specified in the relevant Commodity Reference Price or 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Commodity Business Day" means: 
(a) 
where the Commodity Reference Price is announced or published by an Exchange, 
any day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have 
been) a day on which each Exchange is open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions and notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its 
scheduled closing time; 
(b) 
in any other case, a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, 
but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price; 
"Commodity Business Day Convention" means the convention for adjusting any relevant 
date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Commodity Business Day such that if any 
date that is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with a Commodity Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Commodity Business Day, then, if the Commodity Business Day Convention specified is: 
(a) 
the Following Commodity Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Commodity Business Day;

--- Page 623 ---
COMMODITY TERMS 
 
 
623 
 
 
(b) 
the Modified Following Commodity Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Commodity Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Commodity Business Day; or; 
(c) 
the Preceding Commodity Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Commodity Business Day; 
"Commodity Reference Price" means the price specified as such in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the relevant date or 
month for delivery of the underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month reported or 
capable on being determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as 
follows: 
(a) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
that date or that month and year; 
(b) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the month of 
expiration of the relevant Futures Contract; and 
(c) 
if a method is specified for the purpose of determining the Delivery Date, the date or 
the month and year determined pursuant to that method. 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means (A) the permanent discontinuation 
of trading, in the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; (B) the 
disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract; or (C) the 
disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference 
Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the 
relevant Commodity or Futures Contract; 
"Exchange" means in relation to a Commodity or Futures Contract, each exchange or 
principal trading market for such Commodity or Futures Contract specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, any successor to such exchange or principal trading market or any 
substitute exchange or principal trading market to which trading in the Commodity or Futures 
Contract has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to such Commodity or Futures Contract on such 
temporary substitute exchange or trading market as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means a day that is (or, if Market Disruption Event is specified as 
applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, a day that but for the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event, would have been) a trading day on each relevant Exchange specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement other than a day on which trading on the relevant Exchange is 
scheduled to close prior to its regular weekday closing time; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means: 
(a) 
for the purpose of Condition  6(a) of the Notes Conditions, in respect of each 
Calculation Amount of the Commodity Linked Redemption Notes only, the Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if no such 
amount is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
in the case of a Call Commodity Linked Redemption Note as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, 
ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
 × ܥ݈ܽܿݑ݈ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ

--- Page 624 ---
COMMODITY TERMS 
 
 
624 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Put Commodity Linked Redemption Note as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, 
ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁ × ܥ݈ܽܿݑ݈ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ 
provided always that the Final Redemption Amount shall in no event be less than 
zero. The Final Redemption Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal 
places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the Specified 
Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half of one unit) being rounded 
upwards. In relation to a Note, where the Specified Denomination of a Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Final Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding; and 
(b) 
means, in respect of Commodity Linked Certificates and each Calculation Amount, 
the amount specified as such in the Certificates Conditions as amended by the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract for 
future delivery of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the 
Commodity referred to in that Commodity Reference Price; 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the issue date of the Securities of 
a material change in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or 
Futures Contract; 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the issue date of the Securities 
of a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price; 
"Market Disruption Event" means in respect of a relevant Commodity and as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, the occurrence or existence of a Price Source Disruption, Trading 
Disruption, Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price, Material Change in Formula, 
Material Change in Content and/or Tax Disruption; 
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery 
Date and a Pricing Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that 
numerical adjective, so that, for example: (A) "First Nearby Month" means the month of 
expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; (B) "Second 
Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to expire 
following that Pricing Date etc.; 
"Pricing Date" means each date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, such date(s) 
being subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Commodity Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, if any; 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an 
Exchange) containing (or reporting) the Relevant Price (or prices from which the Relevant 
Price is calculated) specified in the relevant Commodity Reference Price; 
"Price Source Disruption" means (A) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish 
the Relevant Price (or the information necessary for determining the Relevant Price) for the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price; (B) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of the Price Source; or (C) if the Relevant Price is specified as being obtained 
from Reference Dealers, the failure to obtain at least three quotations as requested from the 
relevant Reference Dealers;

--- Page 625 ---
COMMODITY TERMS 
 
 
625 
 
 
"Relevant Price" means, in respect of any Commodity, the price of such Commodity 
calculated in accordance with the relevant Commodity Reference Price definition as set out in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, 
sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, the relevant Commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by 
reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the 
Issue Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the 
Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing Date from what it would have 
been without that imposition, change or removal; 
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed 
on, trading in the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract on the Exchange or in any 
additional futures contract, options contract or commodity on any Exchange as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Commodity on any Commodity Business Day shall 
be deemed to be material only if: 
(i) 
all trading in the Commodity or Futures Contract is suspended for the entire 
Pricing Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the Commodity is suspended subsequent to the opening of 
trading on the Pricing Date, trading does not recommence prior to the 
regularly scheduled close of trading in such Commodity or Futures Contract 
on such Pricing Date and such suspension is announced less than one hour 
preceding its commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the Commodity on any Commodity Business Day shall be 
deemed to be material only if the Relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range 
within which the price of the Commodity may fluctuate and the closing or settlement 
price of the relevant Commodity on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that 
range. 
4. 
Determinations and Calculations 
All determinations and calculations made by the Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) 
pursuant to these Commodity Terms shall be made pursuant to Warrant Condition  10, Note 
Condition  12 or Certificate Condition  8 (as applicable) and, in respect of the determination 
and calculation of fair market value, shall also be made pursuant to Warrant Condition  17, 
Note Condition  6(j) or Certificate Condition  3(g) (as applicable).

--- Page 626 ---
INDEX TERMS 
 
 
626 
 
 
INDEX TERMS 
Interpretation 
(a) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Warrants, the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Index Linked Warrants shall comprise the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants under the Programme (the "Warrants Conditions") and the Index 
Terms, in each case, subject to completion and/or amendment by the applicable Pricing 
Supplement of the Warrants.  In the event of any inconsistency between the Warrants 
Conditions and the Index Terms set out below (the "Index Terms"), the Index Terms shall 
prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Warrants Conditions and the Index 
Terms and (ii) the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Pricing Supplement shall 
prevail.  In respect of the Warrants, references in the Index Terms to (i) "Securities" and 
"Exempt Securities" are to the Warrants, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the Warrantholders, (iii) 
"General Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the Warrants Conditions and (iv) "Relevant 
Agents" are to the Principal Warrant Agent and any other Warrant Agent (as applicable).  
(b) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Notes, the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Index Linked Notes shall comprise the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes under the Programme (the "Notes Conditions") and the Index Terms 
set out below (the "Index Terms"), in each case, subject to completion and/or amendment by 
the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Notes.  In the event of any inconsistency between 
the Notes Conditions and the Index Terms, the Index Terms shall prevail.  In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Notes Conditions and the Index Terms and (ii) the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the applicable Pricing Supplement shall prevail. In respect of the Notes, 
references in the Index Terms to (i) "Securities" and "Exempt Securities" are to the Notes, (ii) 
"Securityholders" are to the Noteholders, (iii) "General Condition" or "General Conditions" are 
to the Notes Conditions and (iv) "Relevant Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Registrar 
(as applicable). 
(c) 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement of the Certificates, the terms 
and conditions applicable to the Index Linked Certificates shall comprise the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Certificates under the Programme (the "Certificates Conditions") and 
the Index Terms, in each case, subject to completion and/or amendment by the applicable 
Pricing Supplement of the Certificates.  In the event of any inconsistency between the 
Certificates Conditions and the Index Terms, the Index Terms shall prevail.  In the event of 
any inconsistency between (i) the Certificates Conditions and the Index Terms and (ii) the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Pricing Supplement shall prevail.  In respect of 
the Certificates, references in the Index Terms to (i) "Securities" and "Exempt Securities" are 
to the Certificates, (ii) "Securityholders" are to the Certificateholders, (iii) "General Condition" 
or "General Conditions" are to the Certificates Conditions and (iv) "Relevant Agents" are to 
the Principal Certificate Agent and any other Certificate Agent (as applicable). 
1. 
Adjustments to an Index 
(i) 
Successor Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Sponsor specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement but is calculated and announced by a successor 
sponsor (the "Successor Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (B) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in 
the calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Index") 
will be deemed to be the relevant Index.

--- Page 627 ---
627 
 
 
(ii) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (A) on or prior to any Valuation Date or (if applicable) an Averaging Date, as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant Sponsor makes or 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the 
event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation, contracts or commodities 
and other routine events) (an "Index Modification") or permanently cancels the 
Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation"), or (B) on any 
Valuation Date or (if applicable) an Averaging Date, the Sponsor or (if applicable) the 
Successor Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an "Index 
Disruption" and, together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each 
an "Index Adjustment Event") then (x) the Calculation Agent shall determine if such 
Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall 
calculate the Reference Price and any other prices or levels relevant to the Securities 
and make such determinations as may be appropriate using, in lieu of a published 
level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Valuation Date or (if applicable) an Averaging Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in 
effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those Index 
Components that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment 
Event, (y) replace the affected Index with another index selected by the Calculation 
Agent at its discretion or (z) if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to 
make such an adjustment, the Issuer may, having given not more than 30 nor less 
than 15 days' notice to Securityholders in accordance with the General Conditions, 
redeem the Securities at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
representing their fair market value on such day as the Calculation Agent shall select. 
(iii) 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of an adjustment to an Index as set out above, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with 
the General Conditions giving details of the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
2. 
Force Majeure 
If "Force Majeure Events" is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
following provisions in this paragraph  2 shall apply: 
(i) 
Notice of Force Majeure Event 
The Issuer shall have the right to give notice in accordance with the General 
Conditions at any time to the Securityholders if it determines that any of the following 
events (each a "Force Majeure Event") has occurred: 
(A) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities has become 
unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance by the Issuer with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority (as defined 
below) or otherwise; 
(B) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities is prevented 
or materially hindered or delayed due to either (1) any act, law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, directive, interpretation, decree or material 
legislative or administrative interference of any Government Authority or 
otherwise, or (2) the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, 
political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration

--- Page 628 ---
INDEX TERMS 
 
 
628 
 
 
and/or protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other 
causes or impediments beyond such party's control; 
(C) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible (1) for the Issuer or any of 
its relevant Affiliates to convert the relevant currency (the "Local Currency") 
in which the relevant Index or traded instruments or any options or futures 
contracts or other hedging arrangement in relation to the Index (for the 
purposes of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Securities) are 
denominated, into the Specified Currency or exchange or repatriate any 
funds in the Local Currency or the Specified Currency outside of the country 
in which the relevant Index or any options or futures contracts in relation to 
the Index are traded due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or decree of any Government 
Authority or otherwise, or (2) for the Calculation Agent to determine a rate or 
(in the determination of the Calculation Agent) a commercially reasonable 
rate at which the Local Currency can be exchanged for the Specified 
Currency for payment under the Securities; 
(D) 
it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer or any of its 
relevant Affiliates, or the Issuer or any of its relevant affiliates are otherwise 
unable, to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue to do so in 
the future) in the Index or any options or futures contracts in relation to the 
Index in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Securities or 
in respect of any relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the 
Securities (including, without limitation, any purchase, sale or entry into or 
holding of one or more securities positions, currency positions, stock loan 
transactions, derivatives position or other instruments or arrangements 
(however described) by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) in order to hedge, 
either individually or on a portfolio basis, the Securities) or the costs of so 
doing would (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) be materially 
increased under the restriction;  
(E) 
any other event beyond the control of the Issuer has occurred which makes it 
impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Securities or to hedge effectively its obligations under the 
Securities or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) be materially increased; or 
(F) 
any other Additional Force Majeure Event specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.  
If an event which would otherwise (but for this provision) constitute a Force Majeure Event 
also constitutes a Market Disruption Event, then, unless "Market Disruption Event prevails" is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, it will be deemed to be a 
Market Disruption Event and will not constitute a Force Majeure Event. 
(ii) 
Issuer's Option following a Force Majeure Event 
If the Issuer decides to give notice to Securityholders of the occurrence of a Force Majeure 
Event pursuant to this paragraph  2, it shall state in such notice whether the Securities will be 
terminated pursuant to paragraph  2(iii) or whether the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities will be suspended pursuant to paragraph  2(iv). If the Issuer elects to give notice to 
Securityholders of a suspension of its obligations under the Securities pursuant to 
paragraph  2(iv), the Issuer shall nevertheless retain the right at all times to terminate the 
Securities pursuant to paragraph  2(iii) by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
the General Conditions. 
(iii) 
Termination

--- Page 629 ---
629 
 
 
Upon the Issuer's election to terminate the Securities as aforesaid (or upon expiry of the 10 
day period referred to in paragraph  2(iv)), the Issuer will, in respect of each and every 
Security, cause to be paid to the Securityholder an amount determined to be the fair market 
value of the Security as at termination (which may be zero) taking into consideration all 
information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including the circumstances that 
resulted in the occurrence of the Force Majeure Event) less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any related hedging arrangements (including but not limited to selling 
or otherwise realising the Index/Indices or any options or futures contracts in relation to the 
Index/Indices or any other such property), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. At the 
election of the Issuer, such payment may be made in the Local Currency in the Relevant 
Jurisdiction, in which case the Securityholder will have responsibility for establishing an 
account in the Relevant Jurisdiction in order to receive such payments; provided that if it is 
impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to pay such amount in the Relevant 
Jurisdiction or the relevant Securityholder does not establish the necessary account in the 
Relevant Jurisdiction to receive payment(s) in the currency the Issuer elects, the Issuer shall 
not be obliged to make payment of any such amounts so affected, as applicable. Payment will 
be made, as the case may be, in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with the General Conditions including, if required, in an alternative currency. 
(iv) 
Suspension 
Upon the Issuer's election to suspend the Securities, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Securities may be suspended up until the tenth day after such Force Majeure Event shall 
cease to exist.  
(v) 
Loss 
No Securityholder will be entitled to any compensation from the Issuer for any loss suffered 
as a result of the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event.   
For the purposes hereof: 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other 
political subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign 
exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining 
to government. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" has the meaning specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and, 
if it is not specified, it will mean the jurisdiction determined by the Calculation Agent. 
3. 
Definitions 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Certificate or Warrant, each date specified as an 
Averaging Date in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if such date is not in respect of an 
Index, a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such 
Index unless Disrupted Day is specified as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement and, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of such 
Index. If such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of an Index then: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to relate to a 
single Index, the relevant Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case (i) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Averaging Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Price in the manner set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or not practicable, determine the 
Reference Price by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that

--- Page 630 ---
INDEX TERMS 
 
 
630 
 
 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day of each Index Component comprised in the Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Index 
Component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to relate to a 
Basket of Indices, the relevant Averaging Date for each Index not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Averaging Date and the 
relevant Averaging Date for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day (each an "Affected Index") shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Index, unless each of the eight 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Index. In that case (i) that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Averaging Date for the Affected 
Index (notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day), and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Price using, in relation to the 
Affected Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day of each Index Component comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Index Component on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day). 
"Disrupted Day" means, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Exchange" means, in relation to an Index each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for such Index in the applicable Pricing Supplement, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Index 
Components comprising such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the Index Components 
comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time.  
"Final Redemption Amount" means: 
(a) 
for the purpose of Condition  6(a) of the Notes Conditions, in respect of each 
Calculation Amount of the Index Linked Redemption Notes only, the Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if no such 
amount is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
in the case of a Call Index Linked Redemption Note as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, 
ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
 × ܥ݈ܽܿݑ݈ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ; ݋ݎ

--- Page 631 ---
631 
 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Put Index Linked Redemption Note as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, 
ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܲݎ݅ܿ݁ × ܥ݈ܽܿݑ݈ܽݐ݅݋݊ ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ; ݋ݎ 
as determined by the Calculation Agent provided always that the Final Redemption 
Amount shall in no event be less than zero. The Final Redemption Amount will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the 
nearest whole unit), in the Specified Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese 
Yen, half of one unit) being rounded upwards. In relation to a Note, where the 
Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding; and 
(b) 
means, in respect of Index Linked Certificates and each Calculation Amount, the 
amount specified as such in the Certificates Conditions as amended by the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
"Index Components" means, in relation to an Index, the securities, commodities, contracts or 
other matters (including other indices) by reference to which the level of the Index is from time 
to time calculated. 
"Indices" and "Index" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph  1 above, 
the indices or index specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an Index: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence at any time of: 
(i) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: 
(A) 
on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Index Components that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index; or 
(B) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any 
relevant Related Exchange; or 
(ii) 
any event (other than an event described in  (b) below) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, on any relevant Exchange(s), Index Components that comprise 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, or (B) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the 
relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange, 
which, in either case of  (i) or  (ii) above, the Calculation Agent determines is material; 
or

--- Page 632 ---
INDEX TERMS 
 
 
632 
 
 
(b) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
Index Components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant 
Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of an 
Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of an Index 
Component included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that Index Component to the level of the Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (i) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Index 
Component and (ii) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the 
occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
"Reference Price" means the Reference Price as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or, if no such price is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to relate to a 
single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the Specified 
Currency (or in the case of Warrants, the Settlement Currency) on the same basis as 
the Strike Price) equal to the official closing level of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or, if a Valuation Time other than the Scheduled Closing Time is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the level of the Index determined by 
the Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on the Valuation Date or (if Averaging 
is specified in the Pricing Supplement) an Averaging Date, as the case may be (as 
defined below), without regard to any subsequently published correction; or 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to relate to a 
Basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the 
Specified Currency (or in the case of Warrants, the Settlement Currency) on the 
same basis as the Strike Price) equal to the sum of the values calculated for each 
Index as the official closing level of each Index as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (or, if a Valuation Time other than the Scheduled Closing Time is specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the level of each Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on the Valuation Date or (if Averaging is 
specified in the Pricing Supplement) an Averaging Date, as the case may be, without 
regard to any subsequently published correction, multiplied by the relevant Multiplier 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Index in the applicable Pricing Supplement, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided, however, that 
where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, Related Exchange shall mean each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market 
for futures or options contracts relating to such Index. 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions.

--- Page 633 ---
633 
 
 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Strike Price" means the level or number specified as such in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"Valuation Date" means the date (or each date) specified as such in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or, if such date is not in respect of an Index, a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day in respect of such Index unless Disrupted Day is specified 
as applying in the applicable Pricing Supplement and, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Index. If such day is a Disrupted Day in 
respect of an Index then: 
(a) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to relate to a 
single Index, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case 
(i) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Reference Price in the manner set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if not set out or not practicable, determine the Reference Price 
by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day of each Index Component comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Index Component on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day); or 
(b) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to relate to a 
Basket of Indices, the Valuation Date for each Index not affected by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Valuation Date for 
each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Index") 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Index, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the 
Affected Index. In that case (i) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to 
be the Valuation Date for the Affected Index (notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day), and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Price 
using, in relation to the Affected Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time 
on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method 
of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day of each Index Component comprised in that Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Index 
Component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant Index Component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day). 
"Valuation Time" means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange 
on the relevant Valuation Date or (if Averaging is specified in the Pricing Supplement) an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation to each Index to be valued. If the relevant 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such 
actual closing time.

--- Page 634 ---
INDEX TERMS 
 
 
634 
 
 
4. 
Determinations and Calculations 
All determinations and calculations made by the Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) 
pursuant to these Index Terms shall be made pursuant to Warrant Condition  10, Note 
Condition  12 or Certificate Condition  8 (as applicable) and, in respect of the determination 
and calculation of fair market value, shall also be made pursuant to Warrant Condition  17, 
Note Condition  6(j) or Certificate Condition  3(g) (as applicable).

--- Page 635 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
 
635 
 
 
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
Interpretation 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms of the Notes, the terms and conditions 
applicable to the Pass-through Linked Notes shall comprise the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes under the Programme (the "Notes Conditions") and the Pass-through Terms set out below 
(the "Pass-through Terms"), in each case subject to completion and/or amendment by the applicable 
Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Notes Conditions and the Pass-through 
Terms, the Pass-through Terms shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Notes 
Conditions and the Pass-through Terms and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue 
Terms shall prevail. In respect of the Notes, references in the Pass-through Terms to (i) "General 
Condition" or "General Conditions" are to the Notes Conditions, (ii) "these Terms and Conditions" or 
"Conditions" are to the Notes Conditions as amended and/or supplemented by the Pass-through 
Terms and (iii) "Relevant Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Registrar (as applicable). 
These Pass-through Terms refer to a holding of a Reference Obligation by a Reference Holder. Such 
references are hypothetical and do not require or imply that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates will 
maintain a holding of the Reference Obligation. In circumstances where any such entity does maintain 
such a holding, the Calculation Agent may nevertheless refer to such holding in order to make 
relevant determinations under these Pass-through Terms, but holders of Notes will not in any 
circumstances have any rights in respect of any such holding.  
If two or more of the adjustment or delay provisions in paragraphs 4 to 6 (each inclusive) below may 
apply to the same event or circumstance, the Calculation Agent may elect which of such provisions to 
apply, provided that the application by the Calculation Agent of any one of such provisions shall not 
prevent the subsequent application of any other of such provisions by the Calculation Agent in respect 
of (i) the same event or circumstance or (ii) any different event or circumstance that arise, from time to 
time. 
1. 
Payment of Interest Amounts and the Final Redemption Amount 
Subject to the provisions of paragraphs  2,  3,  4,  5 and  6 below: 
(i) 
the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder on each Interest Payment Date in respect of 
each unit or nominal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an 
amount in the Specified Currency (which shall not be less than zero) determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the Interest Amount; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer will redeem each Note by paying, in respect of each unit or nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount in the Specified 
Currency (which shall not be less than zero) determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
2. 
Early Termination following an Early Termination Event 
Subject to paragraph  3,  4,  5 and  6 below, if an Early Termination Determination Date has 
occurred in respect of an Early Termination Event other than an Inconvertibility/Non-
Transferability or a CNY Inconvertibility/Non-Transferability, the Issuer shall give notice (such 
notice a "Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders as soon as practicable in accordance with 
the Notes Conditions, and, subject to these Pass-through Terms, redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes on the Early Termination Redemption Date at an amount in the Specified 
Currency (which shall not be less than zero) determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Early Termination Amount.

--- Page 636 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
636 
 
 
3. 
Partial Early Termination following a Partial Redemption of the Reference Asset 
Subject to the provisions of paragraphs  4,  5 and  6 below, if in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent an Amortisation Event will occur or has occurred, the Issuer will partially or 
fully redeem each Note by paying, in respect of each unit or nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, the Amortisation Amount on the relevant Amortisation Date. The 
nominal amount of each Note will be deemed to be reduced as of the Amortisation Date by its 
pro rata share of the aggregate principal amount of the Reference Asset redeemed or repaid 
in connection with the relevant Amortisation Event save for purposes of any references to a 
unit or nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount for which purposes the 
original nominal amount will be deemed to continue to apply.  
4. 
Alternate Settlement 
If (i) an Early Termination Determination Date has occurred in respect of an Early Termination 
Event that is an Inconvertibility/Non-Transferability or a CNY Inconvertibility/Non-
Transferability or (ii) an Inconvertibility/Non-Transferability or a CNY Inconvertibility/Non-
Transferability occurs after a Settlement Notice is given under paragraph 2 above, the Issuer 
shall give notice to the Noteholders as soon as practicable in accordance with the Notes 
Conditions and, in respect of each unit or nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount, the Issuer will redeem all but not some only of the Notes by paying (or cause to be 
paid) such Note’s pro rata share of the Early Termination Local Currency Sale Proceeds 
minus any Adjustment Amount to a Local Currency account as the Noteholder may specify on 
the fifth Business Day following the Final Sale Date, or, if later, the first date on which the 
Issuer is able to arrange payment following receipt of the Noteholder’s Local Currency 
account details. In the notice to the Noteholders specified above, the Issuer will require each 
Noteholder to provide to the Issuer (or as it directs) details of a Local Currency account into 
which the Issuer may pay the relevant Local Currency amount due to the Noteholder. If the 
Issuer is unable to procure such payment in a commercially reasonable manner, the Issuer 
shall use reasonable efforts to realize value for such Note’s pro rata share of the Early 
Termination Local Currency Sale Proceeds minus any Adjustment Amount in such a way that 
such value can be transferred to the Noteholder (or such other entity that the Noteholder may 
specify and is acceptable to the Issuer in its reasonable discretion) as soon as possible after 
the Final Sale Date provided that if payment of each Note’s pro rata share of the Early 
Termination Local Currency Sale Proceeds minus any Adjustment Amount or payment of the 
value in respect of each Note’s pro rata share of the Early Termination Local Currency Sale 
Proceeds minus Adjustment Amount cannot be completed prior to the day that is 365 days 
after the Final Sale Date, the Issuer’s obligations with respect to such payment and in respect 
of the Notes will be extinguished, and the Issuer shall have no other liability or obligation 
whatsoever in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Maturity Date Extension 
(a) 
Grace Periods 
If an Early Termination Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the 
Maturity Date but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Failure to 
Pay has occurred with respect to the Reference Obligation in respect of which a 
Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (and such 
Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at that date), then the Calculation Agent may (at 
its option) notify the Noteholders in accordance with the Notes Conditions that a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and that the maturity of the Notes will be 
delayed and: 
(i) 
where a Potential Failure to Pay is fully cured on or prior to the Grace Period 
Extension Date, each unit or nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount on the second Business Day following the Reference

--- Page 637 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
 
637 
 
 
Obligation Final Redemption Date (the "Grace Period Deferred Maturity 
Date"); or 
(ii) 
where a Potential Failure to Pay has not been fully cured on or prior to the 
Grace Period Extension Date and an Early Termination Determination Date 
has occurred, the provisions of paragraph  2 (Early Termination following an 
Early Termination Event) above shall apply to the Notes. 
(iii) 
Save for any payment of an Interest Amount for which the relevant Interest 
Payment Date arises on or prior to the Grace Period Deferred Maturity Date, 
no interest shall accrue or be payable by the Issuer to Noteholders as a result 
of any delay of the maturity of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph  5. 
(b) 
Other deferrals of the Maturity Date 
The following provisions may, for the avoidance of doubt, be applied on more than 
one occasion. 
If on or prior to (A) the Maturity Date or (B) if applicable, the Grace Period Extension 
Date, as the case may be, an Early Termination Determination Date has not occurred 
but in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an Early Termination Event may have 
occurred or may occur, the Calculation Agent may (at its option) notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with the Note Conditions that redemption of the Notes has 
been postponed to a date (the "Deferred Maturity Date") specified in such notice 
falling 21 calendar days after, respectively, the Maturity Date or the Grace Period 
Extension Date, as the case may be, and: 
(i) 
if an Early Termination Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the 
Deferred Maturity Date then subject as provided below, each unit or nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed by the 
Issuer by payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Deferred Maturity 
Date; or 
(ii) 
if an Early Termination Determination Date has occurred on or prior to the 
Deferred Maturity Date, no payment shall be made on the Deferred Maturity 
Date and the provisions of paragraph  2 (Early Termination following an Early 
Termination Event) above shall apply to the Notes, 
Save for any payment of an Interest Amount for which the relevant Interest Payment 
Date arises on or prior to the Deferred Maturity Date, no interest shall accrue or be 
payable by the Issuer to Noteholders as a result of any delay of the maturity of the 
Notes pursuant to this paragraph  5. 
6. 
Force Majeure, Merger Event and Reference Obligation changes 
If "Force Majeure Events" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
provisions in this paragraph  6 shall apply and will continue to apply notwithstanding the 
occurrence of any Early Termination Determination Date for so long as the Notes are 
outstanding.  
(i) 
Notice of Force Majeure Event 
The Issuer shall have the right to give notice in accordance with the Notes Conditions 
at any time to the Noteholders if it determines that any of the following events (each a 
"Force Majeure Event") has occurred: 
(a) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes has become 
unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance by the Issuer with any

--- Page 638 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
638 
 
 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
interpretation, directive or decree of any Government Authority (as defined 
below) or otherwise; 
(b) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes is prevented or 
materially hindered or delayed due to either (1) any act, law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order, interpretation, directive, decree or material legislative or 
administrative interference of any Government Authority or otherwise, or (2) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political 
insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration and/or 
protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other causes or 
impediments beyond the Issuer's control; or 
(c)  
any other event beyond the control of the Issuer has occurred which makes it 
impracticable, illegal or impossible for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Notes or to hedge effectively its obligations under the Notes or the 
costs of so doing would (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) be 
materially increased. 
(ii) 
Issuer's Option following a Force Majeure Event 
If the Issuer decides to give notice to Noteholders of the occurrence of a Force 
Majeure Event pursuant to this paragraph  6, it shall state in such notice whether the 
Notes will be terminated in whole or in part pursuant to paragraph  6(iii) or whether the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes will be suspended pursuant to paragraph  6(iv). 
The notice may also state any adjustments the Issuer deems necessary in its 
discretion to make to the Notes to give effect to any such consequence which the 
Issuer is then entitled to make. If the Issuer elects to give notice to Noteholders of a 
suspension of its obligations under the Notes pursuant to paragraph  6(iv), the Issuer 
shall nevertheless retain the right at all times to terminate the Notes in whole or in 
part pursuant to paragraph 6(iii) by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
the Notes Conditions. 
(iii) 
Termination 
Upon the Issuer's election to terminate the Notes as aforesaid in whole or in part, the 
Issuer will, in respect of each Note cause to be paid to the Noteholder an amount 
determined to be the fair market value of the Note (or part thereof) as at termination 
(which may be zero) taking into consideration all information which the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant (including the circumstances that resulted in the occurrence of 
the Force Majeure Event) less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
the Hedging Arrangements in whole or in part (if any) (including if applicable but not 
limited to selling or otherwise realising the Reference Obligation or any options or 
futures contracts in relation to the Reference Obligation or any other such property), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. At the election of the Issuer, such 
payment may be made in the Reference Currency in the Relevant Jurisdiction, in 
which case the Noteholder will have responsibility for establishing an account in the 
Relevant Jurisdiction in order to receive such payments; provided that if it is 
impracticable or unlawful for the Issuer to pay such amount in the Relevant 
Jurisdiction or the relevant Noteholder does not establish the necessary account in 
the Relevant Jurisdiction to receive payment(s) in the currency the Issuer elects, the 
Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of any such amounts so affected, as 
applicable. Payment will be made, as the case may be, in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with the Notes Conditions.

--- Page 639 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
 
639 
 
 
(iv) 
Suspension 
Upon the Issuer's election to suspend the Notes or provisions in respect of part 
thereof, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes may be suspended up until 
the tenth day after such Force Majeure Event shall cease to exist. 
(v) 
Loss 
No Noteholder will be entitled to any compensation from the Issuer for any loss 
suffered as a result of the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event including any 
suspension pursuant to paragraph  6 (iv). 
(vi) 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If "Merger Event" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, in the event that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the Notes Conditions, and redeem 
all but not some only of the Notes and pay in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount the fair market value of such Calculation 
Amount at termination as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into 
consideration all information it determines relevant less the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any Hedging Arrangements. The Issuer will notify the timing 
of such early redemption to Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this paragraph 6: 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government; any province or 
other political subdivision thereof; any body, agency or ministry; any taxing, monetary, 
foreign exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality; and any 
other entity exercising; executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative 
functions of or pertaining to government. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the 
Trade Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date either (A) the Issuer or the Reference 
Entity (any such entity, the "Mergor") consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges 
into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to (i) where the Mergor is the 
Issuer, the Reference Entity or (ii) where the Mergor is the Reference Entity, the 
Issuer, or (B) the Issuer and the Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" has the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms or 
if it is not specified, it will mean any jurisdiction determined by the Calculation Agent 
as having a connection with the Local Currency and/or Hedging Arrangements (if 
any). 
(vii) 
Changes to the Reference Obligations 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any material change would occur in a 
Reference Holder’s holding of the Reference Obligation (as described in the definition 
of Reference Asset) for any reason, which may without limitation include an 
adjustment or substitution of the Reference Obligation, in each case whether or not 
pursuant to the Reference Obligation Terms and whether or not an Early Termination 
Event occurs, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) as it determines 
appropriate to these Pass-through Terms to reflect such material change which may 
without limitation include adjusting the definitions of Reference Obligation and 
Reference Asset.

--- Page 640 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
640 
 
 
7. 
Calculation Agent Notices, certain provisions relating to timing and payment timing 
and non-exclusive use of certain provisions hereof  
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer pursuant to these Pass-
through Terms may be given in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by 
telephone.  Any such notice will be effective when given, regardless of the form in which it is 
delivered.  A notice given by telephone will be deemed to have been delivered at the time the 
telephone conversation takes place.  If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written 
confirmation will be executed and delivered confirming the substance of that notice within one 
Business Day of that notice.  Failure to provide that written confirmation will not affect the 
effectiveness of that telephonic notice. 
For the purposes of determining the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these 
Pass-through Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the demarcation of days by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Calculation Agent determines the Reference 
Entity has a material connection to any jurisdiction for these purposes, local time of the 
relevant jurisdiction) irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred.  Any event 
occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
In addition, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case 
may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment 
shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Entity has a material connection to any 
jurisdiction for these purposes, local time of the relevant jurisdiction), irrespective of the time 
zone of its place of payment. 
The application of any of paragraph  2,  3,  4,  5 or  6 above shall, for the avoidance of doubt, not 
preclude the application of any other such paragraph either contemporaneously or 
subsequently and in the event that any such paragraphs are inconsistent or the Calculation 
Agent becomes entitled to exercise a discretion under one or more of such paragraphs, the 
Calculation Agent may elect in its discretion which paragraph shall apply and under which 
paragraph or paragraphs it shall exercise its discretion. All determinations and calculations 
made by the Issuer or Calculation Agent (as applicable) pursuant to these Pass-through 
Terms shall be made pursuant to Note Condition 12 and, in respect of the determination and 
calculation of fair market value, shall be made pursuant to Note Condition 6(j). 
8. 
Amendments to the Notes Conditions  
For the purpose of Pass-through Linked Notes the following amendments to the Conditions of 
the Notes will be made: 
(a) 
Condition 6(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) 
The words "together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption" appearing in the second paragraph of Condition 6(b) (Redemption for 
Tax Reasons) shall be deleted and replaced with the following “and no Interest 
Amount will be payable on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date fixed for redemption (or if none the 
Issue Date) unless the date fixed for redemption is an Interest Payment Date, in 
which case no Interest Amount will be payable after such date”. 
(b) 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) 
The words "together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of payment” appearing 
in the second last line of the last paragraph of Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be 
deleted and replaced with the following “no Interest Amount will be payable on any 
Interest Payment Date falling after the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the date fixed for redemption (or if none the Issue Date) unless the date fixed for

--- Page 641 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
 
641 
 
 
redemption is an Interest Payment Date, in which case no Interest Amount will be 
payable after such date”. 
(c) 
Conditions 4(a) to 4(c) (Interest) will not apply. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the Note Conditions, for the purpose of Condition 
6(b) and Condition 9 in the Notes Conditions, the Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of each nominal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be 
determined by reference to the provisions in Condition 6(e) of the Notes Conditions, 
provided that if "Adjustment for Hedging Costs" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Early Redemption Amount will be adjusted to take 
account of any Adjustment Amount. 
9. 
Definitions 
“Adjustment Amount” means, without double counting, in respect of any payment to 
Noteholders pursuant to these Pass-through Terms,  an amount in either (i) the Specified 
Currency or (ii) with respect to paragraph 4 (Alternate Settlement) only, the Local Currency, 
equal to the aggregate amount of losses, costs and expenses that that Calculation Agent 
determines has then arisen or that the Issuer or its Affiliates have suffered in relation to the 
Hedging Arrangements. These may include without limitation any of: 
(a) 
any losses, costs of funds or borrowing costs to (i) unwind or terminate all or any part 
of any Hedging Arrangements, or (ii) settle or re-establish any Hedging 
Arrangements; or 
(b) 
amounts or costs payable by the Issuer (or its Affiliates) arising from any of the 
following events:  
(i) 
the imposition or change in the interpretation or implementation of any taxes 
(including but not limited to withholding taxes, business taxes, conversion 
taxes and sales taxes), duties, reserves, charges (whether such taxes, duties 
or governmental charges were imposed before, on or after the Trade Date), 
withholding or deduction by the government of the Reference Jurisdiction or 
any Governmental Authority that adversely affects the Issuer (or any of its 
Affiliates), including but not limited to any taxes, duties, reserves, charges, 
withholding or deduction imposed on any interest or principal payments in 
respect of the Reference Obligation or in connection with the sale of the 
Reference Obligation prior to its maturity date; 
(ii) 
the imposition of any costs, taxes, duties or governmental charges (whether 
such costs, taxes, duties or governmental charges were imposed before, on 
or after the Trade Date) in connection with the conversion into the Specified 
Currency of (a) the Reference Asset Coupon Amount, (b) the Reference 
Asset Sale Proceeds or Reference Asset Redemption Amount as applicable 
or (c) Early Termination Local Currency Sale Proceeds, Reference Asset 
Amortisation Amount or such other Local Currency amount to be converted 
into the Specified Currency under the terms of the Notes; 
(iii) 
any delay in receipt by a Reference Holder of any interest or principal in 
respect of the Reference Obligation after its scheduled payment date. 
If a cost or expense described above is incurred by the Issuer or its Affiliates in the Local 
Currency, other than for the purposes of paragraph  4 (Alternate Settlement) this will be 
converted into the Specified Currency by the Calculation Agent at the relevant FX Rate. 
If a cost or expense described above is incurred by the Issuer or its Affiliates in the Specified 
Currency, for the purposes of paragraph  4 (Alternate Settlement) only, this will be converted

--- Page 642 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
642 
 
 
into the Local Currency by the Calculation Agent at the relevant FX Rate determined on the 
basis of section (c) of such definition but as though references therein to the Local Currency 
were to the Specified Currency and references to the Specified Currency were to the Local 
Currency. 
“Amortisation Amount” means, with respect to each unit or nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to (1) such Note’s pro rata share of the quotient of (i) the Reference Asset 
Amortisation Amount (as numerator) and (ii) the FX Rate (as denominator), minus (2) any 
Adjustment Amount. 
“Amortisation Date” means the day falling the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms immediately following the relevant Reference Obligation Amortisation 
Date or if not specified in the applicable Issue Terms two (2) Business Days immediately 
following each Reference Obligation Amortisation Date. 
“Amortisation Event” means an early redemption or early repayment of principal (howsoever 
described) in whole or in part of the Reference Obligation for any reason, save where this 
constitutes an Early Termination Event.  
"Bankruptcy" means the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its 
debts as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-
up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within 30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof or before the Maturity 
Date, whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party 
maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 30 calendar days thereafter or before the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs  (a) to  (g) above (inclusive).

--- Page 643 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
 
643 
 
 
"CNY Inconvertibility/Non-Transferability" means the determination by the Calculation 
Agent of the occurrence of any event that hinders, limits or restricts (including without 
limitation by way of delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange): 
(a) 
(i) the manner (as compared to the Trade Date) in which CNY may be converted into 
Specified Currency through any customary legal channel in an Offshore CNY Centre; 
or (ii) the free exchange of CNY into Specified Currency (whether for an exchange of 
the full or partial CNY amount) in an Offshore CNY Centre; or 
(b) 
the manner (as compared to the Trade Date) in which CNY may be delivered, 
remitted, transferred or repatriated (i) between or to accounts inside an Offshore CNY 
Centre or (ii) from Mainland China to accounts in an Offshore CNY Centre or to a 
party that is a non-resident of Mainland China. 
Where: 
"Mainland China" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, 
Macau and Taiwan).  
"Offshore CNY Centre" means any jurisdiction(s) outside Mainland China which 
provides for the purchase, sale, lending, borrowing, clearing or settlement of 
deliverable offshore CNY.  
"CNY" means the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China payable by 
transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in accordance with the applicable 
laws and regulations at a bank either in Mainland China or in an Offshore CNY 
Centre. 
"Early Termination Amount" means in respect of each unit or nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, such Notes' pro rata share of an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal (1) to the quotient of (a) the Early Termination Local Currency Sale Proceeds 
(as numerator) and (b) the FX Rate (as denominator) minus (2) any Adjustment Amount. 
"Early Termination Determination Date" means with respect to an Early Termination Event 
the first date on which an effective Early Termination Notice has been delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer. 
"Early Termination Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the Early 
Termination Events specified in the applicable Issue Terms which may include Bankruptcy, 
Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, 
Restructuring, Governmental Intervention, Inconvertibility / Non-Transferability, Hedging 
Disruption, CNY Inconvertibility / Non-Transferability and/or any additional Early Termination 
Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Early Termination Event, such occurrence will 
constitute a Early Termination Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or 
indirectly from or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(i) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into 
the Reference Obligation; 
(ii) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect 
to the Reference Obligation, however described; 
(iii) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or

--- Page 644 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
644 
 
 
(iv) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
"Early Termination Local Currency Sale Proceeds" means an amount in the Local 
Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the net sale proceeds that would be 
received by the Reference Holder (after the deduction of any taxes, duties, assessments, 
governmental charges, costs, losses or expenses that would be incurred by the Reference 
Holder in connection with the sale) when selling the Reference Asset during the Early 
Termination Sale Period. Where practicable it will be deemed that the Reference Holder 
would effect such sale by seeking firm bid quotations for the Reference Asset from the 
number of dealers specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no such number is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, four (4) dealers, which deal in obligations of the type of the 
Reference Obligation during the Early Termination Sale Period and shall use the highest firm 
bid quotation obtained on the first Business Day during the Early Termination Sale Period on 
which a firm bid quotation is obtained. If the Reference Holder would be unable to obtain any 
firm bid quotation during the Early Termination Sale Period, or if for any reason no sale of the 
Reference Assets could be effected during the Early Termination Sale Period, the Early 
Termination Local Currency Sale Proceeds shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner as the net amount that would be 
realisable for the Reference Asset during the Early Termination Sale Period.  In the event the 
Calculation Agent determines that no amount could be realised or that the net amount 
realisable would be zero or less than zero, then the Early Termination Local Currency Sale 
Proceeds shall be deemed to be zero.  
"Early Termination Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which 
the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes an Early 
Termination Event that occurred (i) on or after the Trade Date and (ii) on or prior to the 
Extension Date. 
Any Early Termination Notice that describes a Early Termination Event that occurred after the 
Maturity Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace 
Period Extension Date. 
An Early Termination Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination that an Early Termination Event has occurred. The Early 
Termination Event that is the subject of the Early Termination Notice need not be continuing 
on the date the Early Termination Notice is effective. 
"Early Termination Redemption Date" means the second Business Day following the Final 
Sale Date. 
"Early Termination Sale Period" means the period from but excluding the Early Termination 
Determination Date to and including the Final Sale Date. 
"Extension Date" means the later of: 
(a) 
the Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date. 
as applicable. 
"Failure to Pay" means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the 
failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments under the 
Reference Obligation Terms, in accordance with the terms of the Reference Obligation at the 
time of such failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is 
a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental

--- Page 645 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
 
645 
 
 
Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and 
(b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then 
such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination 
itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable 
(as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of 
such redenomination.  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, with respect to each unit or nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to such Note’s pro rata share of (1) the quotient of (i) the Reference 
Asset Sale Proceeds or Reference Asset Redemption Amount, as specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms (as numerator) and (ii) the FX Rate (as denominator), minus (2) any 
Adjustment Amount. 
"Final Sale Date" means the day that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, or if not specified in the relevant Issue Terms 10 Business Days, 
following but excluding the Early Termination Determination Date. 
"FX Rate" means (a) if payments under the Reference Obligation are made in the Specified 
Currency, one (1), otherwise (b) the FX Rate specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (c) if no 
such rate is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Local Currency/Specified Currency spot 
rate of exchange (expressed as the number of Local Currency per one (1) unit of the 
Specified Currency) at which the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates, as applicable) would 
be able to convert into the Specified Currency (i) the Reference Asset Coupon Amount, (ii) 
the Reference Asset Sale Proceeds or the Reference Asset Redemption Amount, (iii) the 
Early Termination Local Currency Sale Proceeds, (iv) Reference Asset Amortisation Amount 
or (v) such other Local Currency amount to be converted into the Specified Currency for value 
on or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date, Early Termination 
Redemption Date or Amortisation Date or other relevant date on which the Issuer needs to 
make payments in the Specified Currency to the Noteholders under the terms of the Notes. 
“Governmental Authority” means 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof; 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some of all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in 
paragraphs  (a) to  (c) above. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to the Reference Obligation, any one 
or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made 
by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law 
or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference 
Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for 
under the terms of the Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination);

--- Page 646 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
646 
 
 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of the Reference Obligation, 
causing the subordination of the Reference Obligation to any other obligation 
of the Reference Entity; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs  (a) to  (c) above. 
"Grace Period" means the applicable grace period with respect to payments under and in 
accordance with the terms of the Reference Obligation in effect as of the date as of which the 
Reference Obligation is issued or incurred. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the 
date of such Potential Failure to Pay.  
"Hedging Arrangements" means any underlying or related transaction(s), asset(s) or 
arrangements (which may include, without limitation, deposits and/or other funding 
arrangements and hedges in respect of any such funding arrangement) the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates may enter into or hold from time to time directly or indirectly in connection with 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means the determination by the Calculation Agent that (a) the Issuer 
or any Affiliate is unable for any reason whatsoever, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), or (b) it has become impracticable, illegal or impossible for the 
Issuer or any of its relevant Affiliates to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue 
to do so in the future) in the Reference Obligation or any options or futures contracts or 
hedging assets in relation to the Reference Obligation in order for the Issuer to perform its 
obligations under the Notes or in respect of any relevant Hedging Arrangements or the costs 
of so doing would (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) be materially increased. 
"Inconvertibility/Non-Transferability" means the determination by the Calculation Agent of 
the occurrence of:  
(i) 
in the case of any Local Currency, including CNY, any event that hinders, limits or 
restricts (including without limitation by way of delay, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange): 
(a) 
as compared to circumstances as at the Trade Date, (i) the manner in which 
the Local Currency may be converted into the Specified Currency through 
any customary legal channel in the Reference Jurisdiction; or (ii) the 
availability of the Specified Currency through any customary legal channel in 
the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) the free exchange of the Local Currency 
into the Specified Currency (whether for an exchange of the full or partial 
Local Currency amount) in relation to any amount which the Issuer or any

--- Page 647 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
 
647 
 
 
Affiliate would need to convert into the Specified Currency to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes) in the Reference Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
the manner, as compared to circumstances as at the Trade Date, in which (i) 
the Specified Currency may be delivered (A) between or to accounts inside 
the Reference Jurisdiction or (B) from accounts inside the Reference 
Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or to a party that is 
non-resident of the Reference Jurisdiction or (ii) Local Currency may be 
delivered (A) between or to accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction or (B) 
to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-
resident of the Reference Jurisdiction; and/or 
(ii) 
the unavailability of the Specified Currency in any legal exchange market in the 
Reference Jurisdiction in accordance with normal commercial practice. 
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date and in respect of each unit 
or nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount in the Specified 
Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to such Note’s pro rata share of the 
quotient of (i) Reference Asset Coupon Amount in respect of the related Reference Asset 
Coupon Amount Payment Date preceding such Interest Payment Date (as numerator) and (ii) 
the FX Rate (as denominator), minus (2) any Adjustment Amount. 
"Interest Payment Date" means each day falling the number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms immediately following each Reference Asset Coupon Amount 
Payment Date or if not specified in the applicable Issue Terms two (2) Business Days 
immediately following each Reference Asset Coupon Amount Payment Date.  
"Local Currency" means the currency in which the Reference Obligation's interest and 
principal amounts are payable. 
“Maturity Sale Period” means the period from and including, the date falling the number of 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if not specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, four (4) Business Days, prior to the Maturity Date to, and including, the date falling two 
(2) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means the Reference Obligation becomes due and payable 
before it would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the 
occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference 
Entity. 
"Obligation Default" means the Reference Obligation becomes capable of being declared 
due and payable before it would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on 
the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar condition or event 
(however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the 
Reference Entity. 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and 
where due, any payments under the Reference Obligation, in accordance with the terms of 
the Reference Obligation at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to the Reference 
Obligation. 
"Reference Asset" means (i) in the absence of and prior to any consolidation of a Tranche 
with any other Tranches to form a single Series, at any time a holding of a Reference 
Obligation with an aggregate principal or nominal amount equal to the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Tranche of Notes then outstanding and (ii) following the consolidation of a 
Tranche with any other Tranches to form a single Series, at any time a holding of a Reference

--- Page 648 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
648 
 
 
Obligation with an aggregate principal or nominal amount equal to the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Series of Notes then outstanding. 
“Reference Asset Amortisation Amount" means an amount in the Local Currency 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the net amount (after the deduction of any costs, 
taxes, duties or government charges whether such costs, taxes, duties or government 
charges were imposed before, on or after the Trade Date, including but not limited to 
withholding taxes) of the principal payments that would actually be received by a Reference 
Holder in respect of any termination, redemption, repayment or repurchase of the Reference 
Obligation on the relevant Reference Obligation Amortisation Date. For these purposes the 
term “repurchase” may include without limitation any tender offer by or on behalf of the 
Reference Entity if and to the extent the Calculation Agent determines it is consistent with the 
Hedging Arrangements for the Notes and regardless of whether or not all holders of the 
Reference Obligation accept the tender offer. 
"Reference Asset Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Reference Asset Coupon 
Amount Payment Date, an amount in the Local Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the net amount (after the deduction of any costs, taxes, duties, or government 
charges whether such costs, taxes, duties or government charges were imposed before, on 
or after the Trade Date, including but not limited to withholding taxes) that would actually be 
received by a Reference Holder of the Reference Asset as interest or as a periodic amount 
other than any repayment of principal (howsoever described) on such date. 
"Reference Asset Coupon Amount Payment Date" means each interest or periodic 
payment date of the Reference Obligation, adjusted in accordance with the applicable 
business day convention and payment day convention in the Reference Obligation Terms 
(howsoever described) or, if later, the day on which the Reference Holder would actually 
receive the relevant Reference Asset Coupon Amount. 
"Reference Asset Documents" means the constitutive and/or governing documents and/or 
other agreements in respect of a Reference Asset specifying the terms and conditions, in 
each case howsoever described, relating to the relevant Reference Asset, as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time. 
"Reference Asset Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Local Currency calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the net amount (after the deduction of any costs, taxes, 
duties or government charges whether such costs, taxes, duties or government charges were 
imposed before, on or after the Trade Date, including but not limited to withholding taxes) of 
any principal payments that would actually be received by a Reference Holder on the 
Reference Asset in respect of a repayment or redemption of the Reference Asset on the 
Reference Obligation Final Redemption Date. 
"Reference Asset Sale Proceeds" means an amount in the Local Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the net sale proceeds that would be received by the Reference 
Holder (after the deduction of any taxes, duties, assessments, governmental charges, costs, 
losses or expenses that would be incurred by the Reference Holder in connection with the 
sale) when selling the Reference Asset during the Maturity Sale Period. Where practicable it 
will be deemed that the Reference Holder would effect such sale by seeking firm bid 
quotations for the Reference Asset from the number of dealers specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, or if no such number is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, four (4) dealers, 
which deal in obligations of the type of the Reference Obligation during the Maturity Sale 
Period and shall use the highest firm bid quotation obtained on the first Business Day during 
the Maturity Sale Period on which a firm bid quotation is obtained. If the Reference Holder 
would be unable to obtain any firm bid quotation for the Reference Asset during the Maturity 
Sale Period, or if for any reason no sale of the Reference Assets could be effected during the 
Maturity Sale Period, the Reference Asset Sale Proceeds shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as the net 
amount that would be realisable for the Reference Asset during the Maturity Sale Period. In 
the event the Calculation Agent determines that no amount could be realisable or that the net

--- Page 649 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
 
649 
 
 
amount realised would be zero or less than zero, then Reference Asset Sale Proceeds will be 
deemed to be zero.   
"Reference Entity" means the primary obligor of the Reference Obligation from time to time 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Holder" means, in relation to a Reference Asset, an investor in or holder of (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation) such Reference 
Asset which is deemed to have the benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant 
Reference Asset Documents, of an investor in or holder of such Reference Asset at the 
relevant time and deemed to be resident or organised in and is deemed to be subject to the 
relevant tax laws and regulations in the Reference Holder Jurisdiction. 
“Reference Holder Jurisdiction” means the jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Reference Jurisdiction” means the jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Reference Obligation” means the obligation specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Where the context so requires, any reference in these Pass-through Terms to a 
Reference Obligation in the singular will be deemed to refer to Reference Obligations in the 
plural. 
"Reference Obligation Amortisation Date" means a scheduled or unscheduled principal 
redemption or repayment date, in each case other than the scheduled final maturity date of 
the Reference Obligation and howsoever described, or, if later, the day on which the 
Reference Holder would actually receive the relevant Reference Asset Amortisation Amount, 
adjusted in accordance with the applicable business day convention and payment day 
convention under the Reference Obligation Terms. 
“Reference Obligation Currency” means the currency in which the Reference Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Reference Obligation Final Redemption Date" means the final maturity date of the 
Reference Obligation, adjusted in accordance with the applicable business day convention 
and payment day convention in the Reference Obligation Terms (howsoever described) or, if 
later, the day on which the Reference Holder would actually receive the relevant Reference 
Asset Redemption Amount.  
“Reference Obligation Terms” means the terms and conditions of the Reference Obligation 
as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event where an authorised officer of 
the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(a) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, the Reference Obligation; or 
(b) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or 
de jure, with respect to the Reference Obligation. 
"Restructuring" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, any one or more of the 
following events occurs in a form that binds all holders of the Reference Obligation, is agreed 
between the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders 
of the Reference Obligation to bind all the holders of the Reference Obligation, or is 
announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a 
form that binds all holders of the Reference Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of 
bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the

--- Page 650 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
650 
 
 
terms of the Reference Obligation in effect as of the later of the Trade Date and the date as of 
which the Reference Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of the Reference Obligation, causing 
the subordination of the Reference Obligation to any other obligation of the Reference 
Entity; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean 
the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(A) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation to the 
Reference Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the 
European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(B) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the 
redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a freely 
available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency 
existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the 
rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by 
reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(C) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs  (a) to  (e) above due to an administrative adjustment, 
accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(D) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs  (a) to  (e) above in circumstances where such event 
does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that 
in respect of paragraph  (e) above only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required 
where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as 
a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under paragraphs  (a) to  (e) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of

--- Page 651 ---
PASS-THROUGH TERMS 
 
 
 
651 
 
 
the bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations 
immediately following such exchange. 
“Scheduled Maturity Date” means the Maturity Date specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 652 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
652 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless (i) otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms or (ii) the relevant Issue Terms specifies the 
relevant Series of Securities as being "Sustainability Bonds", "Green Bonds" or "Social Bonds" 
(together, "ESG Bonds"), the net proceeds of the issuance of each Series of Securities will be applied 
by the relevant Issuer for general funding purposes, including making a profit and/or hedging 
certain risks. 
ESG Bonds  
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies that a Series of Securities are "Sustainability Bonds", "Green 
Bonds", or "Social Bonds", then, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant 
Issuer will use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Securities to fund eligible 
projects in eligible sustainable, green, or social sectors, respectively (as further described within the 
Group's sustainability bond framework, which may be amended from time to time at the sole 
discretion of the Group (the "Framework"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Framework is 
available on the following webpage: https://av.sc.com/corp-en/content/docs/sustainability-bond-
framework.pdf. Investors should note that no notification will be provided to investors as to any 
amendment to the Framework that may be made from time to time. 
Within the current Framework, the Group has set out its intention to track the use of such proceeds 
via its internal information systems, and provide a 'progress report' (i.e. a report which, as currently 
described in the Framework, is prepared to update investors on the allocation of the net proceeds of 
an issuance of each Series of Securities to eligible projects in respect of that Series of Securities) on 
at least an annual basis. In addition, the Group sets out within the current Framework its intention to 
obtain a 'pre-issuance verification report' (i.e. a report which may be obtained prior to the issuance of 
a Series of Securities) if required in respect of any relevant Series of Securities, and make such report 
available on its website. Each Issuer also intends to engage an independent reviewer to 
independently review each progress report and opine (by way of an 'opinion') on its continued 
conformity with the Framework. Each Issuer intends to make each progress report and the related 
opinions available on its website.  
In connection with the Framework, the Group appointed Sustainalytics UK Limited, a provider of 
environmental, social and governance research and analysis, to evaluate the Framework and the 
alignment thereof with relevant market standards and to provide its views on how impactful and 
credible the Framework is (the "Second Party Opinion"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Second Party Opinion (which is dated 4 January 2021) is available on the following webpage: 
https://av.sc.com/corp-en/content/docs/sustainability-bond-framework-second-opinion.pdf. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Framework, the Second Party Opinion, any progress reports, 
any pre-issuance verification reports or any related opinions are, nor shall they be deemed to be, 
incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 653 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
653 
 
 
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in 
the Issuer's country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor 
receives from the Securities. 
GENERAL 
The following comments are intended only as a general guide to certain limited United States, 
United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Ireland, Singapore and Dubai International Financial Centre 
("DIFC") tax considerations and do not purport to be a complete analysis of all potential tax 
consequences relating to the Securities in those jurisdictions. Some aspects may not apply to 
certain classes of persons (such as managers, dealers or persons connected with the relevant 
Issuer) to whom special rules may apply.  The comments are based on current law and on 
what is understood to be current practice, both of which may change, possibly with retroactive 
effect. These comments are intended to be for information purposes only and are not intended 
to be, nor should they be regarded as, legal or tax advice.  The precise tax treatment of 
Securityholders for each issue will depend on the terms of a particular Security, as specified in 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Securities as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms or, in respect of Exempt Securities, amended and supplemented by the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.  Further statements regarding the tax treatment of particular classes of 
Securityholder in respect of any issue of Exempt Securities may be contained in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. Prospective Securityholders should obtain their own professional tax 
advice in all relevant jurisdictions about their particular tax treatment in relation to such 
Security. 
Potential purchasers of Securities should carefully consider Condition  7 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants and Notes and Condition 5 of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates which provides that the Issuer of the relevant Securities shall not be required to gross up 
or otherwise increase any payment made on or in respect of the Securities which is required to be 
made subject to any tax, duty, deduction, withholding or other payment. 
No obligation to gross-up payments 
Potential purchasers of Securities should be aware that none of SCB, SCBHK or SCBSL is obliged to 
gross up or otherwise increase any payment in respect of any Security which is subject to deduction 
or withholding in any jurisdiction. Accordingly, should any such deduction or withholding be or become 
applicable to any such payment by SCB, SCBHK or SCBSL in respect of any Security, then the actual 
amount received by the Securityholder may be less than it would have been in the absence of such 
deduction or withholding. Pursuant to the terms of any applicable double taxation treaty or domestic 
legislation, a Securityholder who receives a payment which has been subject to a deduction or 
withholding, may be able to claim repayment of or a credit in respect of the amount withheld or 
deducted. 
Any provisions relating to payment of Exercise Expenses by the relevant Warrantholder in connection 
with the exercise of the Warrants or payment of Delivery Expenses by the relevant Noteholder on 
physical delivery of the Asset Amount(s), in either case, set out in this Base Prospectus, any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering document or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement should be considered carefully by all potential purchasers of Securities. 
1. United States Taxation44 
The following is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the 
acquisition, ownership and disposition of Securities by: in the case of Part A, a U.S. Holder (as 
defined below) and in the case of Part B, a Non-U.S. Holder (as defined below). This summary does 
                                                   
44  
Subject to further U.S. tax review.

--- Page 654 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
654 
 
 
not address the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of every type of Security which may 
be issued under the Programme, and, if not contained herein, additional or modified disclosure 
concerning the material U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such type of Security as 
appropriate may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering 
document or, in respect of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement. This summary deals 
only with purchasers of Securities that will hold the Securities as capital assets. The discussion does 
not cover all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to, or the actual tax effect 
that any of the matters described herein will have on, the acquisition, ownership or disposition of 
Securities by particular investors, and does not address state, local, foreign or other tax laws, the 
Medicare contribution tax on net investment income, special tax accounting rules that apply to accrual 
basis taxpayers under Section 451(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code") or alternative minimum tax considerations. This summary also does not discuss all of the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to certain types of investors subject to special treatment under 
the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as financial institutions, insurance companies, individual 
retirement accounts and other tax-deferred accounts, tax-exempt organisations, dealers in securities 
or currencies, investors that will hold the Securities as part of straddles, hedging transactions or 
conversion transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes or U.S. Holders whose functional 
currency is not the U.S. dollar). Moreover, the summary deals only with Securities with a term of 30 
years or less. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning Securities with a longer term 
may, where applicable, be discussed in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant 
offering document or, in respect of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of Securities that is, for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created 
or organised under the laws of the United States or any State thereof, (iii) an estate the income of 
which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source or (iv) a trust if a court within 
the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one 
or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has 
elected to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in a partnership that holds Securities will depend 
on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are 
partnerships should consult their tax adviser concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to 
their partners of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Securities by the partnership. 
The summary is based on the tax laws of the United States including the Code, its legislative history, 
existing and proposed regulations thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, all as of the date 
hereof and all subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Bearer Securities are not being offered to U.S. Holders. A U.S. Holder who owns a Bearer Security 
may be subject to limitations under United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in 
sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Code. 
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF OWNING THE 
SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN 
AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW. 
Part A – U.S. Holders 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Characterisation of the Securities 
The characterisation of a Series or Tranche of Securities may be uncertain and will depend on the 
terms of those Securities. The determination of whether an obligation represents debt, equity, or 
some other instrument or interest is based on all the relevant facts and circumstances. There may be 
no statutory, judicial or administrative authority directly addressing the characterisation of some of the 
types of Securities that are anticipated to be issued under the Programme or of instruments similar to 
such Securities.

--- Page 655 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
655 
 
 
With respect to the Notes and Certificates, depending on the terms of a particular Series or Tranche 
of Notes or Certificates, such Notes or Certificates may not be characterised as debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes despite the form of the Notes and Certificates as debt instruments. For example, 
Notes or Certificates of a Series or Tranche may be more properly characterised as collateralised put 
options, prepaid forward contracts or some other type of financial instrument. With respect to the 
Warrants, although the matter is not free from doubt, and there is no controlling authority, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable offering document or Pricing Supplement, the Issuers intend to 
take the position that the Warrants will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as an "open 
transaction" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Issuers and, by a U.S. Holder's purchasing a 
Warrant or an interest therein, the U.S. Holder agree to treat the Warrants as an "open transaction" as 
discussed in more detail under “Warrants Treated as an Open Transaction”. 
Additional alternative characterisations may also be possible. Further possible characterisations, if 
applicable, may be discussed in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering 
document or, in respect of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
No rulings will be sought from the United States Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") regarding the 
characterisation of any of the Securities issued hereunder for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Each 
holder should consult its own tax adviser about the proper characterisation of the Securities for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and consequences to such holder of acquiring, owning or disposing of 
the Securities. 
In addition, in certain cases Notes may be issued out of SCB’s New York branch (the “U.S. Branch”), 
the consequences of which are described in more detail below.  If Notes are issued out of the U.S. 
Branch, that will be specified in the relevant offering document or, in respect of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. The Issuers do not intend to issue Certificates or Warrants out of the 
U.S. Branch. 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Securities Treated as Debt 
The following summary applies to Securities that are properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. 
Payments of Interest 
General 
Interest on a Security, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a currency, composite currency or basket of 
currencies other than U.S. dollars (a "foreign currency"), other than interest on a "Discount Security" 
that is not "qualified stated interest" (each as defined below under "Original Issue Discount — 
General"), will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, 
depending on the holder's method of accounting for tax purposes. Interest paid by the relevant Issuer 
on Securities issued by a branch or office outside the United States (a "Non-U.S. Branch") and OID, 
if any, accrued with respect to such Securities (as described below under "Original Issue Discount") 
will generally constitute income from sources outside the United States. Interest paid by SCB on 
Securities issued out of the U.S. Branch and OID, if any, accrued with respect to such Securities will 
generally constitute income from sources within the United States.  Prospective purchasers should 
consult their tax advisers concerning the applicability of the foreign tax credit and source of income 
rules to income attributable to the Securities. 
Effect of United Kingdom and Singapore Withholding Taxes 
As discussed in "United Kingdom Taxation" and "Singapore Taxation", under current law payments of 
interest in respect of the Securities may be subject to U.K. or Singapore withholding taxes. For U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders would be treated as having actually received the amount 
of U.K. or Singapore taxes withheld by the relevant Issuer with respect to a Security, and as then 
having actually paid over the withheld taxes to the U.K. or Singapore taxing authorities. As a result of 
this rule, the amount of interest income included in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
by a U.S. Holder with respect to a payment of interest may be greater than the amount of cash

--- Page 656 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
656 
 
 
actually received (or receivable) by the U.S. Holder from the relevant Issuer with respect to the 
payment. 
Subject to certain limitations, a U.S. Holder will generally be entitled to a credit against its U.S. federal 
income tax liability, or a deduction in computing its U.S. federal taxable income, for U.K. or Singapore 
taxes withheld by the relevant Issuer. For purposes of the foreign tax credit limitation, foreign source 
income is classified in one of two "baskets", and the credit for foreign taxes on income in any basket is 
limited to U.S. federal income tax allocable to that income. Interest and OID (defined below) generally 
will constitute foreign source income in the "passive income" basket. In certain circumstances a U.S. 
Holder may be unable to claim foreign tax credits (and may instead be allowed deductions) for U.K. or 
Singapore taxes imposed on a payment of interest if the U.S. Holder has not held the Securities for at 
least 16 days during the 31-day period beginning on the date that is 15 days before the date on which 
the right to receive the payment arises. Since a U.S. Holder may be required to include OID on the 
Securities in its gross income in advance of any withholding of U.K. taxes from payments attributable 
to the OID (which would generally occur when the Security is repaid or redeemed), a U.S. Holder may 
not be entitled to a credit or deduction for these U.K. taxes in the year the OID is included in the U.S. 
Holder's gross income, and may be limited in its ability to credit or deduct in full the U.K. or Singapore 
taxes in the year those taxes are actually withheld by the Issuer. Prospective purchasers should 
consult their tax advisers concerning the foreign tax credit implications of the payment of these U.K. or 
Singapore taxes. 
Original Issue Discount 
General 
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Securities issued with original issue discount ("OID"). 
A Security, other than a Security with a term of one year or less (a "Short-Term Security"), will be 
treated as issued with OID (a "Discount Security") if the excess of the Security's "stated redemption 
price at maturity" over its issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of 
the Security's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its 
maturity). An obligation that provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest 
before maturity (an "instalment obligation") will be treated as a Discount Security if the excess of the 
Security's stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 per 
cent. of the Security's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity 
of the Security. A Security's weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts 
determined for each payment on a Security (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the 
number of complete years from the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, 
the numerator of which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Security's 
stated redemption price at maturity. Generally, the issue price of a Security will be the first price at 
which a substantial amount of Securities included in the issue of which the Security is a part is sold to 
persons other than bond houses, brokers, or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of 
underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity of a Security 
is the total of all payments provided by the Security that are not payments of "qualified stated 
interest". A "qualified stated interest" payment is generally any one of a series of stated interest 
payments on a Security that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with 
certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), or a variable rate (in the circumstances 
described below under "Variable Interest Rate "), applied to the outstanding principal amount of the 
Security. Solely for the purposes of determining whether a Security has OID, the relevant Issuer will 
be deemed to exercise any call option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the Security and 
the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option that has the effect of increasing the yield on 
the Security. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Securities must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield 
method before the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and will generally have to include in 
income increasingly greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Securities. The amount of 
OID includible in income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Security is the sum of the daily portions of 
OID with respect to the Discount Security for each day during the taxable year or portion of the 
taxable year on which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Security ("accrued OID"). The daily portion

--- Page 657 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
657 
 
 
is determined by allocating to each day in any "accrual period" a pro rata portion of the OID allocable 
to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a Security may be of any length selected by the 
U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Security as long as (i) no accrual period is 
longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Security occurs 
on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period 
equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount Security's adjusted issue price at the beginning of 
the accrual period and the Discount Security's yield to maturity (determined on the basis of 
compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual 
period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Security allocable to the 
accrual period. The "adjusted issue price" of a Discount Security at the beginning of any accrual 
period is the issue price of the Security increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior 
accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Security 
that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Security for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all 
amounts payable on the Security after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated 
interest, but in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being "acquisition premium") and 
that does not make the election described below under "Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue 
Discount", is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the 
excess of the U.S. Holder's adjusted basis in the Security immediately after its purchase over the 
Security's adjusted issue price and the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts 
payable on the Security after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over 
the Security's adjusted issue price. 
Short-Term Securities 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Security is not required to 
accrue OID (as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes unless it elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the 
interest is received). Accrual basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue 
OID on Short-Term Securities on a straight-line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the 
constant-yield method (based on daily compounding). In the case of a U.S. Holder not required and 
not electing to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on the sale or retirement of the 
Short-Term Security will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line basis 
(unless an election is made to accrue the OID under the constant-yield method) through the date of 
sale or retirement. U.S. Holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term 
Securities will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term 
Securities in an amount not exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realised. 
For the purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a 
Short-Term Security are included in the Short-Term Security's stated redemption price at maturity. A 
U.S. Holder may elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Security as if the Short-Term Security had 
been originally issued to the U.S. Holder at the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Short-Term 
Security. This election will apply to all obligations with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the 
U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies and may not 
be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Fungible Issue 
The relevant Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of outstanding Securities, issue additional 
Securities with identical terms. These additional Securities, even if they are treated for non-tax 
purposes as part of the same series as the original Securities, may in some cases be treated as a 
separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such a case, the additional Securities may be 
considered to have been issued with OID even if the original Securities had no OID, or the additional 
Securities may have a greater amount of OID than the original Securities. These differences may 
affect the market value of the original Securities if the additional Securities are not otherwise 
distinguishable from the original Securities.

--- Page 658 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
658 
 
 
Market Discount 
A Security, other than a Short-Term Security, generally will be treated as purchased at a market 
discount (a "Market Discount Security") if the Security's stated redemption price at maturity or, in the 
case of a Discount Security, the Security's "adjusted issue price", exceeds the amount for which the 
U.S. Holder purchased the Security by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Security's stated redemption price 
at maturity or adjusted issue price, respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the 
Security's maturity (or, in the case of a Security that is an instalment obligation, the Security's 
weighted average maturity). If this excess is not sufficient to cause the Security to be a Market 
Discount Security, then the excess constitutes "de minimis market discount". For this purpose, the 
"adjusted issue price" of a Security generally equals its issue price, increased by the amount of any 
OID that has accrued on the Security and decreased by the amount of any payments previously made 
on the Security that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Under current law, any gain recognised on the maturity or disposition of a Market Discount Security 
(including any payment on a Security that is not qualified stated interest) will be treated as ordinary 
income to the extent that the gain does not exceed the accrued market discount on the Security. 
Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Security may elect to include market discount in 
income currently over the life of the Security. This election will apply to all debt instruments with 
market discount acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to 
which the election applies. This election may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. A U.S. 
Holder of a Market Discount Security that does not elect to include market discount in income 
currently will generally be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase 
or carry a Market Discount Security that is in excess of the interest and OID on the Security includible 
in the U.S. Holder's income, to the extent that this excess interest expense does not exceed the 
portion of the market discount allocable to the days on which the Market Discount Security was held 
by the U.S. Holder. 
Under current law, market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to 
accrue the market discount on a constant-yield method. This election applies only to the Market 
Discount Security with respect to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
Variable Interest Rate Securities 
Securities that provide for interest at variable rates ("Variable Interest Rate Securities") generally 
will bear interest at a "qualified floating rate" and thus will be treated as "variable rate debt 
instruments" under Treasury regulations governing accrual of OID. A Variable Interest Rate Security 
will qualify as a "variable rate debt instrument" if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total 
noncontingent principal payments due under the Variable Interest Rate Security by more than a 
specified de minimis amount, (b) it provides for stated interest, paid or compounded at least annually, 
at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating 
rates, (iii) a single objective rate or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified 
inverse floating rate and (c) it does not provide for any principal payments that are contingent (other 
than as described in (a) above). 
A "qualified floating rate" is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can 
reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds 
in the currency in which the Variable Interest Rate Security is denominated. A fixed multiple of a 
qualified floating rate will constitute a qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but 
not more than 1.35. A variable rate equal to the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple 
that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also 
constitute a qualified floating rate. In addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably 
be expected to have approximately the same values throughout the term of the Variable Interest Rate 
Security (e.g., two or more qualified floating rates with values within 25 basis points of each other as 
determined on the Variable Interest Rate Security's issue date) will be treated as a single qualified 
floating rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate that would otherwise constitute a qualified 
floating rate but which is subject to one or more restrictions such as a maximum numerical limitation 
(i.e., a cap) or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e., a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail to 
be treated as a qualified floating rate.

--- Page 659 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
659 
 
 
An "objective rate" is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a 
single fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g., one or 
more qualified floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate will not qualify as 
an objective rate if it is based on information that is within the control of the relevant Issuer (or a 
related party) or that is unique to the circumstances of the relevant Issuer (or a related party), such as 
dividends, profits or the value of the relevant Issuer's stock (although a rate does not fail to be an 
objective rate merely because it is based on the credit quality of the relevant Issuer). Other variable 
interest rates may be treated as objective rates if so designated by the IRS in the future. Despite the 
foregoing, a variable rate of interest on a Variable Interest Rate Security will not constitute an 
objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of the rate during the first half of the 
Variable Interest Rate Security's term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than 
the average value of the rate during the final half of the Variable Interest Rate Note's term. A 
"qualified inverse floating rate" is any objective rate where the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a 
qualified floating rate, as long as variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect 
contemporaneous variations in the qualified floating rate. If a Variable Interest Rate Security provides 
for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that 
is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate for a subsequent period and if the variable rate on 
the Variable Interest Rate Security's issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the 
value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more 
than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute either a single 
qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must be 
set at a "current value" of that rate. A "current value" of a rate is the value of the rate on any day that 
is no earlier than three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than 
one year following that first day. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Security that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating 
rate or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a "variable rate debt 
instrument", then any stated interest on the Security which is unconditionally payable in cash or 
property (other than debt instruments of the relevant Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified 
stated interest and will be taxed accordingly. Thus, a Variable Interest Rate Security that provides for 
stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate throughout the term 
thereof and that qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument" will generally not be treated as having 
been issued with OID unless the Variable Interest Rate Security is issued at a "true" discount (i.e., at 
a price below the Security's stated nominal amount) in excess of a specified de minimis amount. OID 
on a Variable Interest Rate Security arising from "true" discount is allocated to an accrual period using 
the constant yield method described above by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to 
(i) in the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue 
date, of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate or (ii) in the case of an objective rate 
(other than a qualified inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably 
expected for the Variable Interest Rate Security. 
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Security that qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument" 
will be converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the 
amount and accrual of OID and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Security. Such a 
Variable Interest Rate Security must be converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument by 
substituting any qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of 
the Variable Interest Rate Security with a fixed rate equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of the Variable Interest Rate Security's issue 
date. Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided for under the terms of 
the Variable Interest Rate Security is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is 
reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate Security. In the case of a Variable Interest Rate 
Security that qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument" and provides for stated interest at a fixed 
rate in addition to either one or more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the 
fixed rate is initially converted into a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the 
Variable Interest Rate Security provides for a qualified inverse floating rate). Under these 
circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate that replaces the fixed rate 
must be such that the fair market value of the Variable Interest Rate Security as of the Variable 
Interest Rate Security's issue date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise

--- Page 660 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
660 
 
 
identical debt instrument that provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating 
rate rather than the fixed rate. Subsequent to converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating 
rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Variable Interest Rate Security is converted into an 
"equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument in the manner described above. 
Once the Variable Interest Rate Security is converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument 
pursuant to the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined 
for the "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the "equivalent" 
fixed rate debt instrument and a U.S. Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Security will account for the 
OID and qualified stated interest as if the U.S. Holder held the "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument. 
In each accrual period, appropriate adjustments will be made to the amount of qualified stated interest 
or OID assumed to have been accrued or paid with respect to the "equivalent" fixed rate debt 
instrument in the event that these amounts differ from the actual amount of interest accrued or paid 
on the Variable Interest Rate Security during the accrual period. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Security, such as a Security the payments on which are determined by 
reference to an index, does not qualify as a "variable rate debt instrument", then the Variable Interest 
Rate Security will be treated as a contingent payment debt obligation. See "Contingent Payment Debt 
Instruments" below for a discussion of the U.S. federal income tax treatment of such Securities. 
Securities Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Security for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a 
Discount Security, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as 
"amortisable bond premium", in which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder's 
income each year with respect to interest on the Security will be reduced by the amount of 
amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Security's yield to maturity) to that year. Any 
election to amortise bond premium will apply to all bonds (other than bonds the interest on which is 
excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the 
beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. 
Holder, and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. See also "Original Issue Discount — 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount". 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Security using the 
constant-yield method described above under "Original Issue Discount — General" with certain 
modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, 
market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable 
bond premium (described above under "Securities Purchased at a Premium") or acquisition premium. 
This election will generally apply only to the Security with respect to which it is made and may not be 
revoked without the consent of the IRS. If the election to apply the constant-yield method to all 
interest on a Security is made with respect to a Market Discount Security, the electing U.S. Holder will 
be treated as having made the election discussed above under "Market Discount" to include market 
discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments with market discount held or 
thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the 
propriety and consequences of this election. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
Certain Series or Tranches of Securities may be treated as "contingent payment debt instruments" for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes ("Contingent Securities"). Under applicable U.S. Treasury 
regulations, interest on Contingent Securities will be treated as "original issue discount" ("OID"), and 
must be accrued on a constant-yield basis based on a yield to maturity that reflects the rate at which 
the relevant Issuer would issue a comparable fixed-rate non-exchangeable instrument (the 
"comparable yield"), in accordance with a projected payment schedule. This projected payment 
schedule must include each non-contingent payment on the Contingent Securities and an estimated 
amount for each contingent payment, and must produce the comparable yield.

--- Page 661 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
661 
 
 
The relevant Issuer is required to provide to holders, solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a 
schedule of the projected amounts of payments on Contingent Securities. This schedule must 
produce the comparable yield. The comparable yield and projected payment schedule will be 
available from the relevant Issuer by submitting a written request for such information to: Manager, 
Transaction Management Group, 7th Floor, Standard Chartered Bank Building, 4-4A Des Voeux 
Road Central, Hong Kong. 
THE COMPARABLE YIELD AND PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE WILL NOT BE 
DETERMINED FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN FOR THE DETERMINATION OF INTEREST 
ACCRUALS AND ADJUSTMENTS THEREOF IN RESPECT OF CONTINGENT SECURITIES FOR 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A 
PROJECTION OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THE 
HOLDERS OF THE SECURITIES. 
The use of the comparable yield and the calculation of the projected payment schedule will be based 
upon a number of assumptions and estimates and will not be a prediction, representation or 
guarantee of the actual amounts of interest that may be paid to a U.S. Holder or the actual yield of the 
Contingent Securities. A U.S. Holder will generally be bound by the comparable yield and the 
projected payment schedule determined by the relevant Issuer, unless the U.S. Holder determines its 
own comparable yield and projected payment schedule and explicitly discloses such schedule to the 
IRS, and explains to the IRS the reason for preparing its own schedule. The relevant Issuer's 
determination, however, is not binding on the IRS and it is possible that the IRS could conclude that 
some other comparable yield or projected payment schedule should be used instead. 
A U.S. Holder of a Contingent Security will generally be required to include OID in income pursuant to 
the rules discussed in the third paragraph under "Original Issue Discount – General", above, applied 
to the projected payment schedule. The "adjusted issue price" of a Contingent Security at the 
beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the Security increased by the amount of accrued 
OID for each prior accrual period, and decreased by the projected amount of any payments on the 
Security. No additional income will be recognised upon the receipt of payments of stated interest in 
amounts equal to the annual payments included in the projected payment schedule described above. 
Any differences between actual payments received by the U.S. Holder on the Securities in a taxable 
year and the projected amount of those payments will be accounted for as additional interest (in the 
case of a positive adjustment) or as an offset to interest income in respect of the Security (in the case 
of a negative adjustment) for the taxable year in which the actual payment is made. If the negative 
adjustment for any taxable year exceeds the amount of OID on the Contingent Security for that year, 
the excess will be treated as an ordinary loss, but only to the extent the U.S. Holder's total OID 
inclusions on the Contingent Security exceed the total amount of any ordinary loss in respect of the 
Contingent Security claimed by the U.S. Holder under this rule in prior taxable years. Any negative 
adjustment that is not allowed as an ordinary loss for the taxable year is carried forward to the next 
taxable year and is taken into account in determining whether the U.S. Holder has a net positive or 
negative adjustment for that year. However, any negative adjustment that is carried forward to a 
taxable year in which the Contingent Security is sold, exchanged or retired, to the extent not applied 
to OID accrued for such year, reduces the U.S. Holder's amount realised on the sale, exchange or 
retirement. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Securities 
Securities other than Contingent Securities 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Security will generally be its cost, increased by the amount of any OID 
or market discount included in the U.S. Holder's income with respect to the Security and the amount, 
if any, of income attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the U.S. 
Holder's income with respect to the Security, and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments that are 
not qualified stated interest payments and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to 
reduce interest on the Security. 
A U.S. Holder will generally recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the 
difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the tax basis of the Note. The 
amount realised does not include the amount attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be

--- Page 662 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
662 
 
 
taxable as interest income to the extent not previously included in income. Except to the extent 
described above under "Original Issue Discount — Market Discount" or "Original Issue Discount — 
Short-Term " or attributable to changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss 
recognised on the sale or retirement of a Security will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term 
capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder's holding period in the Securities exceeds one year. 
Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Security generally will be U.S. 
source. 
Contingent Securities 
Gain from the sale or retirement of a Contingent Security will be treated as interest income taxable at 
ordinary income (rather than capital gains) rates. Any loss will be ordinary loss to the extent that the 
U.S. Holder's total interest inclusions to the date of sale or retirement exceed the total net negative 
adjustments that the U.S. Holder took into account as ordinary loss, and any further loss will be capital 
loss. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Contingent Security issued 
by a Non-U.S. Branch will generally be foreign source. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the 
sale or retirement of a Contingent Security issued by the U.S. Branch will generally be U.S. source. 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Contingent Security will generally be equal to its cost, increased by the 
amount of interest previously accrued with respect to the Security (determined without regard to any 
positive or negative adjustments reflecting the difference between actual payments and projected 
payments), increased or decreased by the amount of any positive or negative adjustment that the 
holder is required to make to account for the difference between the holder's purchase price for the 
Security and the adjusted issue price of the Security at the time of the purchase, and decreased by 
the amount of any projected payments scheduled to be made on the Security to the U.S. Holder 
through such date (without regard to the actual amount paid). 
Foreign Currency Securities 
Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the 
amount of income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest 
payment, based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the 
payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an 
interest payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance 
with either of two methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on 
the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual 
period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year). 
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on 
the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an 
accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of 
the period within the taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five 
business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead 
translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual 
receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of 
the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will 
be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest 
upon the sale or retirement of a Security) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary 
income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at 
the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the 
payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.

--- Page 663 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
663 
 
 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Security that is denominated in, or determined by reference 
to, a foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars 
in the same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above. 
Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Security 
or a sale or disposition of the Security), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or 
loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received 
(translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously 
accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
Market Discount 
Market discount on a Security that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, will be accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount 
in income currently, the accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average 
exchange rate for the accrual period (or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder's taxable year). Upon 
the receipt of an amount attributable to accrued market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. 
source exchange gain or loss (which will be taxable as ordinary income or loss) determined in the 
same manner as for accrued interest or OID. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to include market 
discount in income currently will recognise, upon the disposition or maturity of the Security, the U.S. 
dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate on that date, and no part of this 
accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Security that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond 
premium that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income in units of the foreign 
currency. On the date bond premium offsets interest income, a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. 
source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the amount offset 
multiplied by the difference between the spot rate in effect on the date of the offset and the spot rate 
in effect on the date the Securities were acquired by the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder that does not 
elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into account currently will recognise a 
market loss when the Security matures. 
Foreign Currency Contingent Securities 
Special rules apply to determine the accrual of OID and the amount, timing, source and character of 
any gain or loss on a Contingent Security that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a 
foreign currency (a "Foreign Currency Contingent Security"). The rules applicable to Foreign 
Currency Contingent Securities are complex and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers 
concerning the application of these rules. 
Under these rules, a U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security will generally be required 
to accrue OID in the foreign currency in which the Foreign Currency Contingent Security is 
denominated (i) at a yield at which the relevant Issuer would issue a fixed rate debt instrument 
denominated in the same foreign currency with terms and conditions similar to those of the Foreign 
Currency Contingent Security, and (ii) in accordance with a projected payment schedule determined 
by the relevant Issuer, under rules similar to those described above under "Contingent Payment Debt 
Instruments". The amount of OID on a Foreign Currency Contingent Security that accrues in any 
accrual period will be the product of the comparable yield of the Foreign Currency Contingent Security 
(adjusted to reflect the length of the accrual period) and the adjusted issue price of the Foreign 
Currency Contingent Security. The adjusted issue price of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security will 
generally be determined under the rules described above and will be denominated in the foreign 
currency of the Foreign Currency Contingent Security. 
OID on a Foreign Currency Contingent Security will be translated into U.S. dollars under translation 
rules similar to those described above under "Foreign Currency  — Interest". Any positive adjustment

--- Page 664 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
664 
 
 
(i.e. the excess of actual payments over projected payments) in respect of a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Security for a taxable year will be translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the last 
day of the taxable year in which the adjustment is taken into account, or if earlier, the date on which 
the Foreign Currency Contingent Security is disposed of. The amount of any negative adjustment on 
a Foreign Currency Contingent Security (i.e. the excess of projected payments over actual payments) 
that is offset against accrued but unpaid OID will be translated into U.S. dollars at the same rate at 
which the OID was accrued. To the extent a net negative adjustment exceeds the amount of accrued 
but unpaid OID, the negative adjustment will be treated as offsetting OID that has accrued and been 
paid on the Foreign Currency Contingent Security and will be translated into U.S. dollars at the spot 
rate on the date the Foreign Currency Contingent Security was issued. Any net negative adjustment 
carry forward will be carried forward in the relevant foreign currency. 
Sale or Retirement 
Securities other than Foreign Currency Contingent Securities. 
As discussed above under "Purchase, Sale and Retirement of ", a U.S. Holder will generally 
recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Security equal to the difference between the 
amount realised on the sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Security. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in 
a Security that is denominated in a foreign currency will be determined by reference to the U.S. dollar 
cost of the Security. The U.S. dollar cost of a Security purchased with foreign currency will generally 
be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase or the settlement date for the 
purchase, in the case of Securities traded on an established securities market, as defined in the 
applicable Treasury Regulations, that are purchased by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis 
U.S. Holder that so elects). 
The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar 
value of this amount on the date of sale or retirement or the settlement date for the sale, in the case of 
Securities traded on an established securities market, as defined in the applicable Treasury 
Regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects). Such 
an election by an accrual basis U.S. Holder must be applied consistently from year to year and cannot 
be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or 
loss) on the sale or retirement of a Security equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar 
values of the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Security (or, if less, the principal amount of the 
Security) (i) on the date of sale or retirement and (ii) the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the 
Security. Any such exchange rate gain or loss will be realised only to the extent of total gain or loss 
realised on the sale or retirement (including any exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of 
accrued but unpaid interest). 
Foreign Currency Contingent Securities. 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security, a U.S. Holder will 
generally recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the 
sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Foreign Currency Contingent 
Security, both translated into U.S. dollars as described below. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Foreign 
Currency Contingent Security will equal (i) the cost thereof (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate 
on the issue date), (ii) increased by the amount of OID previously accrued on the Foreign Currency 
Contingent Security (disregarding any positive or negative adjustments and translated into U.S. 
dollars using the exchange rate applicable to such OID) and (iii) decreased by the projected amount 
of all prior payments in respect of the Foreign Currency Contingent Security. The U.S. dollar amount 
of the projected payments described in clause (iii) of the preceding sentence is determined by (i) first 
allocating the payments to the most recently accrued OID to which prior amounts have not already 
been allocated and translating those amounts into U.S. dollars at the rate at which the OID was 
accrued and (ii) then allocating any remaining amount to principal and translating such amount into 
U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date the Foreign Currency Contingent Security was acquired by 
the U.S. Holder. For this purpose, any accrued OID reduced by a negative adjustment carry forward 
will be treated as principal.

--- Page 665 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
665 
 
 
The amount realised by a U.S. Holder upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Security will equal the amount of cash and the fair market value (determined in foreign 
currency) of any property received. If a U.S. Holder holds a Foreign Currency Contingent Security 
until its scheduled maturity, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the amount realised will be determined by 
separating such amount realised into principal and one or more OID components, based on the 
principal and OID comprising the U.S. Holder's basis, with the amount realised allocated first to OID 
(and allocated to the most recently accrued amounts first) and any remaining amounts allocated to 
principal. The U.S. dollar equivalent of the amount realised upon a sale, exchange or unscheduled 
retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security will be determined in a similar manner, but will 
first be allocated to principal and then any accrued OID (and will be allocated to the earliest accrued 
amounts first). Each component of the amount realised will be translated into U.S. dollars using the 
exchange rate used with respect to the corresponding principal or accrued OID. The amount of any 
gain realised upon a sale, exchange or unscheduled retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent 
Security will be equal to the excess of the amount realised over the holder's tax basis, both expressed 
in foreign currency, and will be translated into U.S. dollars using the spot rate on the payment date. 
Gain from the sale or retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security will generally be treated 
as interest income taxable at ordinary income (rather than capital gains) rates. Any loss will be 
ordinary loss to the extent that the U.S. Holder's total OID inclusions to the date of sale or retirement 
exceed the total net negative adjustments that the U.S. Holder took into account as ordinary loss, and 
any further loss will be capital loss. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of 
a Foreign Currency Contingent Security issued by a Non-U.S. Branch will generally be foreign source.  
Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent 
Security issued by the U.S. Branch will generally be U.S. source. Prospective purchasers should 
consult their tax advisers as to the foreign tax credit implications of the sale or retirement of Foreign 
Currency Contingent Securities. 
A U.S. Holder will also recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income 
or loss) on the receipt of foreign currency in respect of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security if the 
exchange rate in effect on the date the payment is received differs from the rate applicable to the 
principal or accrued OID to which such payment relates. 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Security or on the sale or retirement of a Security will have 
a tax basis equal to its U.S. dollar value at the time the foreign currency is received. Foreign currency 
that is purchased will generally have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency 
on the date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a foreign 
currency (including its use to purchase Securities or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) will be U.S. 
source ordinary income or loss. 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Certain Securities Not Treated as Debt 
The following summary may apply to certain Securities that are not treated as debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. This summary does not discuss all types of Securities that may not be treated 
as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The applicable Issue Terms will specify if the discussion 
below will apply to a particular Series or Tranche of Securities. The U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of owning Securities that are not treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
and are not described below may be discussed, as appropriate, in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, any other relevant offering document or, in respect of Exempt Securities, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Warrants Treated as an Open Transaction 
Treatment Prior to Settlement 
A U.S. Holder should not be required to recognize taxable income over the term of a Warrant prior to 
settlement, other than pursuant to a sale or exchange as described below.

--- Page 666 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
666 
 
 
Tax Basis 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Warrant should equal the amount paid by the U.S. Holder to acquire the 
Warrant. 
Sale, Exchange, Lapse or Cash Settlement of a Warrant 
Upon a sale or exchange of a Warrant, or upon the lapse or cash settlement of a Warrant, a U.S. 
Holder will recognise capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized, if any, 
on the sale, exchange, lapse or cash settlement and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Warrants sold, 
exchanged, lapsed or settled. Any gain or loss recognised upon sale, exchange, lapse or settlement 
of the Warrants will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the Warrants for more 
than one year at that time. 
Physical Settlement of a Warrant 
A U.S. Holder will not recognise any gain or loss in respect of the receipt of the underlying property 
upon physical settlement of a Warrant. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in the underlying property received 
upon physical settlement of a Warrant will be equal to the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the warrant plus 
the strike price paid by the holder upon exercise of the Warrant (where applicable). The U.S. Holder's 
holding period in the underlying property received upon settlement of a Warrant begins one day after 
the receipt of the underlying property. 
Interim Payment Amounts 
There is no direct authority addressing the treatment of any interim payments (the "Interim 
Payments") that may be made to U.S. Holders with respect to the Warrants under current law, and the 
applicable treatment is unclear. The Interim Payments may constitute other periodic income payments 
that must be reported as ordinary income by a U.S. Holder when received or accrued, in accordance 
with the U.S. Holder's method of tax accounting. Interim payments will not qualify for the dividends-
received deduction generally allowed to corporations with respect to certain dividends or the reduced 
tax rate applicable to dividends received by individuals and certain other investors. 
Additional alternative characterisations may also be possible. The Interim Payments may be treated 
as a purchase price adjustment, rather than being includible in income on a current basis. The 
treatment of the Interim Payments could affect a U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Warrants, or its amount 
realised upon the sale or disposition of the Warrants or upon settlement of the Warrants. U.S. Holders 
should consult their tax advisers about the proper characterisation of the Interim Payments for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and the consequences of receiving Interim Payments on the Warrants. 
Proposed Legislation on Prepaid Forward Contracts 
In Notice 2008-2, the IRS and the U.S. Department of Treasury announced they were considering 
whether the holder of a prepaid forward contract or similar instrument should be required to accrue 
ordinary income on a current basis, whether additional gain or loss from such instruments should be 
treated as ordinary or capital, whether non-U.S. holders of such instruments should be subject to 
withholding tax on any deemed income accruals, and whether the special "constructive ownership 
rules" of Section 1260 of the Code might be applied to such instruments. Legislation has also been 
proposed in Congress that would require the holders of certain prepaid forward contracts to accrue 
income during the term of the transaction. It is not possible to predict the final form of legislative or 
regulatory changes that might affect holders of these instruments, if any, but it is possible that any 
such changes could be applied retroactively. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors 
concerning the significance, and the potential impact, of the above considerations. The Issuers intend 
to treat the Warrants for U.S. federal income tax purposes in accordance with the treatment described 
above unless and until such time as Congress, the Treasury, and/or the IRS determine that some 
alternative treatment is more appropriate. 
Forward Securities

--- Page 667 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
667 
 
 
General 
A Security that provides for a payment in redemption at maturity that is based on the value of one or 
more commodities, currencies, equity securities, funds, indices, formulae or other factors relating to 
assets or property (each a "Reference Item") (whether physically settled by delivery of those 
Reference Items or settled in cash) and does not provide for a current coupon, may be identified as a 
"Forward Security" by the relevant Issuer in the applicable Issue Terms. A U.S. Holder of a Forward 
Security would generally be subject to the U.S. federal income tax consequences discussed below. 
In Notice 2008-2, the IRS and the U.S. Department of Treasury announced they were considering 
whether the holder of an instrument such as a Forward Security should be required to accrue ordinary 
income on a current basis, whether additional gain or loss from Forward Securities should be treated 
as ordinary or capital, whether non-U.S. holders of Forward Securities should be subject to 
withholding tax on any deemed income accruals, and whether the special "constructive ownership 
rules" of Section 1260 of the Code might be applied to Forward Securities. Legislation has also been 
proposed in Congress that would require the holders of certain prepaid forward contracts to accrue 
income during the term of the transaction. It is not possible to predict the final form of legislative or 
regulatory changes that might affect holders of instruments such as the Forward Securities, if any, but 
it is possible that any such changes could be applied retroactively. U.S. Holders are urged to consult 
their tax advisers concerning the significance, and the potential impact, of the above considerations. 
The Issuers intend to continue treating the Forward Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes in 
accordance with the treatment described below unless and until such time as Congress, the Treasury, 
and/or the IRS determine that some alternative treatment is more appropriate. 
Characterisation 
A Forward Security should constitute a prepaid forward contract for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Under current law, U.S. Holders should not be required to recognise income or loss upon the 
acquisition of a Security, and U.S. Holders should not be required to accrue income with respect to a 
Security over the life of the Security. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement 
A U.S. Holder will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement for cash of a Forward Security 
equal to the difference between the amount of cash received upon sale or retirement and the U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the Security. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Forward Security will generally be the 
Security's U.S. dollar cost. The U.S. dollar cost of a Forward Security purchased with a foreign 
currency will generally be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase 
increased by the nominal exercise price, if any, paid by the U.S. Holder. Except as provided under 
"Constructive Ownership Transactions" below, any gain or loss recognised on the sale or retirement 
of a Forward Security will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. 
Holder's holding period in the Security exceeds one year. 
Upon a retirement of a Forward Security by physical delivery of the Reference Items, a U.S. Holder 
will not be required to recognise gain or loss at that time. A U.S. Holder will have a basis in the 
Reference Items equal to the U.S. Holder's basis in the Forward Security. A U.S. Holder's holding 
period in the Reference Items will not include the U.S. Holder's holding period in the Forward 
Securities. 
Constructive Ownership Transactions 
To the extent that a Forward Security is treated as a "constructive ownership transaction", any gain on 
disposition may be treated as ordinary income and an interest charge may be imposed on a deemed 
underpayment of tax for each taxable year during which the Security was held. For purposes of 
determining the interest charge, gain treated as ordinary income is allocated to each such taxable 
year during which the Forward Security was held so that the amount of gain accrued from each year 
to the next increases at a constant rate equal to the "applicable federal rate" (a rate published 
monthly by the IRS based on prevailing Treasury yields) in effect at the time the Security is sold or 
redeemed.

--- Page 668 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
668 
 
 
A Security could be treated in whole or in part as a constructive ownership transaction if the issuer of 
a Reference Item and, if the Reference Item is an index, possibly the issuer of any security included in 
that index is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as, among others, a passive foreign 
investment company, a partnership, a trust or a common trust fund. 
The Issuers do not intend to determine whether the issuers of any Reference Item in fact fall in any of 
these categories. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding the status of the 
Reference Items and the application of the constructive ownership transaction rules to ownership of 
the Security. 
Option Securities 
A Security that provides for a payment in redemption at maturity that may under certain circumstances 
be based on the value of one or more Reference Items (whether physically settled by delivery of 
those Reference Items or settled in cash) and also provides for a current coupon, may be identified as 
an "Option Security" by the Issuers. The discussion below describes the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences to a U.S. Holder of holding Option Securities. 
The treatment of Option Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes is highly uncertain. It would 
be reasonable to treat the purchase of an Option Security by a U.S. Holder as a grant by the U.S. 
Holder to the relevant Issuer of an option contract (the "Put Option"), pursuant to which the U.S. 
Holder may be required to purchase from the relevant Issuer one or more of the Reference Items (or 
an amount equal to the value of the Reference Items in the case of a cash-settled Option Security), 
and under which option (a) at the time of the issuance of the Option Security the U.S. Holder deposits 
irrevocably with the relevant Issuer a fixed amount of cash to assure the fulfilment of the holder's 
purchase obligation described below (the "Deposit"), (b) until maturity the relevant Issuer will be 
obligated to pay interest to the U.S. Holder, as compensation for the use of the cash Deposit during 
the term of the Option Security, (c) the relevant Issuer will be obligated to pay an option premium to 
the holder in consideration for granting the option (the "Put Premium"), which premium will be 
payable as part of the coupon payments, (d) if pursuant to the terms of the Option Securities at 
maturity the holder is obligated to purchase the Reference Item(s), then the Deposit will be applied by 
the relevant Issuer in full satisfaction of the holder's purchase obligation under the Put Option, and the 
relevant Issuer will deliver to the holder the number of Reference Items that the holder is entitled to 
receive at that time pursuant to the terms of the Securities (or, if the Option Securities are cash 
settled, a cash amount equal to the value of the Reference Items), and (e) if pursuant to the terms of 
the Option Securities the holder is not obligated to purchase the Reference Items at maturity, the 
relevant Issuer will return the cash Deposit to the U.S. Holder at maturity. The discussion below 
assumes that an Option Security is so treated, except as explicitly provided. 
Amounts paid to the relevant Issuer in respect of the original issue of the Option Securities will be 
treated as allocable in their entirety to the amount of the cash Deposit attributable to such Securities. 
A portion of the coupon on the Securities (which coupon may be denominated entirely as stated 
interest) will be characterised as interest payable on the amount of such Deposit, includible in the 
income of a U.S. Holder as interest in the manner described below. A portion of the coupon will be 
characterised as Put Premium, includible in the income of a U.S. Holder in the manner described 
below. There is no assurance that the IRS will agree with this treatment and alternative treatments of 
the Option Securities could result in less favourable U.S. federal income tax consequences to a 
holder, including a requirement to accrue income with respect to the Put Option on a current basis. 
Interest Payments 
Interest payments on the Deposit will generally be included in the income of a U.S. Holder as interest 
at the time that such interest is accrued or received in accordance with such U.S. Holder's method of 
accounting. If the Option Securities are issued at a discount or have a term of one year or less, U.S. 
Holders will be subject to the rules discussed above under "U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of 
Securities Treated as Debt – Original Issue Discount" with respect to interest or OID payable on the 
Deposit. Interest paid by the relevant Issuer and OID, if any, accrued with respect to Option Securities 
issued by a Non-U.S. Branch generally constitute income from sources outside the United States. 
Interest paid by SCB and OID, if any, accrued with respect to Option Securities issued by the U.S. 
Branch, generally constitute income from sources within the United States.

--- Page 669 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
669 
 
 
Payments of Put Premium 
Payments of the Put Premium will not be included in the income of a U.S. Holder until sale or other 
taxable disposition of Option Securities or retirement of Option Securities for cash; if the Option 
Security is settled by delivery of Reference Items, the payments of Put Premium will instead be 
incorporated into the U.S. Holder's basis in such Reference Items. Upon the sale or other taxable 
disposition of Option Securities or at maturity, as the case may be, the Put Premium payment will be 
treated in the manner described below. 
Retirement of an Option Security for Cash 
If the Put Option is deemed not to have been exercised at maturity, the cash payment of the full 
principal amount of the Option Security at maturity would likely be treated as (i) payment in full of the 
principal amount of the Deposit (which would likely not result in the recognition of gain or loss to an 
initial purchaser) and (ii) the lapse of the Put Option, which would likely result in a U.S. Holder's 
recognition of short-term capital gain in an amount equal to the Put Premium paid to the holder. 
If the Put Option is deemed to be exercised at maturity and is cash-settled, the payment at maturity 
would likely be treated as (i) payment in full of the principal amount of the Deposit (resulting in neither 
gain nor loss for an initial purchaser) and (ii) the exercise by the relevant Issuer of the Put Option. The 
exercise of the Put Option would result in short-term capital gain or loss to the U.S. Holder in an 
amount equal to the difference between (i) the sum of the cash received at maturity (other than 
amounts attributable to accrued but unpaid interest) and all previous payments of Put Premium and 
(ii) the holder's adjusted basis in the Deposit, as determined under "U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Treatment of Securities Treated as Debt – Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Securities". 
Other Retirement of an Option Security 
Delivery at maturity of Reference Items would likely be treated as (i) payment in full of the Deposit 
(resulting in neither gain nor loss for an initial purchaser) and (ii) the exercise by the relevant Issuer of 
the Put Option and the U.S. Holder's purchase of the Reference Items for an amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Option Security. The U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in the Reference Items 
equal to the principal amount of the Option Securities less an amount equal to the aggregate amount 
of the Put Premium payments and less the portion of the tax basis of the Option Securities allocable 
to any fractional Reference Item, as described in the next sentence. A U.S. Holder will recognise gain 
or loss (which will be treated as short-term capital gain or loss) with respect to cash received in lieu of 
fractional Reference Items, in an amount equal to the difference between the cash received and the 
portion of the basis of the Option Securities allocable to fractional Reference Items (based on the 
relative value of fractional Reference Items and full Reference Items delivered to the U.S. Holder). A 
U.S. Holder's holding period in the Reference Items received will not include the U.S. Holder's holding 
period in the Option Securities. 
Sale or Other Taxable Disposition of an Option Security Prior to Maturity 
Upon the sale or other taxable disposition of an Option Security, a U.S. Holder should allocate the 
amount received between the Deposit and the Put Option on the basis of their respective values on 
the date of sale or other disposition. The U.S. Holder should generally recognise gain or loss with 
respect to the Deposit in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of the sales proceeds 
allocable to the Deposit and the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the Deposit (which will generally 
equal the issue price of the Option Security for an initial purchaser (as may be adjusted for any 
accrued OID on the Deposit)). Except to the extent attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which 
will be taxed as such, this gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held 
the Option Securities for more than one year. If the Put Option has a positive value on the date of a 
sale of the Option Security, the U.S. Holder should recognise short-term capital gain equal to the 
portion of the sale proceeds allocable to the Put Option plus any previously received Put Premium. If 
the put option has a negative value on the date of sale, the U.S. Holder should be treated as having 
paid the buyer an amount equal to the negative value in order to assume the U.S. Holder's rights and 
obligations under the Put Option. In such a case, the U.S. Holder should recognise short-term capital 
gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the total Put Premium previously received

--- Page 670 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
670 
 
 
and the amount of the payment deemed made by the U.S. Holder with respect to the assumption of 
the Put Option. 
Foreign Currency Option Securities 
Option Securities denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency ("Foreign 
Currency Option Securities") will be subject to special rules. Interest and OID denominated in, or 
determined by reference to, a foreign currency will generally be subject to the rules described in "U.S. 
Federal Income Tax Treatment of Securities Treated as Debt – Foreign Currency Option Securities" 
above. 
The treatment upon the sale, retirement or disposition of the Deposit, as described above, should also 
be governed by the rules described under "U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Securities Treated 
as Debt – Foreign Currency Option Securities" above, regardless of whether the Option Security is 
cash settled. A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any Reference Items received in an amount equal 
to the excess of the purchase price of the Option Security, translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange 
rate in effect on the date of retirement, over the total premium payments received, with each premium 
likely translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the date that it is received. U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers about the proper method for translating foreign currency with 
respect to an Option Security into U.S. dollars. 
Possible Alternative Characterisations 
Due to the absence of authority as to the proper characterisation of the Option Securities, no 
assurance can be given that the IRS will accept, or that a court will uphold, the characterisation and 
tax treatment described above. It is possible, for example, that the IRS could maintain that amounts 
denominated as Put Premium (i) should be includible in the U.S. Holder's income as interest in the 
manner described above regarding the interest payment, or (ii) should be included in a U.S. Holder's 
income even in a case where the Option Securities are retired for Reference Items. Such treatment 
might arise, for example, if the IRS were successfully to maintain that amounts denominated as Put 
Premium (i) should be characterised for federal income tax purposes as interest, or (ii) should be 
treated as a return on the U.S. Holder's investment in the Option Securities that constitutes income. 
Alternatively, the IRS could maintain that the Option Securities should be treated as contingent 
payment debt obligations, in which case the U.S. Holder would be treated as owning Contingent 
Securities (or Foreign Currency Contingent Securities), subject to the treatment discussed above 
under "U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Securities Treated as Debt". 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
In general, payments of interest and accruals of OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, redemption or 
other disposition of, the Securities payable to a U.S. Holder by a U.S. paying agent or other U.S. 
intermediary will be reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable 
regulations. Backup withholding will apply to these payments, including payments of OID, if the U.S. 
Holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status or 
fails to report all interest and dividends required to be shown on its U.S. federal income tax returns. 
Certain U.S. Holders are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax 
advisers as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for 
obtaining an exemption. 
Reportable Transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" will be required to disclose its 
participation to the IRS. Under the relevant rules, if the Securities are denominated in a foreign 
currency, a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Securities 
as a reportable transaction if this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the regulations and to 
disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. Penalties may be imposed on any taxpayer 
that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with respect to a transaction resulting in a 
loss that is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective purchasers are urged to consult their tax 
advisers regarding the application of these rules.

--- Page 671 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
671 
 
 
Foreign Financial Asset Reporting 
Certain U.S. Holders may be required to report to the IRS certain information with respect to their 
beneficial ownership of certain foreign financial assets, such as the Securities, if the aggregate value 
of such assets exceeds certain U.S. dollar value thresholds. U.S. Holders who fail to report required 
information could be subject to substantial penalties. 
Part B – Non-U.S. Holders 
For purposes of this discussion, a "Non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of the Securities that 
is not a U.S. Holder. 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Securities Treated as Debt 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-
U.S. Holders in respect of Securities that are treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Certain exceptions to these general rules are discussed below under "U.S. Dividend Equivalent 
Withholding" and "Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act", and therefore this discussion is subject to, 
and should be read in conjunction with, the discussion contained in those sections. 
Interest payments on a Security issued by the U.S. Branch should not be subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax, provided that (1) the Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per 
cent. or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer entitled to vote, 
(2) the Non-U.S. Holder is not (i) a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
that is related to the Issuer through stock ownership or (ii) a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan 
agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, (3) such interest is not 
contingent on the Issuer's profits, revenues or changes in the value of its property and is not 
otherwise excluded from the definition of "portfolio interest" by Section 871(h)(4) of the Code, (4) the 
Non-U.S. Holder certifies that it is not a United States person on a properly completed IRS Form W-
8BEN, W-8BEN-E or other such applicable form, and (5) the Non-U.S. Holder provides any required 
information with respect to its direct and indirect U.S. owners as required pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code ("FATCA") or, if the Securities are held through, or such holder is, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined under FATCA), such foreign financial institution complies with 
its obligations under FATCA (either pursuant to an agreement with the U.S. government or in 
accordance with local law) or is otherwise exempt from FATCA.  
Interest payments on a Security issued by a Non-U.S. Branch generally will not be subject to U.S. 
federal withholding tax. Gain realised by a Non-U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Security 
generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax, provided that: (i) that payment 
and/or gain is not effectively connected with the conduct by that Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or 
business in the U.S.; (ii) in the case of any gain realized on the sale or exchange of a Security by an 
individual Non-U.S. Holder, that holder is not present in the U.S. for 183 days or more in the taxable 
year of the sale, exchange or retirement and certain other conditions are met; and (iii) the Non-U.S. 
Holder is not subject to tax pursuant to provisions of the Code applicable to certain expatriates. 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Certain Securities Not Treated as Debt 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-
U.S. Holders in respect of Securities treated as a financial instrument other than debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. Certain exceptions to these general rules are discussed below under "U.S. 
Dividend Equivalent Withholding" and "Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act", and therefore this 
discussion is subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the discussions contained in those 
sections. Prospective purchasers should note that the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to U.S. federal income taxes, if any, withheld, whether by the Issuer or by 
another withholding agent, with respect to Securities not treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes.

--- Page 672 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
672 
 
 
Securities Issued by a Non-U.S. Branch 
A Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax in respect of 
payments on and gain from the taxable disposition of non-debt Securities issued by a Non-U.S. 
Branch, provided that: (i) that payment and/or gain is not effectively connected with the conduct by 
that Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business in the U.S.; (ii) in the case of any gain realized on the sale 
or exchange of a Security by an individual Non-U.S. Holder, that holder is not present in the U.S. for 
183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale, exchange or retirement and certain other conditions 
are met; and (iii) the Non-U.S. Holder is not subject to tax pursuant to provisions of the Code 
applicable to certain expatriates. 
Securities Issued by the U.S. Branch 
Forward Securities 
Generally, subject to the discussion in the next paragraph, a Non-U.S. Holder should not be subject to 
U.S. federal withholding or income tax in respect of the taxable disposition of a Forward Security, not 
providing for any payments prior to maturity or early redemption, that is treated for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes as a prepaid forward contract, provided that: (i) that payment and/or gain is not 
effectively connected with the conduct by that Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business in the U.S.; (ii) 
in the case of any gain realized on the sale or exchange of a Security by an individual Non-U.S. 
Holder, that holder is not present in the U.S. for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale, 
exchange or retirement and certain other conditions are met; and (iii) the Non-U.S. Holder is not 
subject to tax pursuant to provisions of the Code applicable to certain expatriates. 
In some cases, a Forward Security issued by the U.S. Branch may provide for amounts that are fixed 
or accrue prior to maturity but are paid at maturity. In that event, such amounts paid to a Non-U.S. 
Holder might be subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. (which may be reduced under an 
applicable income tax treaty). Even if the Issuer or an applicable withholding agent generally treats 
such amounts as eligible for an exemption from withholding, in light of the uncertain treatment of such 
amounts the Issuer or an applicable withholding agent might require a Non-U.S. Holder to provide a 
statement signed under penalties of perjury that certifies that it is a non-United States person in 
compliance with applicable requirements (generally, an appropriate IRS Form W-8) or to satisfy 
certain documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-United States person. 
Further, amounts paid in respect of Forward Securities that are treated as a "dividend equivalent" 
payment under Section 871(m) of the Code (see "U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding" below) may 
be subject to withholding under FATCA if a Non-U.S. Holder fails to certify that it is eligible to receive 
payments free from FATCA withholding. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers 
regarding the treatment of such payments. 
Option Securities 
A Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax in 
respect of amounts paid on an Option Security treated as a Put Option and Deposit issued by the 
U.S. Branch, provided that the requirements in the second paragraph under "Taxation of Securities—
United States Taxation—Part B – Non-U.S. Holders—U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of 
Securities Treated as Debt" are met. While the Issuer currently does not intend to withhold on 
payments to Non-U.S. Holders on Option Securities treated as Put Options and Deposits (assuming 
these requirements are met), in light of the uncertain treatment of the Securities, other persons having 
withholding responsibility in respect of the Securities may treat some or all of each periodic payment 
on a Security as subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. (which may be reduced under an 
applicable income tax treaty). Moreover, it is possible that in the future the Issuer may determine that 
it should so withhold at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable income tax 
treaty, on periodic payments on the Securities. A Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to 
U.S. federal withholding or income tax with respect to the taxable disposition of an Option Security 
treated as a Put Option and Deposit (other than with respect to amounts attributable to an accrued 
periodic payment, which are discussed above).

--- Page 673 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
673 
 
 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
The U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act introduced Section 871(m) of the Code which 
treats a "dividend equivalent" payment as a dividend from sources within the United States. Under 
Section 871(m), such payments generally would be subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax that 
may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or 
refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the IRS. A "dividend 
equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a 
sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference 
to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to 
a "specified notional principal contract" that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by 
reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iii) any other 
payment determined by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). The 
final U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the "Section 
871(m) Regulations") require withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the Securities with respect 
to amounts treated as attributable to dividends from certain U.S. securities.  Under the Section 871(m) 
Regulations, only a Security that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of the 
underlying U.S. security based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations will be subject to 
the Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such Security a "Specified Security"). The Section 
871(m) Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding requirement, in particular for 
instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are 
made on a Specified Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. 
holder of the Specified Security.  If the underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay 
dividends during the term of the Specified Security, withholding generally will still be required even if 
the Specified Security does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. Additionally, the 
Issuer may withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the Securities in respect of any 
dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Securities regardless of any exemption from, or 
reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, where a holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the 
United States).  A holder may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the 
required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular refund claim will be timely paid or paid 
at all. If an Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer 
nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so 
withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Securities issued on or after 1 January 
2017.  If the terms of a Security are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax 
purposes), the Security generally would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such 
modification for purposes of determining, based on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether 
such Security is a Specified Security. Similarly, if additional Securities of the same series are issued 
(or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Securities out of inventory) after the 
original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing Securities 
are Specified Securities as the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. Consequently, a previously 
out of scope Security might be treated as a Specified Security following such modification or further 
issuance. 
In addition, with respect to Securities that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an 
underlying U.S. security or an index that includes U.S. securities, all payments on the Securities that 
reference such U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by 
reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such 
case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the 
Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in 
Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
The applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Securities are 
Specified Securities and may specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the

--- Page 674 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
674 
 
 
application of Section 871(m) to Securities. If Securities are Specified Securities, a non-U.S. holder of 
the Securities should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. 
securities underlying those Securities.  The Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of 
the Securities, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex 
calculations to be made with respect to Securities linked to U.S. securities and their application to a 
specific issue of Securities may be uncertain. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of 
Section 871(m) to the Securities. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by "foreign 
financial institutions" ("foreign passthru payments") and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as 
described above in "U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding"), in each case, to persons that fail to meet 
certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuers (and any branches thereof located 
outside the United States) are foreign financial institutions for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Hong Kong, Singapore and the United Kingdom) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of 
IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
With respect to Securities issued by a branch or office outside the United States ("Non-U.S. 
Securities"), certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such 
as the Non-U.S. Securities, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Non-U.S. Securities, are uncertain 
and may be subject to change. If withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to foreign passthru payments, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register and Non-U.S. Securities characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or 
before the relevant grandfathering date would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date. The grandfathering date for (A) Non-U.S. Securities that 
give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months after the date on which 
final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal 
Register, and (B) Non-U.S. Securities that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder, is six months after the date on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise 
to dividend equivalents. If additional Non-U.S. Securities (as described under "General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues", "General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants—Further 
Issues" and "General Terms and Conditions of the Certificates—Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from such previously issued grandfathered Non-U.S. Securities are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Non-U.S. Securities, including the Non-U.S. Securities offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Non-
U.S. Securities. 
Securities issued by SCB's New York branch may be subject to withholding under FATCA if the 
holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary in the chain of payments is not FATCA compliant as 
described above under "Taxation of Securities—United States Taxation—Part B – Non-U.S. Holders".

--- Page 675 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
675 
 
 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time.  The above 
description is based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of which are 
subject to change or may be implemented in a materially different form.  Prospective investors 
should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply to the relevant Issuer and to 
payments they may receive in connection with the Securities. 
2. 
United Kingdom Taxation 
The following is a summary of the Issuers' understanding of current United Kingdom tax law and 
published HM Revenue and Customs' practice relating only to the United Kingdom withholding tax 
treatment of payments in respect of Securities and to whether the issue, transfer, redemption, 
exercise or settlement of a Security could be subject to United Kingdom stamp duty or stamp duty 
reserve tax.  It does not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, 
holding, exercising, disposing or the settlement or redemption of Securities.  The United Kingdom tax 
treatment of prospective Securityholders depends on their individual circumstances and may be 
subject to change in the future.  Prospective Securityholders who may be subject to tax in a 
jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may be unsure as to their tax position should seek 
their own professional advice.   
In the following paragraphs references to "Notes" include both Notes and Certificates.   
Withholding taxes 
United Kingdom withholding taxes can apply to a number of different types of payments.  Those which 
could be relevant to the Securities include: interest, annual payments and manufactured payments.   
Payments of interest  
Whether or not payments or any part of any payment on a Security will constitute "interest" will 
depend upon, amongst other things, the terms and conditions of the Securities and the basis upon 
which amounts payable on the Securities are calculated. 
Payments of interest on the Securities that does not have a United Kingdom source may be made 
without deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax.  If interest paid on the 
Securities does have a United Kingdom source, then payments may be made without deduction or 
withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax in either of the following circumstances. 
SCB will be entitled to make payments of interest on the Securities without deduction of or withholding 
on account of United Kingdom income tax provided that: 
(a) 
it continues to be a bank within the meaning of section 991 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (ITA 
2007); and 
(b) 
the interest on the Securities is paid in the ordinary course of SCB's business within the 
meaning of section 878 ITA 2007. 
On the basis that neither SCBHK nor SCBSL are "banks" for these purposes, they would not be able 
to rely on this exemption. 
Payments of interest on the Notes by any of the Issuers may also be made without deduction of or 
withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax provided that the Notes are and continue to be 
listed on a "recognised stock exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 ITA 2007.  EuroNext 
Dublin is a recognised stock exchange.  The Notes will satisfy this requirement if they are officially 
listed in Ireland in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA 
states and are admitted to trading on EuroNext Dublin.  Provided, therefore, that the Notes are and 
remain so listed on a "recognised stock exchange", interest on the Notes will be payable without 
deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom tax (in the case of SCB, whether or not 
SCB is a bank and whether or not the interest is paid in the ordinary course of its business).

--- Page 676 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
676 
 
 
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Securities that 
has a United Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 
20%), subject to any other available exemptions and reliefs. 
Annual Payments 
If a periodic payment on a Security were not "interest", and not repayment of principal, then such 
payment could constitute an "annual payment".  Whether or not any periodic payment were to 
constitute an "annual payment" for these purposes will depend upon, amongst other things, the terms 
and conditions of the Securities and the basis upon which it is calculated. However, if in relation to a 
Security the Issuer is only required to make a single payment to its holders following redemption or 
exercise, and there are no amounts due by way of interest, Interim Payment or other periodic 
payment on that Security, payments should not generally constitute "annual payments". 
Payments on a Security which constitute "annual payments" that do not have a United Kingdom 
source may be made without deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
An amount must generally be withheld from "annual payments" on Securities that have a United 
Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20%), subject 
to any other available exemptions and reliefs.   
Manufactured Payments 
Payments on the Securities should not constitute "manufactured payments" subject to any deduction 
of or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax unless: 
(i) 
the Securities will or may settle by way of physical delivery; 
(ii) 
the assets which will or may be delivered are shares issued by a "company UK REIT" or the 
"principal company" of a "group UK REIT" (all bearing the same meaning as in section 918 
ITA 2007) or securities (other than shares) issued by the United Kingdom government, a local 
or other public authority in the United Kingdom or any other United Kingdom resident body; 
and 
(iii) 
the payments are representative of dividends on those shares, or interest paid on those 
securities (as the case may be). 
Payments satisfying conditions (i) to (iii) above that are paid by SCB, or that are paid by SCBHK or 
SCBSL in the course of a trade carried on in the United Kingdom through a branch or agency, must 
generally be made subject to deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax at 
the basic rate (subject to reliefs and exemptions). 
Stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax 
A charge to stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax may, in certain circumstances, arise on the issue, 
transfer, exercise, settlement and/or redemption of Securities and stamp duty reserve tax may also be 
payable in relation to any agreement to transfer Securities.  This will depend upon the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Securities.  Securityholders should take their own advice from an 
appropriately qualified professional advisor in this regard. 
3. 
HONG KONG TAXATION 
The following provides certain limited information in relation to the anticipated Hong Kong tax 
treatment in relation to payments on the Warrants, Notes or Certificates (the "Securities"), is based 
on the taxation law and practice in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and does not constitute 
legal or tax advice, and prospective investors should be aware that the relevant fiscal rules and 
practice and their interpretation may change. Prospective investors should consult their own 
professional advisers on the implications of subscribing for, buying, holding, selling, exercising,

--- Page 677 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
677 
 
 
redeeming or disposing of Securities and the receipt of any payments with respect to such Securities 
under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they may be liable to taxation. 
Withholding Tax 
No withholding tax is payable in Hong Kong on (i) any payments in Hong Kong in respect of the 
Warrants or the Certificates; or (ii) any payments of principal on redemption of the Notes or interest on 
the Notes or in respect of any capital gains arising from the sale of the Notes. 
Capital Gains Tax 
No capital gains tax is payable in Hong Kong on any capital gains arising from resale of the 
Securities. 
Profits Tax 
Warrants 
Hong Kong profits tax is chargeable on every person carrying on a trade, profession or business in 
Hong Kong in respect of assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong from such trade, 
profession or business (excluding profits arising from the sale of capital assets). 
Hong Kong profits tax may be charged on profits arising from the sale, disposal or exercise of 
Warrants where the sale, disposal or exercise is or forms part of a trade, profession or business 
carried on in Hong Kong. 
Notes and Certificates 
Hong Kong profits tax is chargeable on every person carrying on a trade, profession or business in 
Hong Kong in respect of assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong from such trade, 
profession or business (excluding profits arising from the sale of capital assets). 
Interim Payments on the Certificates which constitute a payment of interest for Hong Kong profit tax 
purposes, or interest on the Notes (in accordance with Inland Revenue Ordinance (Cap. 112 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong) (the "IRO") may be deemed to be profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong 
from a trade, profession or business carried on in Hong Kong in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
interest on the Notes or Interim Payments on the Certificates are derived from Hong Kong 
and are received by or accrue to a corporation carrying on a trade, profession or business in 
Hong Kong; or 
(b) 
interest on the Notes or Interim Payments on the Certificates are derived from Hong Kong 
and are received by or accrue to a person, other than a corporation, carrying on a trade, 
profession or business in Hong Kong and are in respect of the funds of that trade, profession 
or business; or 
(c) 
interest on the Notes or Interim Payments on the Certificates are received by or accrue to a 
financial institution (as defined in the IRO) and arise through or from the carrying on by the 
financial institution of its business in Hong Kong, notwithstanding that the moneys in respect 
of which the interest or the Interim Payments are received by or accrue to are made available 
by the financial institution outside Hong Kong; or 
(d) 
interest on the Notes or Interim Payments on the Certificates are received by or accrue to a 
corporation, other than a financial institution, and arise through or from the carrying on in 
Hong Kong by the corporation of its intra-group financing business (within the meaning of 
section 16(3) of the IRO), notwithstanding that the moneys in respect of which the interest or 
the Interim Payments are received by or accrue to are made available by the intra-group 
financing business outside Hong Kong.

--- Page 678 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
678 
 
 
Pursuant to the Exemption from Profits Tax (Interest Income) Order, interest income on the Notes or 
Interim Payments on the Certificates accruing on or after 22 June 1998 to a person other than a 
financial institution on deposits (denominated in any currency and whether or not the deposit is 
evidenced by a certificate of deposit) placed with, inter alia, an authorized institution in Hong Kong 
(within the meaning of section 2 of the Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of the Laws of Hong Kong)) is 
exempt from the payment of Hong Kong profits tax. This exemption does not apply, however, to 
deposits that are used to guarantee money borrowed in certain circumstances. Provided no 
prospectus involving the issue of the Notes or Certificates is registered under the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O"), 
the issue of the Notes or the Certificates by the Issuer is expected to constitute a deposit to which the 
above exemption from payment will apply. 
With respect to the Notes, 
(a) 
sums received by or accrued to a financial institution by way of gains or profits arising through 
or from the carrying on by the financial institution of its business in Hong Kong from the sale, 
disposal or redemption of the Notes will be subject to Hong Kong profits tax;. 
(b) 
sums derived from the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes will be subject to Hong Kong 
profits tax where received by or accrued to a person, other than a corporation, who carries on 
a trade, profession or business in Hong Kong and the sum has a Hong Kong source; and  
(c) 
sums received by or accrued to a corporation (other than a financial institution) by way of 
gains or profits arising through or from the carrying on in Hong Kong by the corporation of its 
intra-group financing business (as defined in section 16(3) of the IRO) from the sale, disposal 
or redemption of the Notes will be subject to Hong Kong profits tax.  
With respect to the Certificates, Hong Kong profits tax may be charged on profits arising from the 
sale, disposal or redemption of Certificates where the sale, disposal or redemption is or forms part of 
a trade, profession or business carried on in Hong Kong. 
Stamp Duty 
Warrants and Certificates 
No stamp duty is payable on issue of the Warrants or the Certificates. Stamp duty may be payable on 
any transfer of the Warrants or Certificates if the relevant transfer is required to be registered in Hong 
Kong (i.e. meets the definition of "Hong Kong stock" as defined in the Stamp Duty Ordinance (Cap. 
117 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the "SDO")).  Any stamp duty payable in the issuance of a series of 
Certificates will be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Unless exempted or provided otherwise by the SDO, if Hong Kong stock is transferred and delivered 
to the holder of the Warrants or the Certificates under the terms and conditions of the Warrants or 
Certificates, there will be stamp duty payable on such transfer and delivery of Hong Kong stock at the 
rate of 0.26 per cent. of the amount, being the consideration for such transfer or the market value of 
such Hong Kong stock, whichever is higher.  Such stamp duty will generally be payable equally by the 
transferor and the transferee (i.e. 0.13 per cent.). 
Under the terms and conditions of the Warrants or Certificates, the holders of the Warrants or the 
Certificates are required to pay all Delivery Expenses which include both transferor's and transferee's 
stamp duty in respect of delivery of any assets (which are dutiable instrument pursuant to the SDP 
with respect to the Certificates) due on physical settlement of the Warrants or the Certificates). 
Bearer Notes 
Stamp duty will not be payable on the issue of Bearer Notes provided either: 
(a) 
The Bearer notes are neither issued by a Hong Kong entity nor issued in Hong Kong; or

--- Page 679 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
679 
 
 
(b) 
such Bearer Notes are loans denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong 
Kong and are not repayable in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong. 
If issuance stamp duty is payable, it is payable by the relevant Issuer on issue of Bearer Notes at a 
rate of three per cent. of the market value of the Bearer Notes at the time of issue. 
No transfer stamp duty will be payable on any subsequent transfer of Bearer Notes. 
Registered Notes 
No issuance stamp duty is payable on the issue of Registered Notes.  
Transfer stamp duty may be payable on any transfer of Registered Notes if the relevant transfer is 
required to be registered in Hong Kong (i.e. meets the definition of "Hong Kong stock" as defined in 
the SDO). Stamp duty will, however, not be payable on any transfers of Registered Notes provided 
that either: 
(i) 
the Registered Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency of Hong Kong 
and are not repayable in any circumstances in the currency of Hong Kong; or 
(ii) 
the Registered Notes constitute loan capital (as defined in the SDO). 
If stamp duty is payable in respect of the transfer of Registered Notes, it will be payable at the rate of 
0.26 per cent. (of which 0.13 per cent. is payable by the seller and 0.13 per cent. is payable by the 
purchaser) normally by reference to the consideration or its market value, whichever is higher. If, in 
the case of either the sale or purchase of such Registered Notes, stamp duty is not paid, both the 
seller and the purchaser may be liable jointly and severally to pay any unpaid stamp duty and also 
any penalties for late payment.  If the Registered Notes are not stamped on or before the due date 
(within two days after the sale or purchase if effected in Hong Kong, or within thirty days after the sale 
or purchase if effected elsewhere) a penalty of up to ten times the stamp duty payable may be 
imposed. In addition, stamp duty is payable at the fixed rate of HK$5 on each instrument of transfer 
executed in relation to any transfer of the Registered Notes if the relevant transfer is required to be 
registered in Hong Kong. 
Unless exempted or provided otherwise by the SDO, if Hong Kong stock is transferred and delivered 
to the holder of the Notes under the terms and conditions of the Notes, there will be stamp duty 
payable on such transfer and delivery of Hong Kong stock at the rate of 0.26 per cent. of the amount, 
being the consideration for such transfer or the market value of such Hong Kong stock, whichever is 
higher.  Such stamp duty will generally be payable equally by the transferor and the transferee (i.e. 
0.13 per cent.). 
Under the terms and conditions of the Notes, Noteholders are required to pay all Delivery Expenses 
which include both transferor's and transferee's stamp duty in respect of delivery of any assets (which 
are dutiable instruments pursuant to the SDO) due on physical settlement of the Notes. 
4. 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland of the Irish 
withholding tax position of investors who are the absolute beneficial owners of their Securities. 
Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Securities 
including dealers in securities and trusts. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the 
comments below are of a general nature only and should be treated with appropriate caution. It does 
not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Securities. 
Prospective investors in the Securities should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, exercise, redemption or sale of the Securities and the receipt of 
any payments of interim amounts with respect to such Securities under the laws of their country of 
residence, citizenship or domicile.

--- Page 680 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
680 
 
 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. The Issuers will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from 
payments of interest on the Securities so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source 
income. Interest and premium paid on the Securities may be treated as having an Irish source if: 
(a) 
the Issuers are resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(b) 
the Issuers have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of 
which is used to fund the payments on the Securities; or 
(c) 
the Issuers are not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Securities is 
maintained in Ireland or, if the Securities are in bearer form, the Securities are physically held 
in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that (i) the Issuers are not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the 
Issuers do not have and will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (iii) bearer 
Securities will not be physically located in Ireland; and (iv) the Issuers will not maintain a register of 
any registered Securities in Ireland. 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 25 per cent.) on 
any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the stocks, funds, shares or 
securities, including in particular the Securities, of a company not resident in Ireland, where such 
interest, dividends or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in 
Ireland. 
Encashment tax will not apply where the Securityholder (i) is not resident in Ireland and has made a 
declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank, or (ii) is a company which is 
within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the payment. 
5. 
Singapore Taxation 
The statements made below are of a general nature and are based on certain aspects of current tax 
laws in Singapore, the Singapore Budget 2022 announced on 18 February 2022 and administrative 
guidelines and circulars issued by Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore ("IRAS") and the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore ("MAS") in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any 
changes in such laws, announcements, administrative guidelines or circulars, or the interpretation of 
those laws, announcements, guidelines or circulars, occurring after such date, which changes could 
be made on a retroactive basis. 
These laws, announcements, guidelines and circulars are also subject to various interpretations and 
no assurance can be given that the relevant tax authorities or the courts will agree with the 
explanations or conclusions set out below. Neither these statements nor any other statements in this 
Base Prospectus are intended or are to be regarded as advice on the Singapore tax position of any 
holder of Notes or Certificates (each, a "Securityholder") or of any person acquiring, selling or 
otherwise dealing in the Notes or the Certificates (the "Securities") or on any tax implications arising 
from the acquisition, sale or other dealings in respect of the Securities. The statements made herein 
do not purport to be a comprehensive or exhaustive description of all the Singapore tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose 
of the Securities and there may be additional taxation issues arising from particular types of 
Securities which have not been addressed in the statements. In addition, neither the 
statements made below nor any other statements in this Base Prospectus address the 
Singapore tax position of any holder of Warrants or of any person acquiring, selling or 
otherwise dealing in the Warrants, or on any tax considerations or implications that may be 
relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Warrants or arising 
from the acquisition, sale or other dealings in respect of the Warrants. The statements also do

--- Page 681 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
681 
 
 
not purport to deal with the Singapore tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, 
some of which (such as dealers in securities or financial institutions in Singapore which have been 
granted the relevant financial sector incentive tax incentive(s)) may be subject to special rules or tax 
rates. The statements also do not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to any 
particular purchaser. Prospective purchasers of Securities should consult their own professional 
advisers regarding their respective tax positions or any tax implications of the purchase, ownership, 
transfer or disposal of Securities, including, in particular, the effect of any foreign, state or local tax 
laws to which they are subject. It is emphasised that none of the Issuers, the Managers and any other 
persons involved in the issue of the Securities accepts responsibility for any tax effects or liabilities 
resulting from the subscription for, purchase, holding or disposal of the Securities. 
Interest and Other Payments on the Securities 
Subject to the following paragraphs, under section 12(6) of the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore 
(the "ITA"), the following payments are deemed to be derived from Singapore: 
(a) 
any interest, commissions, fees or any other payment in connection with any loan or 
indebtedness or with any arrangement, management, guarantee or service relating to any 
loan or indebtedness which is (i) borne, directly or indirectly, by a person resident in 
Singapore or a permanent establishment in Singapore (except in respect of any business 
carried on outside Singapore through a permanent establishment outside Singapore or any 
immovable property situated outside Singapore) or (ii) deductible against any income 
accruing in or derived from Singapore; or 
(b) 
any income derived from loans where the funds provided by such loans are brought into or 
used in Singapore. 
Such payments, where made to a person not known to the paying party to be a resident in Singapore 
for tax purposes, are generally subject to withholding tax in Singapore. The rate at which tax is to be 
withheld for such payments (other than those subject to the 15 per cent. final withholding tax 
described below) to non-resident persons (other than non-resident individuals) is currently 17 per 
cent. The applicable rate for non-resident individuals is currently 22 per cent., and is proposed to be 
increased to 24 per cent. from the Year of Assessment 2024 pursuant to the Singapore Budget 2022 
announced on 18 February 2022. However, if the payment is derived by a person not resident in 
Singapore otherwise than from any trade, business, profession or vocation carried on or exercised by 
such person in Singapore and is not effectively connected with any permanent establishment in 
Singapore of that person, the payment is subject to a final withholding tax of 15 per cent. The rate of 
15 per cent. may be reduced by applicable tax treaties. 
However, certain Singapore-sourced investment income derived by individuals from financial 
instruments is exempt from tax, including: 
(i) 
interest from debt securities derived on or after 1 January 2004; 
(ii) 
discount income (not including discount income arising from secondary trading) from debt 
securities derived on or after 17 February 2006; and  
(iii) 
prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost from debt securities derived on or after 15 
February 2007, 
except where such income is derived through a partnership in Singapore or is derived from the 
carrying on of a trade, business or profession. 
Exemption from Withholding Tax for payments made by specified entities 
Pursuant to Section 45I of the ITA, payments of income which are deemed under Section 12(6) of the 
ITA to be derived from Singapore and which are made by a specified entity shall be exempt from 
withholding tax if such payments are liable to be made by such specified entity for the purpose of its 
trade or business under a debt security which is issued during the period from 17 February 2012 to 31

--- Page 682 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
682 
 
 
December 2026 (both dates inclusive), provided further that the payment does not arise from a 
transaction to which the general-anti-avoidance rule in Section 33 of the ITA applies.  
Notwithstanding the above, permanent establishments in Singapore of non-resident persons are 
required to declare such payments in their annual income tax returns and will be assessed to tax on 
such payments (unless specifically exempt from tax). A specified entity includes a bank or merchant 
bank licensed under the Banking Act 1970 of Singapore. 
Qualifying Debt Securities Scheme 
The following section applies to the extent that the Securities constitute "debt securities". 
In addition, if more than half of the nominal amount of a tranche of Securities issued as debt securities 
under the Programme are distributed by a financial sector incentive (capital market) company, a 
financial sector incentive (standard tier) company and/or a financial sector incentive (bond market) 
company for the purposes of ITA and such tranche of Securities are issued as debt securities under 
the Programme on or before 31 December 2023 (hereinafter called "Relevant Securities"), such 
Relevant Securities would be "qualifying debt securities" for the purposes of the ITA, to which the 
following treatments shall apply: 
(i) 
(in the case where payments on the Relevant Securities falls within Section 12(6) of the ITA) 
subject to certain prescribed conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing of a 
return on debt securities to the MAS for the Relevant Securities within such period as the 
relevant authorities may specify and such other particulars in connection with the Relevant 
Securities as the MAS may require, and the inclusion by the relevant Issuer in all offering 
documents relating to the Relevant Securities of a statement to the effect that where interest, 
discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost from the Relevant 
Securities is derived by a person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any 
operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption 
for qualifying debt securities shall not apply if the non-resident person acquires the Relevant 
Securities using funds from that person's operations through the Singapore permanent 
establishment), interest, discount income (not including discount income arising from 
secondary trading), prepayment fee, redemption premium and break cost (collectively, the 
"Qualifying Income") from the Relevant Securities, derived by a Noteholder who is not 
resident in Singapore and (A) who does not have any permanent establishment in Singapore, 
or (B) carries on any operation in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore 
but the funds used by that person to acquire the Relevant Securities are not obtained from 
such person's operation through a permanent establishment in Singapore, are exempt from 
Singapore tax; 
(ii) 
subject to certain conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing of a return on debt 
securities to the MAS for the Relevant Securities within such period as the MAS may specify 
and such other particulars in connection with the Relevant Securities as the MAS may 
require), Qualifying Income from the Relevant Securities derived by any company or body of 
persons (as defined in the ITA) in Singapore is subject to income tax at a concessionary rate 
of 10 per cent (except for holders of the relevant financial sector incentive(s) who may be 
taxed at different rates).; and 
(iii) 
(in the case where payments on the Relevant Securities falls within Section 12(6) of the ITA) 
subject to: 
I. 
the relevant Issuer including in all offering documents relating to the Relevant 
Securities a statement to the effect that any person whose interest, discount income, 
prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Relevant 
Securities is not exempt from tax shall declare and include such income in a return of 
income made under the ITA; and

--- Page 683 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
683 
 
 
II. 
the furnishing to the MAS of a return on debt securities for the Relevant Securities 
within such period as the relevant authorities may specify and such other particulars 
in connection with the Relevant Securities as the MAS may require, 
payments of Qualifying Income derived from the Relevant Securities is not subject to 
withholding of tax by the relevant Issuer. 
Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived from 
any of the Relevant Securities by any person who (i) is not resident in Singapore and (ii) carries on 
any operations in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption 
available for qualifying debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under the ITA shall not apply if 
such person acquires such Relevant Securities using the funds and profits of such person's 
operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, discount 
income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived from the Relevant Securities is 
not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a return 
of income made under the ITA. 
However, notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(A) 
if during the primary launch of any tranche of Relevant Securities, such Relevant Securities 
are issued to fewer than four persons and 50 per cent. or more of the issue of such Relevant 
Securities is beneficially held or funded, directly or indirectly, by related parties of the relevant 
Issuer, such Relevant Securities would not qualify as "qualifying debt securities"; and 
(B) 
even though a particular tranche of Relevant Securities may qualify as "qualifying debt 
securities", if, at any time during the tenure of such tranche of Relevant Securities, 50 per 
cent. or more of the issue of such Relevant Securities is held beneficially or funded, directly or 
indirectly, by any related party(ies) of the relevant Issuer, Qualifying Income derived by: 
(i) 
any related party of the relevant Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire such Relevant 
Securities are obtained, directly or indirectly, from any related party of the relevant 
Issuer, 
shall not be eligible for the tax exemption or the concessionary rate of tax as described 
above. 
Where the issuer of the Relevant Securities is SCBSL and such Relevant Securities are issued to any 
person who is not a resident of Singapore in connection with or for the purpose of enabling that non-
resident person to issue securities (referred to in this sub-paragraph as the Subsequent Issuance), 
directly or indirectly, to investors, the exemption from tax shall apply only if 
(i) 
the Subsequent Issuance is a qualifying debt security; 
(ii) 
the Subsequent Issuance contain restrictions against the acquisition of such relevant 
securities comprised in the Subsequent Issuance by any investor who is a resident of 
or a permanent establishment in Singapore; and 
(iii) 
the Subsequent Issuance is not acquired by any investor using funds from its 
Singapore operations. 
The term "related party", in relation to a person ("A"), means any other person who, directly or 
indirectly, controls A, or is controlled, directly or indirectly, by A, or where A and that other person, 
directly or indirectly, are under the control of a common person. 
For the purposes of the ITA and this Singapore tax disclosure:

--- Page 684 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
684 
 
 
"break cost", in relation to debt securities and qualifying debt securities, means any fee payable by 
the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, the amount of which is 
determined by any loss or liability incurred by the holder of the securities in connection with such 
redemption; 
"prepayment fee", in relation to debt securities and qualifying debt securities, means any fee payable 
by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities, the amount of which is 
determined by the terms of the issuance of the securities; and 
"redemption premium", in relation to debt securities and qualifying debt securities, means any 
premium payable by the issuer of the securities on the redemption of the securities upon their 
maturity. 
6. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
The following provides certain limited information in relation to the anticipated DIFC tax treatment in 
relation to payments on the Warrants, the Notes and the Certificates, is based on the taxation law and 
practice in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and does not constitute legal or tax advice, and 
prospective investors should be aware that the relevant fiscal rules and practice and their 
interpretation may change.  
Pursuant to Article 14 of Law No. (9) of 2004 in respect of the Dubai International Financial Centre 
(the "DIFC Law"), entities licensed, registered or otherwise authorised to carry on financial services in 
the DIFC and their employees shall be subject to a zero rate of tax for a period of 50 years from 13 
September 2004. This zero rate of tax applies to income, corporation and capital gains tax. In 
addition, this zero rate of tax will also extend to repatriation of capital and to transfers of assets or 
profits or salaries to any party outside the DIFC. Article 14 of the DIFC Law also provides that it is 
possible to renew the 50-year period to a similar period upon issuance of a resolution by the Ruler of 
the Emirate of Dubai. As a result no payments by the Issuer under the Warrants, the Notes and the 
Certificates are subject to any DIFC tax, whether by withholding or otherwise. 
7. 
FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX ("FTT")  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's 
Proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States").  However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
Securities where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
PURCHASERS AND SELLERS OF SECURITIES MAY BE REQUIRED TO PAY STAMP DUTIES, 
TAXES AND/OR OTHER CHARGES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS AND PRACTICE OF

--- Page 685 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
 
 
685 
 
 
THE COUNTRY OF PURCHASE OR SALE IN ADDITION TO THE ISSUE PRICE OF EACH 
SECURITY. POTENTIAL PURCHASERS OF SECURITIES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR 
OWN TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING ANY 
SECURITIES.

--- Page 686 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
686 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") 
currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained 
from sources that the Issuers believe to be reliable, but none of the Issuers nor any Manager takes 
any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing 
Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuers nor any other party to the Notes Agency 
Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments 
made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any 
Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised each Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member 
of the Federal Reserve system, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. 
DTC holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also 
facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and 
pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct 
Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. 
Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of The Depositary Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC).  DTCC is the holding company for DTC, 
National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are 
registered clearing agencies.  DTCC is owned by the users of its regulation subsidiaries.  Access to 
the DTC system is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust 
companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either 
directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants").  The DTC rules applicable to its participants are on file 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  More information about DTCC can be found at 
www.dtcc.com. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the 
"Rules"), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose 
behalf it acts with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") 
as described below, and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. 
The Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect 
Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the 
DTC Notes are similarly required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such 
payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes 
through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by 
virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will 
receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, 
which will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual 
purchaser of each DTC Note (a "Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant 
or Indirect Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of 
their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details 
of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or 
Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of 
ownership interests in DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of 
Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates

--- Page 687 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
687 
 
 
representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry 
system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their 
registration in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of 
the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the 
Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on 
behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct 
Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial 
Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are 
being redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct 
Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the relevant Issuer as soon as possible after the record 
date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct 
Participants to whose accounts DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing 
attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC. DTC's practice is to credit 
Direct Participants' accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings 
shown on DTC's records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due 
date. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form 
or registered in "street name", and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the 
relevant Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to 
time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the relevant Issuer, 
disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement 
of such payments to Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct Participants and Indirect 
Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will 
exchange the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in 
accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A 
Global Note, will be legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Notes from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services 
including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities 
and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with 
domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial 
relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between 
their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other.

--- Page 688 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
688 
 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are worldwide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. 
Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The relevant Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such 
Registered Global Note, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the 
respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered 
Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be 
designated by or on behalf of the relevant Manager. Ownership of beneficial interests in such a 
Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the 
case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be 
shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by 
DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct 
Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by 
DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the 
case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the FX Agent on 
behalf of DTC or its nominee and the FX Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) 
remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the 
Registered Global Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion 
of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participant's account. 
Each Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to 
believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. Each Issuer also expects that 
payments by Participants to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar or the relevant Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to 
DTC is the responsibility of the relevant Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require 
that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to 
transfer Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability 
to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of 
Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a 
person having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to 
pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to 
take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted 
by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee 
of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in 
the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described 
under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between 
DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear 
accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its 
rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Agent and any custodian ("Custodian") with 
whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited.

--- Page 689 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
689 
 
 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders 
in Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between 
participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date 
(T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. 
Because there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected 
through the Registrar, the Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, 
certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the 
credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement 
between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be 
made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and 
arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants 
and accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no 
obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures and such procedures may be 
discontinued or changed at any time. None of the relevant Issuer, the Agents or any Manager will be 
responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective 
direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations, and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial interests.

--- Page 690 ---
ERISA MATTERS 
 
 
690 
 
 
ERISA MATTERS 
A fiduciary of a pension, profit-sharing or other employee benefit plan governed by the United States 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), should consider the 
fiduciary standards of ERISA in the context of the ERISA plan's particular circumstances before 
authorizing an investment in the offered Securities of an Issuer. Among other factors, the fiduciary 
should consider whether such an investment is in accordance with the documents governing the 
ERISA plan and whether the investment is appropriate for the ERISA plan in view of its overall 
investment policy and diversification of its portfolio. 
Certain provisions of ERISA and the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), prohibit an "employee benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that are subject to 
Title I of ERISA, a "plan" (as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code) subject to Section 4975 of the 
Code (including, without limitation, retirement accounts and Keogh plans), or an entity whose 
underlying assets include "plan assets" by reason of an employee benefit plan's or a plan's 
investment in such entities (including, without limitation, as applicable, insurance company general 
accounts) (each of the foregoing, a "Plan"), from engaging in certain transactions involving "plan 
assets" with parties that are "parties in interest" under ERISA or "disqualified persons" under the Code 
with respect to the Plan. Governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church 
plans (as defined in Section 3(33) of ERISA), non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of 
ERISA) and other plans that are not subject to ERISA or to Section 4975 of the Code may be subject 
to federal, state, local or non-U.S. law or regulation that is substantially similar to the provisions of 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code ("Similar Law"). Any employee benefit plan, plan 
or entity, to which such provisions of ERISA, the Code or Similar Law apply, proposing to acquire the 
offered Securities (or any interest therein) should consult with its legal counsel. 
The Issuers have affiliates, including insurance company affiliates and broker-dealer affiliates, that 
provide services to many plans. The Issuers and any of their such affiliates may each be considered a 
"party in interest" and a "disqualified person" to a large number of plans. A purchase of the offered 
Securities of an Issuer by any such plan would be likely to result in a prohibited transaction between 
the plan and the relevant Issuer. 
Accordingly, unless otherwise provided in connection with a particular offering of Securities, offered 
Securities (and interests therein) may not be purchased, held or disposed of by, or on behalf of, any 
Plan or any governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan that is subject to any Similar Law. 
The U.S. Department of Labor has promulgated a regulation, 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as 
modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the "Plan Asset Regulation") describing what constitutes the 
"plan assets" of a plan with respect to the plan's investment in an entity. Under the Plan Asset 
Regulation, if a plan invests in an equity interest of an entity that is neither a publicly-offered security 
nor a security issued by an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, the 
plan's assets include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity's 
underlying assets, unless one of the exceptions to such treatment described in the Plan Asset 
Regulation applies. Under the Plan Asset Regulation, a security which is in debt form may be 
considered an equity interest if it has substantial equity features. If the relevant Issuer were deemed 
under the Plan Asset Regulation to hold "plan assets" by reason of a plan's investment in any of the 
Securities, such "plan assets" would include an undivided interest in the assets held by the relevant 
Issuer and transactions by the relevant Issuer would result in, among other things, (i) the application 
of the prudence and other fiduciary responsibility standards of ERISA to investments made by the 
relevant Issuer, and (ii) the possibility that certain transactions that the relevant Issuer might enter 
into, or may have entered into, in the ordinary course of business might constitute or result in a non-
exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Unless otherwise provided in connection with a particular offering of Securities, any purchaser or 
transferee of the offered Securities (or any interest therein) will be deemed to have represented and 
warranted to the relevant Issuer on each day from the date of its acquisition of the offered Securities 
(or any interest therein) through and including the date of disposition of such offered Securities (or 
any interest therein) that:

--- Page 691 ---
ERISA MATTERS 
 
0078796-0000337 
UKO2: 
2004533472.17 
691 
 
 
(a) 
it is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a Plan, and 
(b) 
it is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan that is 
subject to any Similar Law, and 
(c) 
it will not sell or otherwise transfer any such Securities (or any interest therein) to any person 
without first obtaining the same foregoing representations and warranties from that person. 
If specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in connection with a particular offering of Notes, that such 
offered Notes (and interests therein) may be purchased, held or disposed of by, or on behalf of, a 
Plan or a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan that is subject to any Similar Law, then any 
purchaser or transferee of such offered Notes (or any interest therein) will be deemed to have 
represented and warranted to the relevant Issuer on each day from the date of its acquisition of such 
offered Notes (or any interest therein) through and including the date of disposition of such offered 
Notes (or any interest therein) that: 
(a) 
either (i) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a Plan, or a governmental, church, non-U.S. 
or other plan that is subject to any Similar Law, or (ii) its acquisition, holding and disposition of 
the offered Notes (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the 
case of such a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, a violation of any Similar Law), 
(b) 
it will not sell or otherwise transfer any such Notes (or any interest therein) to any person 
without first obtaining the same foregoing representations and warranties from that person, 
and 
(c) 
if it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Plan, (i) none of the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent 
(if applicable), the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, any other parties 
to the transactions contemplated or any of their respective affiliates has provided any 
investment recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any fiduciary or other person 
investing the assets of the Plan ("Plan Fiduciary"), has relied as a primary basis in 
connection with its decision to invest in such Notes, and they are not otherwise undertaking to 
act as a fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to 
the Plan or the Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Plan's acquisition of such Notes and (ii) 
the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the investment in 
such Notes. 
Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties imposed upon persons involved in prohibited 
transactions, it is important that any person considering the purchase of the offered Securities (or any 
interest therein) with "plan assets" consult with its counsel regarding the consequences under ERISA 
and the Code, or Similar Law, of the acquisition and ownership of offered Securities (or any interest 
therein).

--- Page 692 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
692 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS IN RELATION TO SECURITIES 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS IN RELATION TO WARRANTS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Warrants are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Warrants. 
Each purchaser of Warrants or an interest therein will, by its purchase of such Warrants and upon 
exercise of such Warrants, be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used 
in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A, Regulation S or the Conditions are used herein as 
defined therein) and shall be deemed to make any additional or supplemental acknowledgments, 
representations and agreements as set out in any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other 
relevant offering document or, in respect of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
that either: (a) in the case of the issue or transfer of a Warrant to or for a person who takes 
delivery in the form of Warrants represented by a Unitary Global W&C Security, either (1) it is 
a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Warrants for its own account or the account of one or more 
QIBs and it is aware and each beneficial owner of such Warrants has been advised that any 
sale is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or pursuant to another exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act or (2) it is outside the United States and is not 
a U.S. person, or (b) in the case of the issue or transfer of a Warrant to or for a person who 
takes delivery in the form of Warrants represented by a Regulation S Global W&C Security, it 
is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(ii) 
that in issuing a Warrant linked to any Reference Item, the relevant Issuer is not making, and 
has not made, any representations whatsoever as to the Reference Item with any exchange 
or which any governmental entity regulating the purchase and sale of securities or a Warrant 
linked to any Reference Item; 
(iii) 
that the relevant Issuer and any affiliate of the relevant Issuer may whether by virtue of the 
types of relationships described above or otherwise, at the date hereof or at any time 
hereafter be in possession of information in relation to the issuer of a Reference Item which is 
or may be material in the context of an issue of Warrants linked to such Reference Item and 
which is not or may not be known to the general public or any Warrantholder.  Warrants linked 
to any Reference Item do not create any obligation on the part of the relevant Issuer or any 
affiliate of the relevant Issuer to disclose to any Warrantholder any such relationship or 
information (whether or not confidential) and neither the Issuer nor any affiliate of the relevant 
Issuer shall be liable to any Warrantholder by reason of such non-disclosure.  No such 
information had been used in the selection of any Reference Item for Warrants linked to any 
Reference Item; 
(iv) 
that the relevant Issuer and any affiliate of the relevant Issuer may have existing or future 
business relationships with the issuer of a Reference Item (including, but not limited to, 
lending, depositary, risk management, advisory or banking relationships), and will pursue 
actions and take steps that it deems or they deem necessary or appropriate to protect its or 
their interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for the Warrantholder of 
a Warrant linked to a Reference Item; 
(v) 
that the market value of Warrants linked to a Reference Item may be adversely affected by 
movements in the value of the Reference Item or in currency exchange rates or general 
market conditions; 
(vi) 
that the amounts received (if any) in respect of any Warrant may be less than its issue price; 
(vii) 
that no Warrants are being offered and sold in a transaction involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that no Warrants have been or will

--- Page 693 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
693 
 
 
be registered under the Securities Act or any applicable U.S. State securities laws and no 
Warrants may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(viii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global W&C Security (in which event the 
Warrants represented by such Regulation S Global W&C Security may only be transferred at 
any time outside the United States to a person who is not a U.S. person in a transaction 
pursuant to Regulation S), if in the future it decides to resell, pledge, or otherwise transfer the 
Warrants or any beneficial interests in the Warrants, it will do so only (1) to the relevant Issuer 
or any Affiliate thereof, (2) inside the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably 
believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or another exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act, or (3) outside the United States to a person who is not a 
U.S. person in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S, in each case in accordance 
with all applicable securities laws of the States of the United States and any other jurisdiction 
and as provided in any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering 
document or, in respect of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(ix) 
it will, and will require each subsequent Warrantholder to, notify any purchaser of Warrants 
from it of the resale restrictions referred to in  (viii) above; 
(x) 
that the Warrants initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by a Unitary 
Global W&C Security and that Warrants offered outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S will be represented by (a) a Regulation S Global W&C Security if offered to 
persons who are not U.S. persons only and (b) a Unitary Global W&C Security if concurrently 
offered to persons who are not U.S. persons and to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs 
in the United States; 
(xi) 
that at the time of its purchase and throughout the period in which it holds such Warrants or 
any interest therein (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a Plan, (b) it is not, and is not 
acting on behalf of, a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan that is subject to any 
Similar Law, and (c) it will not sell or otherwise transfer any such Warrant (or any interest 
therein) to any person without first obtaining the same foregoing representations and 
warranties from that person; 
(xii) 
that the Regulation S Global W&C Securities will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS WARRANT AND, IN THE CASE OF WARRANTS TO BE SETTLED BY PHYSICAL 
DELIVERY OF SECURITIES, ANY SUCH SECURITIES, HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 
40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE WARRANTS 
OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS WARRANT FORMS PART. 
BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF A WARRANT OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, THE 
PURCHASER AND/OR HOLDER THEREOF AND EACH TRANSFEREE WILL BE DEEMED 
TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED AT THE TIME OF ITS PURCHASE AND 
THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS SUCH WARRANT OR INTEREST 
THEREIN, THAT (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, AN "EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")) THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A "PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS

--- Page 694 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
694 
 
 
AMENDED (THE "CODE")), TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE APPLIES, OR AN 
ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF AN 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR A PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY, (B) IT IS NOT, 
AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR 
OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW 
OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, AND (C) IT WILL NOT SELL 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY SUCH WARRANT (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) TO 
ANY 
PERSON 
WITHOUT 
FIRST 
OBTAINING 
THE 
SAME 
FOREGOING 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES FROM THAT PERSON."; 
(xiii) 
that the Unitary Global W&C Securities will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS WARRANT AND, IN THE CASE OF WARRANTS TO BE SETTLED BY PHYSICAL 
DELIVERY OF SECURITIES, ANY SUCH SECURITIES, HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS 
SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE 
HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE 
SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE WARRANTS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES AGENCY AGREEMENT AND (1) TO THE ISSUER OR 
ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE 
SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OR ANOTHER 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, 
OR (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT A U.S. PERSON IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS WARRANT IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. [THE WARRANTS REPRESENTED 
BY THIS UNITARY GLOBAL W&C SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXERCISED BY OR ON 
BEHALF OF A PERSON LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY U.S. PERSON.]45 
THIS WARRANT AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES AGENCY AGREEMENT) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH WARRANTS, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS 
ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY 
TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY.  THE HOLDER OF THIS 
WARRANT SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO 
HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH 
SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THIS WARRANT AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON). 
                                                   
45  
Text to be included in legend where non U.S. certification is required upon exercise.

--- Page 695 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
695 
 
 
BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF A WARRANT OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, THE 
PURCHASER AND/OR HOLDER THEREOF AND EACH TRANSFEREE WILL BE DEEMED 
TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED AT THE TIME OF ITS PURCHASE AND 
THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS SUCH WARRANT OR INTEREST 
THEREIN, THAT (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, AN "EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")) THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A "PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED (THE "CODE")), TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE APPLIES, OR AN 
ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF AN 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR A PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY, (B) IT IS NOT, 
AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR 
OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW 
OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, AND (C) IT WILL NOT SELL 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY SUCH WARRANT (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) TO 
ANY 
PERSON 
WITHOUT 
FIRST 
OBTAINING 
THE 
SAME 
FOREGOING 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES FROM THAT PERSON."; 
(xiv) 
Warrants related to a specified currency or basket of currencies, a specified commodity or 
basket of commodities or a specified inflation index or basket of inflation indices may not at 
any time be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, cancelled, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or, to, by or for the account or benefit of, (a) a "U.S. 
person" as defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act, (b) a "U.S. person" as 
defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with 
Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") or the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds 
and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants 
promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time to 
time, pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act or (c) a person other than a "Non-United 
States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, in each case, as such definition may be 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time; and 
(xv) 
that the relevant Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the relevant Issuer and if it is acquiring any Warrants as a fiduciary or agent 
for one or more qualified institutional buyer, it represents that it has sole investment discretion 
with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Warrants in the United States to any one purchaser will be for an issue price of less than 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) and no Unitary Global W&C Securities will be issued 
in connection with such a sale for a smaller issue price. If the U.S. purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary 
acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase Warrants for an issue 
price of at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent). 
Each issuance of Warrants will be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in this section in addition 
to or as supplemented or amended by any other transfer restrictions and restrictions on offering, 
selling, transferring, pledging, delivering, cancelling or exercising the Warrants (including any required 
certifications) specified in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering document 
or, in respect of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Moreover, upon exercise of Warrants, each holder will be deemed to represent that either (a) the 
Warrants are not being exercised by or on behalf of a U.S. person or a person within the United 
States and (b) in certain circumstances, that the Warrants are being exercised by a QIB, as 
determined by the Issuer.  In order to receive any underlying reference assets in respect of physically 
settled Warrants, Warrantholders may be required to certify that (a) Warrants are not being exercised 
by or on behalf of a U.S. person or a person within the United States and (b) in certain circumstances,

--- Page 696 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
696 
 
 
that the Warrants are being exercised by a QIB. By its purchase of Warrants, any such purchaser will 
be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed with such restrictions. 
Furthermore, neither the sale of nor trading in any Warrants has been approved by the CFTC under 
the Commodity Exchange Act, and no U.S. person may at any time purchase, trade or maintain a 
position in such Warrants unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In addition, each 
person exercising such Warrants (or, in the case of Automatic Exercise, receiving payment or delivery 
of amounts in respect of such Warrants as a consequence of such automatic exercise) may be 
required to certify that (a) neither it nor the beneficial owner of the Warrants is a U.S. person or is 
located in the United States or (b) in certain circumstances, that the Warrants are being exercised by 
a QIB. 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS IN RELATION TO NOTES 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised 
to consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of 
such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered 
Global Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Registered Global Note) or 
person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Global Note to another, or from global to 
definitive form or vice versa, will, by its purchase of such Registered Notes, be deemed to 
acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 
144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein) and shall be deemed to make any 
additional or supplemental acknowledgements, representations and agreements as set forth in any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering document or, in respect of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs and it, and each beneficial owner of such Notes, is aware that 
any sale to it is or may be made in reliance on Rule 144A or another exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, or (b) it is outside the United States and is not 
a U.S. person; 
(ii) 
that in issuing a Note linked to any Reference Item or any Credit Linked Note, the relevant 
Issuer is not making, and has not made, any representations whatsoever as to the Reference 
Item or any Reference Entity, as the case may be, with any exchange or with any 
governmental entity regulating the purchase and sale of securities or a Note linked to any 
Reference Item or a Credit Linked Note; 
(iii) 
that the relevant Issuer and any affiliate of the relevant Issuer may whether by virtue of the 
types of relationships described above or otherwise, at the date hereof or at any time 
hereafter be in possession of information in relation to the issuer of a Reference Item or any 
Reference Entity which is or may be material in the context of an issue of Note linked to such 
Reference Item or any Credit Linked Note and which is not or may not be known to the 
general public or any Noteholder.  Notes linked to any Reference Item and Credit Linked 
Notes do not create any obligation on the part of the relevant Issuer or any affiliate of the 
Issuer to disclose to any Noteholder any such relationship or information (whether or not 
confidential) and neither the relevant Issuer nor any affiliate of the relevant Issuer shall be 
liable to any Noteholder by reason of such non-disclosure.  No such information had been 
used in the selection of any Reference Item for Notes linked to any Reference Item or any 
Credit Linked Note, as the case may be; 
(iv) 
that the relevant Issuer and any affiliate of the relevant Issuer may have existing or future 
business relationships with the issuer of a Reference Item or a Reference Entity (including, 
but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory or banking relationships), 
and will pursue actions and take steps that it deems or they deem necessary or appropriate to 
protect its or their interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for the 
Noteholder of a Note linked to a Reference Item or a Credit Linked Note;

--- Page 697 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
697 
 
 
(v) 
that the market value of Notes linked to a Reference Item or Credit Linked Notes may be 
adversely affected by movements in the value of the Reference Item or the credit of the 
relevant Reference Entity or in currency exchange rates or general market conditions; 
(vi) 
that the amounts received (if any) in respect of any Note may be less than its issue price; 
(vii) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities regulatory 
authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth 
below; 
(viii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note or a Regulation S Definitive 
Registered Note and either is a person located outside the United States or is not a U.S. 
person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any 
beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is one year after the later 
of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the relevant Issuer or an 
affiliate of the relevant Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (a) to the relevant Issuer or 
any affiliate thereof, (b) inside the United States to a person whom the seller and any person 
acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the 
account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or another 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, or (c) outside the United 
States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, in 
each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State laws of the securities regulatory 
authority of any other State or other jurisdiction of the United States; 
(ix) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of 
the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph  (viii) above, if then applicable; 
(x) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more 
Rule 144A Global Notes, and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S will be represented by either one or more Regulation S Global Notes or one or 
more Regulation S Definitive Registered Notes, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(xi) 
that, unless otherwise provided in connection with a particular offering of Notes, at the time of 
its purchase and throughout the period in which it holds such Notes (or any interest therein) 
(a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a Plan, (b) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a 
governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan that is subject to any Similar Law, and (c) it will 
not sell or otherwise transfer any such Notes (or any interest therein) to any person without 
first obtaining the same foregoing representations and warranties from that person; 
(xii) 
that, if specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in connection with a particular offering 
of Exempt Notes, that such Notes (and interests therein) may be purchased, held or disposed 
of by, or on behalf of, a Plan or a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan that is subject 
to any Similar Law, then at the time of its purchase and throughout the period in which it holds 
such Notes (or any interest therein) (a) either (i) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a Plan, 
or a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan that is subject to any Similar Law, or (ii) its 
acquisition, holding and disposition of the Notes (or any interest therein) will not constitute or 
result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code (or, in the case of such a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, a violation 
of any Similar Law), (b) it will not sell or otherwise transfer any such Notes (or any interest 
therein) to any person without first obtaining the same foregoing representations and 
warranties from that person (and the Pricing Supplement will bear a legend to that effect 
which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall prevail over any relevant legend in the Notes), and (c) 
if it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Plan, (i) none of the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent 
(if applicable), the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, any other parties 
to the transactions contemplated or any of their respective affiliates has provided any 
investment recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any Plan Fiduciary, has

--- Page 698 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
698 
 
 
relied as a primary basis in connection with its decision to invest in such Notes, and they are 
not otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or 
Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Plan or the Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Plan's 
acquisition of such Notes and (ii) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent 
judgment in evaluating the investment in such Notes; 
(xiii) 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Notes, will bear a legend to the following effect 
unless otherwise agreed to by the relevant Issuer in compliance with applicable law: 
"THE NOTES IN RESPECT OF WHICH THIS NOTE CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AND, IN 
THE CASE OF NOTES TO BE REDEEMED BY PHYSICAL DELIVERY OF SECURITIES, 
ANY SUCH SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 
OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR 
OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. 
BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THE INTEREST REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE CERTIFICATE, 
THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE NOTES 
FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER THE NOTES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE NOTES AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF 
THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE 
ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH NOTES 
OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE 
UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES 
ACT 
OR 
ANOTHER 
EXEMPTION 
FROM 
THE 
REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OR (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM THIS INTEREST IN ALL OR PART OF THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
NOTE CERTIFICATE IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT 
OF THIS LEGEND. 
[BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF A NOTE REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE 
CERTIFICATE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, THE PURCHASER AND/OR HOLDER 
THEREOF AND EACH TRANSFEREE WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND 
WARRANTED AT THE TIME OF ITS PURCHASE AND THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT 
IT HOLDS SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN, THAT (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF, AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF 
ERISA, A "PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE UNITED STATES 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE")), TO WHICH 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE APPLIES, OR AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR A 
PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY, (B) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF 
OF, A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO 
ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, AND (C) IT WILL NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER 
ANY SUCH NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) TO ANY PERSON WITHOUT FIRST

--- Page 699 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
699 
 
 
OBTAINING THE SAME FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES FROM 
THAT PERSON.";]46 
[IF SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS, IN CONNECTION WITH A 
PARTICULAR OFFERING OF NOTES, THAT SUCH NOTES (AND INTERESTS THEREIN) 
MAY BE PURCHASED, HELD OR DISPOSED OF BY, OR ON BEHALF OF, A PLAN (AS 
DEFINED BELOW) OR A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN THAT 
IS SUBJECT TO ANY SIMILAR LAW (AS DEFINED BELOW), THEN, BY ITS PURCHASE 
AND HOLDING OF A NOTE REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE CERTIFICATE OR ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN, THE PURCHASER AND/OR HOLDER THEREOF AND EACH 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED AT THE 
TIME OF ITS PURCHASE AND THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS SUCH 
NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN, THAT (A) EITHER (I) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF, AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE 
UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED ("ERISA")) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A 
"PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE")), TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE APPLIES, OR AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN 
ASSETS" BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR A PLAN'S INVESTMENT 
IN THE ENTITY (EACH OF THE FOREGOING, A "PLAN"), OR A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, 
LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR 
LAW"), OR (II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF SUCH NOTE (OR 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE (OR, IN THE CASE OF SUCH A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR 
OTHER PLAN, A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW), (B) IT WILL NOT SELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY SUCH NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) TO ANY 
PERSON WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING THE SAME FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS 
AND WARRANTIES FROM THAT PERSON, AND (C) IF IT IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF 
OF, A PLAN, (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE AGENT, THE CALCULATION AGENT (IF 
APPLICABLE), THE OTHER PAYING AGENTS, THE REGISTRAR, THE TRANSFER 
AGENTS, ANY OTHER PARTIES TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED OR ANY OF 
THEIR 
RESPECTIVE 
AFFILIATES 
HAS 
PROVIDED 
ANY 
INVESTMENT 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH IT, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR 
OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN ("PLAN FIDUCIARY"), HAS 
RELIED AS A PRIMARY BASIS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS DECISION TO INVEST IN 
SUCH NOTE, AND THEY ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A 
FIDUCIARY, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE 
CODE, TO THE PLAN OR THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLAN'S 
ACQUISITION OF SUCH NOTE AND (II) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN 
INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE INVESTMENT IN SUCH NOTE.";]47 
(xiv) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise 
transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 
days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to 
the original issuance of the Notes), it will do so only (a)(i) outside the United States in 
compliance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (ii), if permitted 
by the Issue Terms, to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A or another exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, and (b) in accordance with all applicable U.S. 
State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes or the 
Regulation S Definitive Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise 
agreed to by the relevant Issuer: 
                                                   
46 Legend applicable where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Sales to Plan Investors is not applicable. 
47 Legend applicable where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Sales to Plan Investors is applicable.

--- Page 700 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
700 
 
 
"THE NOTES IN RESPECT OF WHICH THIS NOTE CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AND, IN 
THE CASE OF NOTES TO BE REDEEMED BY PHYSICAL DELIVERY OF SECURITIES, 
ANY SUCH SECURITIES HAVE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE NOTES 
AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE 
EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE 
DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE CERTIFICATE FORMS PART. 
[BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF A NOTE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, THE 
PURCHASER AND/OR HOLDER THEREOF AND EACH TRANSFEREE WILL BE DEEMED 
TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED AT THE TIME OF ITS PURCHASE AND 
THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN, 
THAT (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT 
PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")) THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A "PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED (THE "CODE")), TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE APPLIES, OR AN 
ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF AN 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR A PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY, (B) IT IS NOT, 
AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR 
OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW 
OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, AND (C) IT WILL NOT SELL 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY SUCH NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) TO ANY 
PERSON WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING THE SAME FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS 
AND WARRANTIES FROM THAT PERSON."; ]48 
[IF SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS, IN CONNECTION WITH A 
PARTICULAR OFFERING OF NOTES, THAT SUCH NOTES (AND INTERESTS THEREIN) 
MAY BE PURCHASED, HELD OR DISPOSED OF BY, OR ON BEHALF OF, A PLAN (AS 
DEFINED BELOW) OR A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN THAT 
IS SUBJECT TO ANY SIMILAR LAW (AS DEFINED BELOW), THEN, BY ITS PURCHASE 
AND HOLDING OF A NOTE REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE CERTIFICATE OR ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN, THE PURCHASER AND/OR HOLDER THEREOF AND EACH 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED AT THE 
TIME OF ITS PURCHASE AND THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS SUCH 
NOTE OR INTEREST THEREIN, THAT (A) EITHER (I) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF, AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE 
UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED ("ERISA")) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A 
"PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE")), TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE APPLIES, OR AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN 
ASSETS" BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR A PLAN'S INVESTMENT 
IN THE ENTITY (EACH OF THE FOREGOING, A "PLAN"), OR A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, 
LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE 
PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR 
LAW"), OR (II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF SUCH NOTE (OR 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT 
                                                   
48 Legend applicable where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Sales to Plan Investors is not applicable.

--- Page 701 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
701 
 
 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE (OR, IN THE CASE OF SUCH A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR 
OTHER PLAN, A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW), (B) IT WILL NOT SELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY SUCH NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) TO ANY 
PERSON WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING THE SAME FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS 
AND WARRANTIES FROM THAT PERSON, AND (C) IF IT IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF 
OF, A PLAN, (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE AGENT, THE CALCULATION AGENT (IF 
APPLICABLE), THE OTHER PAYING AGENTS, THE REGISTRAR, THE TRANSFER 
AGENTS, ANY OTHER PARTIES TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED OR ANY OF 
THEIR 
RESPECTIVE 
AFFILIATES 
HAS 
PROVIDED 
ANY 
INVESTMENT 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH IT, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR 
OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN ("PLAN FIDUCIARY"), HAS 
RELIED AS A PRIMARY BASIS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS DECISION TO INVEST IN 
SUCH NOTE, AND THEY ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A 
FIDUCIARY, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(e)(3) OF THE 
CODE, TO THE PLAN OR THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLAN'S 
ACQUISITION OF SUCH NOTE AND (II) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN 
INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE INVESTMENT IN SUCH NOTE.";]49 
(xv) 
Notes related to a specified currency or basket of currencies, a specified commodity or basket 
of commodities or a specified inflation index or basket of inflation indices may not at any time 
be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, cancelled, transferred or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or, to, by or for the account or benefit of, (a) a "U.S. person" as 
defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act, (b) a "U.S. person" as defined in the 
Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap 
Regulations promulgated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") or the 
final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain 
Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the 
CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to 
the Commodity Exchange Act or (c) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as 
defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time; and 
(xvi) 
that the relevant Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the relevant Issuer and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for 
one or more qualified institutional buyer, it represents that it has sole investment discretion 
with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Rule 144A Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount and no Rule 144A Note will be 
issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller nominal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank 
fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) of Registered Notes. 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS IN RELATION TO CERTIFICATES 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Certificates are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Certificates. 
Each purchaser of Certificates or an interest therein will, by its purchase of such Certificates, be 
deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are 
defined in Rule 144A, Regulation S or the Conditions are used herein as defined therein) and shall be 
deemed to make any additional or supplemental acknowledgments, representations and agreements 
                                                   
49 Legend applicable where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Sales to Plan Investors is applicable.

--- Page 702 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
702 
 
 
as set out in any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering document or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(a) 
that either: (a) in the case of the issue or transfer of a Certificate to or for a person who takes 
delivery in the form of Certificates represented by a Unitary Global W&C Security, either (1) it 
is a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Certificates for its own account or the account of one or 
more QIBs and it is aware and each beneficial owner of such Certificates has been advised 
that any sale is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or pursuant to another exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act or (2) it is outside the United States and is 
not a U.S. person, or (b) in the case of the issue or transfer of a Certificate to or for a person 
who takes delivery in the form of Certificates represented by a Regulation S Global W&C 
Security, it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that in issuing a Certificate linked to any Reference Item or any Credit Linked Certificate, the 
relevant Issuer is not making, and has not made, any representations whatsoever as to the 
Reference Item or any Reference Entity, as the case may be, with any exchange or with any 
governmental entity regulating the purchase and sale of securities or a Certificate linked to 
any Reference Item or a Credit Linked Certificate; 
(c) 
that the relevant Issuer and any affiliate of the relevant Issuer may whether by virtue of the 
types of relationships described above or otherwise, at the date hereof or at any time 
hereafter be in possession of information in relation to the issuer of a Reference Item or any 
Reference Entity which is or may be material in the context of an issue of Certificates linked to 
such Reference Item or any Credit Linked Certificate and which is not or may not be known to 
the general public or any Certificateholder.  Certificates linked to any Reference Item and 
Credit Linked Notes do not create any obligation on the part of the relevant Issuer or any 
affiliate of the relevant Issuer to disclose to any Certificateholder any such relationship or 
information (whether or not confidential) and neither the relevant Issuer nor any affiliate of the 
relevant Issuer shall be liable to any Certificateholder by reason of such non-disclosure.  No 
such information had been used in the selection of any Reference Item for Certificates linked 
to any Reference Item or any Credit Linked Certificate, as the case may be; 
(d) 
that the relevant Issuer and any affiliate of the relevant Issuer may have existing or future 
business relationships with the issuer of a Reference Item or a Reference Entity (including, 
but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory or banking relationships), 
and will pursue actions and take steps that it deems or they deem necessary or appropriate to 
protect its or their interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for the 
Certificateholder of a Certificate linked to a Reference Item or a Credit Linked Certificate; 
(e) 
that the market value of Certificates linked to a Reference Item or Credit Linked Certificates 
may be adversely affected by movements in the value of the Reference Item or the credit of 
the relevant Reference Entity or in currency exchange rates or general market conditions; 
(f) 
that the amounts received (if any) in respect of any Certificate may be less than its issue 
price; 
(g) 
that no Certificates are being offered and sold in a transaction involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that no Certificates have been or 
will be registered under the Securities Act or any applicable U.S. State securities laws and no 
Certificates may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(h) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global W&C Security and either is a person 
located outside the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, 
pledge, or otherwise transfer the Certificates or any beneficial interests in the Certificates, it 
will do so only (1) to the relevant Issuer or any Affiliate thereof, (2) inside the United States to 
a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for 
the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or another 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, or (3) outside the United 
States to a person who is not a U.S. person in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation

--- Page 703 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
703 
 
 
S, in each case in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the States of the United 
States and any other jurisdiction and as provided in any supplement to this Base Prospectus, 
any other relevant offering document or the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(i) 
it will, and will require each subsequent Certificateholder to, notify any purchaser of 
Certificates from it of the resale restrictions referred to in  (h) above; 
(j) 
that the Certificates initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by a 
Unitary Global W&C Security and that Certificates offered outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S will be represented by (a) a Regulation S Global W&C Security if 
offered to persons who are not U.S. persons only and (b) a Unitary Global W&C Security if 
concurrently offered to persons who are not U.S. persons and to persons reasonably believed 
to be QIBs in the United States; 
(k) 
that at the time of its purchase and throughout the period in which it holds such Certificates or 
any interest therein (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a Plan, (b) it is not, and is not 
acting on behalf of, a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan that is subject to any 
Similar Law, and (c) it will not sell or otherwise transfer any such Certificate (or any interest 
therein) to any person without first obtaining the same foregoing representations and 
warranties from that person; 
(l) 
that the Regulation S Global W&C Securities will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
THIS CERTIFICATE AND, IN THE CASE OF CERTIFICATES TO BE REDEEMED BY 
PHYSICAL DELIVERY OF SECURITIES, ANY SUCH SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 
40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE 
CERTIFICATES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS CERTIFICATE FORMS PART. 
BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF A CERTIFICATE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, 
THE PURCHASER AND/OR HOLDER THEREOF AND EACH TRANSFEREE WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED AT THE TIME OF ITS 
PURCHASE AND THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS SUCH CERTIFICATE OR 
INTEREST THEREIN, THAT (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, AN 
"EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")) 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A "PLAN" (AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, 
AS AMENDED (THE "CODE")), TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE APPLIES, OR 
AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF 
AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR A PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY, (B) IT IS 
NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. 
OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. 
LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, AND (C) IT WILL NOT SELL 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY SUCH CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) 
TO 
ANY 
PERSON 
WITHOUT 
FIRST 
OBTAINING 
THE 
SAME 
FOREGOING 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES FROM THAT PERSON."; 
(m) 
that the Unitary Global W&C Securities will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer:

--- Page 704 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
704 
 
 
"THIS CERTIFICATE AND, IN THE CASE OF CERTIFICATES TO BE REDEEMED BY 
PHYSICAL DELIVERY OF SECURITIES, ANY SUCH SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS 
SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE 
HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE 
CERTIFICATES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES AGENCY AGREEMENT AND (1) TO THE ISSUER OR 
ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE 
SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OR ANOTHER 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, 
OR (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT A U.S. PERSON IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM THIS CERTIFICATE IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE 
EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. [THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS UNITARY 
GLOBAL W&C SECURITY MAY NOT BE REDEEMED BY OR ON BEHALF OF A PERSON 
LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY U.S. PERSON.]50 
THIS CERTIFICATE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES AGENCY AGREEMENT) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, 
BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH CERTIFICATES, TO MODIFY THE 
RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
THIS CERTIFICATE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION 
(OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR 
OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY.  THE HOLDER OF 
THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL 
FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION 
THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). 
BY ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF A CERTIFICATE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, 
THE PURCHASER AND/OR HOLDER THEREOF AND EACH TRANSFEREE WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED AT THE TIME OF ITS 
PURCHASE AND THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS SUCH CERTIFICATE OR 
INTEREST THEREIN, THAT (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, AN 
"EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")) 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A "PLAN" (AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, 
AS AMENDED (THE "CODE")), TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE APPLIES, OR 
AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF 
AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR A PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY, (B) IT IS 
                                                   
50  
Text to be included in legend where non U.S. certification is required upon redemption.

--- Page 705 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
705 
 
 
NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. 
OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. 
LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, AND (C) IT WILL NOT SELL 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ANY SUCH CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) 
TO 
ANY 
PERSON 
WITHOUT 
FIRST 
OBTAINING 
THE 
SAME 
FOREGOING 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES FROM THAT PERSON."; 
(n) 
Certificates related to a specified currency or basket of currencies, a specified commodity or 
basket of commodities or a specified inflation index or basket of inflation indices may not at 
any time be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or, to, by or for the account or benefit of (a) a "U.S. 
person" as defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act, (b) a "U.S. person" as 
defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with 
Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
"CFTC") or the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds 
and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants 
promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time to 
time, pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act or (c) a person other than a "Non-United 
States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, in each case, as such definition may be 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time; and 
(o) 
that the relevant Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the relevant Issuer and if it is acquiring any Certificates as a fiduciary or agent 
for one or more qualified institutional buyer, it represents that it has sole investment discretion 
with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Certificates in the United States to any one purchaser will be for an issue price of less than 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) and no Unitary Global W&C Securities will be issued 
in connection with such a sale for a smaller issue price. If the U.S. purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary 
acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase Certificates for an issue 
price of at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent). 
Each issuance of Certificates shall be subject to the selling restrictions set out in this section and to 
such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, each Manager 
may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Certificates, which additional selling 
restrictions shall be set out in any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering 
document or the applicable Pricing Supplement. The Issuer or, as the case may be, each Manager of 
an issue of such Certificates will be required to agree that it will offer, sell or deliver such Certificates 
only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. In addition, each issuance of 
Certificates will be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in this section in addition to or as 
supplemented or amended by any other transfer restrictions and restrictions on offering, selling, 
transferring, pledging, delivering or redeeming the Certificates (including any required certifications, 
including as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership and being located outside the United States, in respect 
thereof as determined by the Issuer) as set forth in any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any 
other relevant offering document or the applicable Pricing Supplement.  Additional restrictions 
(including certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership) may apply in the context of Certificates 
which provide for physical delivery or physical settlement. By its purchase of Certificates, any such 
purchaser will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed with such restrictions. 
Furthermore, neither the sale of nor trading in any Certificates has been approved by the CFTC under 
the Commodity Exchange Act, and no U.S. person may at any time purchase, trade or maintain a 
position in such Certificates unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 706 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
706 
 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS IN RELATION TO SECURITIES 
In respect of each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme, a Manager may, by entering 
into a purchase agreement, agree with the relevant Issuer the basis upon which it agrees to purchase 
Warrants. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "General Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants", "General Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and "General Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates". 
No action has been or will be taken by any Manager that would permit a public offering of the 
Securities or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to the Securities in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required save as specified herein, in any supplement to 
this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering document or, in respect of Exempt Securities, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. No offers, sales or deliveries of any Securities, or distribution of any 
offering material relating to the Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in 
circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and will not 
impose any obligations on the Issuer. 
United States 
Warrants 
The Warrants and, in the case of Warrants to be settled by physical delivery of securities, any such 
securities, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities 
law and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  The Warrants do not constitute, 
and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options 
thereon) subject to the Commodity Exchange Act and trading in the Warrants has not been approved 
by the CFTC under the Commodity Exchange Act. 
Each Manager will be required to agree, except as permitted by applicable law, not to offer, sell or 
deliver the Warrants (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each other Manager to which it sells 
Warrants (other than a sale pursuant to Rule 144A or another exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act) during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Warrants within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Warrants are being offered and sold outside of the United States to persons who are not U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S and the Manager may directly or through its U.S. broker-dealer 
affiliate arrange for the offer and resale of Warrants within the United States only to qualified 
institutional buyers in private transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
Moreover, upon the exercise of Warrants, each holder will be deemed to represent that either (a) the 
Warrants are not being exercised by or on behalf of a U.S. person or a person within the United 
States or (b) in certain circumstances, that the Warrants are being exercised by a QIB, as determined 
by the Issuer. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Warrants within 
the United States by the Manager that is not participating in the offering may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Warrants shall be subject to the selling restrictions set out in this section and also to such additional 
U.S. selling restrictions as the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, each Manager may agree as a 
term of the issuance and purchase of such Warrants, which additional selling restrictions shall be set

--- Page 707 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
707 
 
 
out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering document or, in respect of 
Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Each Manager of an issue of such Warrants will 
be required to agree that it will offer, sell or deliver such Warrants only in compliance with such 
additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
Notes 
The Notes and, in the case of Notes to be redeemed by physical delivery of securities, any such 
securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities law 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and applicable state securities laws. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  The Notes do not constitute, and have not been marketed 
as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the Commodity 
Exchange Act and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the CFTC under the Commodity 
Exchange Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Notes issued by SCB's New York branch with a term of 
more than 365 days must be in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
regulations thereunder. The applicable Issue Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D 
rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States to persons who are 
not U.S. persons in reliance on the registration safe harbour provided by Regulation S ("Regulation S 
Notes"), each Manager will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver 
such Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a 
part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Accordingly, neither 
the Manager, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in 
any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes, and it and they have complied and will comply 
with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Manager appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of the Notes, it will send to 
each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any Manager that is not participating in the offering may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the relevant Issuer for use in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes outside the United States and for the resale of the Notes in the United States. 
The relevant Issuer and the Managers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in 
the United States or to any U.S. person, other than any QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A to whom 
an offer has been made directly by one of the Managers or its U.S. broker-dealer affiliate. Distribution 
of this Base Prospectus by any person who is not a U.S. person outside the United States or by any 
QIB in the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, other 
than any QIB and those persons, if any, retained to advise such person or QIB with respect thereto, is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the relevant Issuer of any of its 
contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than any QIB and 
those persons, if any, retained to advise such person or QIB, is prohibited. 
Managers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such 
purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the Managers may be relying on the exemption from the

--- Page 708 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
708 
 
 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A or another exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, and one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from 
regulation under the Commodity Exchange Act. To the extent that the relevant Issuer is not subject to 
or does not comply with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the 
information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the relevant Issuer has agreed to 
furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, 
such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Certificates 
The Certificates and, in the case of Certificates to be redeemed by physical delivery of securities, any 
such securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state 
securities law and may not be offered, sold, or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  Trading in the 
Certificates has not been approved by the CFTC under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, 
as amended. 
Each Manager will be required to agree, except as permitted by applicable law, not to offer, sell or 
deliver the Certificates (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the Issue Date within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each other Manager to which it sells 
Certificates (other than a sale pursuant to Rule 144A or another exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act) during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Certificates within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Certificates are being offered and sold outside of the United States to persons who are not 
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and the Manager may directly or through its U.S. broker-
dealer affiliate arrange for the offer and resale of Certificates within the United States only to 
qualified institutional buyers in private transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Certificates within 
the United States by the Manager that is not participating in the offering may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area and the United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Other than as provided in the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities, each Manager will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area at any time or, where a date is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, after 
such date. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 709 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
709 
 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable" or "Applicable" after a specified date, in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area and, where applicable, prior to such specified date, each Manager will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Securities to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Manager or Managers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in  (a) to  (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer 
or any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to 
any Securities in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Other than as provided in the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities, each Manager will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom at any time or, where a date is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, after such 
date.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 710 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
710 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities.  
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable" or "Applicable" after a specified date, prior to such date, where applicable, each 
Manager will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an 
offer of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Manager or Manager nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Securities to the public in relation to any Securities means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Securities; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Securities in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.

--- Page 711 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
711 
 
 
Hong Kong 
In relation to each Tranche of Warrants, Notes or Certificates (the "Securities") issued by the relevant 
Issuer, each Manager will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Securities (except for Securities which are a "structured product" as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the "SFO")) other 
than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO 
or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as 
defined in the C(WUMP)O or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning 
of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Securities, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to 
Securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or 
only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Japan 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Manager will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Securities in Japan or to a resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Act (Act 
No.228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
People's Republic of China  
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for 
reoffering or resale or redelivery, in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and 
Taiwan) (the "PRC") in contravention of any applicable laws. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Securities in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
Neither the Issuers nor the Manager represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by 
the Issuers which would permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this document in 
the PRC. Accordingly, the Securities are not being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this 
Base Prospectus or any other document. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Manager will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Securities or caused the Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Securities or cause the Securities to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it

--- Page 712 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
712 
 
 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Securities, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than  
(i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) (in the case of securities or 
securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) under 
Section 274 of the SFA or (in the case of units of a collective investment scheme) Section 304 
of the SFA; 
(ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of 
the SFA, or any person pursuant to (in the case of securities or securities-based derivatives 
contracts) Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in (in 
the case of securities or securities-based derivatives contracts) Section 275 of the SFA; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Securities are subscribed or purchased under (in the case of securities or securities-based 
derivatives contracts)) Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of 
the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(5) 
as 
specified 
in 
Regulation 
37A 
of 
the 
Securities 
and 
Futures 
(Offers 
of 
Investments)(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore. 
Certain provisions applicable to Notes or Certificates issued in Singapore dollars: 
Notes or Certificates in the form of notes or negotiable certificates of deposits which are denominated 
in Singapore dollars and issued to persons in Singapore by a person carrying on a deposit-taking 
business (whether in Singapore or elsewhere) with a maturity period of less than 12 months and a 
denomination of less than SGD200,000 would be treated as deposits for the purposes of the Banking 
Act 1970 of Singapore, unless the Notes, Certificates in the form of notes or negotiable certificates of 
deposits, as the case may be, are issued to certain persons, including either: 
(i) 
an individual whose total net personal assets exceed in value SGD2 million (or equivalent in 
foreign currency) at the time of payment, whose financial assets (net of any related liabilities) 
exceed in value SGD1 million (or its equivalent in foreign currency) at the time of payment, or

--- Page 713 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
713 
 
 
whose income in the preceding 12 months is not less than SGD300,000 (or equivalent in 
foreign currency) at the time of the payment; or 
(ii) 
a company whose total net assets (as determined by the last audited-balance sheet of the 
company) exceeds SGD10 million (or equivalent in foreign currency) at the time of 
subscription. 
In determining the value of an individual's total net personal assets for the purposes of paragraph (i) 
above, the value of the individual's primary residence is taken to be the lower of the following: 
(a) 
the value calculated by deducting any outstanding amounts in respect of any credit facility 
that is secured by the residence from the estimated fair market value of the residence; and 
(b) 
SGD1 million. 
Where any Notes or Certificates in the form of notes or negotiable certificates of deposits are issued 
by the relevant Issuer (other than through SCBSL) in Singapore dollars and with a denomination of 
less than SGD200,000, then even if the Notes or Certificates in the form of notes or negotiable 
certificates of deposits, as the case may be, are not deposits, the following information is required to 
be provided in the relevant Issue Terms pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made 
under the Banking Act 1970 of Singapore: 
(A) 
the place of booking of the issue (i.e. the head office or branch of the Issuer through which 
the Securities are issued) (the "Issuing Branch") is not Singapore; 
(B) 
the Issuing Branch is not regulated or authorised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore; and 
(C) 
repayment under the Notes or Certificates in the form of notes or negotiable certificates of 
deposits, as the case may be, is not secured by any means. 
Malaysia 
Each Manager will be required to: 
(a) 
acknowledge that the making available of, offer for subscription or purchase, or issuance of 
an invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Securities may only be made outside Malaysia, 
except for (1) any secondary trading of the Securities which does not involve retail investors, 
to the extent that such Securities constitute debentures under the Capital Markets and 
Services Act 2007, and otherwise in compliance with the applicable Malaysian laws and 
regulations; or (2) as otherwise permitted under applicable Malaysian laws and regulations or 
with the approval of any relevant Malaysian regulatory authority; and 
(b) 
represent and agree that it has not made available, offered for subscription or purchase, or 
issued an invitation to subscribe for or purchase and will not make available, offer for 
subscription or purchase, or issue an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the Securities, 
and that it has not circulated or distributed and will not circulate and distribute this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering document or material relating to the Securities, directly or 
indirectly, to any persons in Malaysia, except for (1) any secondary trading of the Securities 
which does not involve retail investors, to the extent that such Securities constitute 
debentures under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007, and otherwise in compliance 
with the applicable Malaysian laws and regulations; or (2) as otherwise permitted under 
applicable Malaysian laws and regulations or with the approval of any relevant Malaysian 
regulatory authority. 
Korea 
(i) The number of persons to whom the Securities have been and will be offered shall be less than 50 
(as calculated in accordance with Enforcement Decree of Financial Investment Services and Capital 
Markets Act of Korea (the "FSCMA")), (ii) the number of the Securities offered in Korea or to a

--- Page 714 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
714 
 
 
resident in Korea (as such term is defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea (the 
"FETL")) shall be less than 50, (iii) the Securities shall not be divided or redenominated within 1 year 
from the issuance, and therefore, the Securities have not been and will not be registered under Article 
119 of the FSCMA. Accordingly, each Manager will be required to represent and agree, that except 
for the Securities offered in Korea or to a resident in Korea in accordance with the aforementioned 
restriction, the Securities have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, 
or offered, sold or delivered to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to 
any resident of Korea within 1 year from the issuance of the Securities, except as otherwise permitted 
under applicable Korean laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the FSCMA and the FETL 
and the decrees and regulations thereunder. By the purchase of the Securities, the relevant holder 
thereof will be deemed to represent and warrant that if it is in Korea or is a resident of Korea, it 
purchased the Securities pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Each Manager will 
be required to undertake to ensure that any securities dealer to which it sells Securities confirms that 
it is purchasing such Securities as principal and agrees with such Manager that it will comply with the 
restrictions described above. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Manager will be required to represent and agree that the Warrants, the Notes and the 
Certificates to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly 
promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with any laws 
applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Manager will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered and will not offer the 
Warrants, the Notes and the Certificates to be issued under the Programme to any person in the 
Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA") rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the "Professional Client" criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Indonesia 
The Warrants, Notes and Certificates have not been and will not be, registered with the Financial 
Services Authority (Otoritas Jasa Keuangan) in the Republic of Indonesia, and therefore the 
Warrants, Notes and Certificates described in this Base Prospectus may not be offered or sold within 
the territory of the Republic of Indonesia or to Indonesian citizens outside of the territory of the 
Republic of Indonesia in a manner which constitutes a public offer under Law No. 8 of 1995 on Capital 
Markets and the implementing regulations.  Accordingly, the Warrants, Notes, and Certificates will not: 
(a) 
be offered to more than 100, or sold to more than 50, parties in Indonesia and/or Indonesian 
citizens outside of Indonesia; and 
(b) 
be offered by way of mass media, including any newspaper, magazine, film, television, radio 
or other electronic media or any letter, brochure or other printed matter, distributed to more 
than 100 parties in Indonesia and/or Indonesian citizens outside of Indonesia. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in 
Securities. 
Subject as provided below, Securities may not be publicly offered, sold, distributed or advertised, 
directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services 
Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Securities to trading on any trading

--- Page 715 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
715 
 
 
venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise 
made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Securities which are "structured products" within the meaning of FinSA (the "Structured Securities") 
may only be offered, sold, advertised or otherwise distributed, and this Base Prospectus and any 
other offering or marketing material relating to such Structured Securities may only be distributed in 
Switzerland to (i) professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA and/or (ii) retail clients who 
have a permanent investment management or investment advisory relationship. Such relationship is, 
in particular, considered permanent within the meaning of article 70(1) FinSA if it is entered into for an 
unlimited number of transactions and in writing or in another form permitting evidence via text. 
Securities which relate to investments in any "foreign collective investment scheme" within the 
meaning of article 120(1) of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act ("CISA") that has not been 
approved for offering to non-qualified investors by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
FINMA ("FINMA"), may only be offered directly or indirectly, in or from Switzerland, and this Base 
Prospectus and any other offering or marketing material relating to such Securities and the related 
foreign collective investment scheme may only be made available in or from Switzerland: 
(a) 
to (i) professional clients as defined in article 4(3) FinSA, excluding high-net worth individuals 
and their private investment structures (without professional treasury operations); or 
(b) 
to clients, that (a) are provided permanent portfolio management or permanent investment 
advice services by a financial intermediary in accordance with Article 4 paragraph 3 letter a 
FinSA or a foreign financial intermediary that is subject to equivalent prudential supervision 
and (b) have not declared that they do not wish to be treated as qualified investors.  
The Securities are not subject to the approval of, or supervision by, FINMA and investors in the 
Securities will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by FINMA. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to Securities 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA. 
Should any Series of Securities be publicly offered, admitted to trading or listed in Switzerland, this 
will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant Issuer will prepare supplemental 
documents to the extent required by Swiss law and the rules and regulations of any relevant trading 
venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Investors should in such case also 
consult any such document before making any investment decision. 
South Africa 
Each Manager agrees that it has not offered and will not offer for sale or subscription or sell any 
Securities, directly or indirectly, within the Republic of South Africa or to any person or corporate or 
other entity resident in the Republic of South Africa except (to the extent applicable) in accordance 
with the Exchange Control Regulations, 1961 (as amended) ("Exchange Control Regulations") 
promulgated in terms of the Currency and Exchanges Act, 1933 (as amended), the Banks Act, 1990 
(as amended) and the Commercial Paper Regulations published under Government Notice 2172 
(Government Gazette 16167) of 14 December 1995 (as amended) promulgated thereunder, the 
Companies Act, 2008 (as amended) ("Companies Act"), the Financial Advisory and Intermediary 
Services Act, 2002 (as amended) ("FAIS Act"), the Collective Investment Schemes Control Act, 2002 
(as amended) and any other applicable laws and regulations of the Republic of South Africa in effect 
from time to time. In particular, each Manager agrees that it will not make an "offer to the public" (as 
such expression is defined in the Companies Act and which expression includes any section of the 
public), whether for subscription, purchase or sale in South Africa or offer Securities for subscription, 
or otherwise sell any Securities, to any person who, or which, is a Resident (as defined in the 
Exchange Control Regulations) other than in strict compliance with the Exchange Control 
Regulations, in effect from time to time and, without prejudice to the foregoing, that it will take all 
reasonable measures available to it to ensure that no Security will be purchased by, or sold to, or

--- Page 716 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
716 
 
 
beneficially held or owned by, any Resident other than in strict compliance with the Exchange Control 
Regulations.  
Unlisted Securities to be issued under this Base Prospectus will not be marketed, offered for sale or 
subscription or sold, directly or indirectly, within the Republic of South Africa or to any person resident 
in the Republic of South Africa except in accordance with the Financial Markets Act Regulations, 2018 
promulgated in terms of the Financial Markets Act, 2021 (as amended). 
This Base Prospectus does not, nor is it intended to, constitute a prospectus prepared and registered 
under the Companies Act. 
Information made available in this Base Prospectus should not be considered as "advice" as defined 
in the FAIS Act. 
Jersey 
No consent of the Jersey Financial Services Commission under Article 8(2) of the Control of 
Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 has been obtained for the circulation in Jersey of any offer for 
subscription, sale or exchange of any Securities described in this Base Prospectus and any such offer 
must be addressed exclusively to a restricted circle of persons in Jersey.  For these purposes an offer 
is not addressed exclusively to a restricted circle of persons unless (i) the offer is addressed to an 
identifiable category of persons to whom it is directly communicated by the offeror or the offeror's 
appointed agent, (ii) the members of that category are the only persons who may accept the offer and 
they are in possession of sufficient information to be able to make a reasonable evaluation of the offer 
and (iii) the number of persons in Jersey to whom the offer is so communicated does not exceed fifty. 
Guernsey 
The Securities may only be offered or sold in, or from within the Bailiwick of Guernsey either (i) to or 
by persons licensed under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2020, as amended 
or (ii) to persons licensed under the Banking Supervision (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2020 as 
amended, or (iii) to persons licensed under the Insurance Business (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002 
as amended or (iv) to licensees under the Regulation of Fiduciaries, Administration Businesses and 
Company Directors, etc. (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2020 as amended; or (v) to licensees under the 
Insurance Managers and Insurance Intermediaries (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002. 
It is intended that this Base Prospectus will not be registered with the Guernsey Financial Services 
Commission under the Prospectus Rules and Guidance, 2021, on the basis that an offer will be in 
respect of Securities to be listed on Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
or the Global Exchange Market or, where Securities are not to be so listed and traded, the offer will 
not be made to the public in Guernsey. Therefore, the number of persons in Guernsey to whom an 
offer for Securities that are not listed on Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or the Global Exchange Market is so communicated must not exceed fifty. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering 
of the Warrants, the Notes and the Certificates. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is 
a Saudi person (a "Saudi Investor") who acquires Warrants, Notes or Certificates pursuant to any 
offering should note that the offer of Warrants, Notes or Certificates is a private placement under the 
"Rules on the Offers of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board of the Capital 
Market Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended by CMA 
resolution number 5-5-2022 dated 5 January 2022 (the "KSA Regulations"), made through a capital 
market institution licensed to carry out arranging activities by the CMA and following a notification to 
the CMA under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations. 
The Warrants, the Notes and the Certificates may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any 
person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other than to "institutional and qualified clients" under Article 
8(a) of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations.  Each

--- Page 717 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
717 
 
 
Manager will be required to represent and agree that any offer of Warrants, Notes or Certificates 
made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or 
Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Warrants, Notes and Certificates shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an 
"exempt offer" or a "parallel market offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the 
restrictions on secondary market activity under Article 14 of the KSA Regulations.  
Kingdom of Bahrain 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for information purposes of high net worth individuals and 
institutions. The Issuers represent and warrant that they have not made and will not make any 
invitation in or from the Kingdom of Bahrain and will not market or offer the Securities to any potential 
investor in the Kingdom of Bahrain. All marketing and offering are made and will be made outside the 
Kingdom of Bahrain.   
The Central Bank of Bahrain (or any other Bahraini authority) has not reviewed, nor has it approved, 
this base prospectus or the marketing of the securities and takes no responsibility for the accuracy of 
the statements and information contained herein, nor shall it have any liability to any person for any 
loss or damage resulting from reliance on any statements or information contained herein. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Manager will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and 
will not offer, sell or deliver, at any time, directly or indirectly, any Warrants, Notes or Certificates in 
the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except: (a) in compliance with all applicable 
laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); and (b) through 
persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or engage in 
brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre). 
Philippines 
Under Republic Act No. 8799, known as the Securities Regulation Code of the Philippines (the 
"Code"), and its implementing rules, securities, such as the Warrants, Notes and Certificates, are not 
permitted to be sold or offered for sale or distribution within the Philippines unless such securities are 
approved for registration by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Philippines ("SEC") or 
are otherwise exempt securities or sold pursuant to an exempt transaction. 
To the extent that the Securities are being offered in the Philippines to qualified buyers pursuant to 
and as defined under the Code (under 10.1(l) of the Code), its implementing rules and regulations, 
and SEC issuances, as applicable, the offer and sale of the Securities qualify as an exempt 
transaction under section 10.1(l) of the Code.  A confirmation of exemption from the SEC that the offer 
and sale of the Securities in the Philippines qualify as an exempt transaction under the Code is not 
required to be, and will not be, obtained, except if the Securities are issued by a company without a 
quasi-banking license in excess of PhP150,000,00051 or such higher amount as the SEC may 
prescribe. In the latter case, the offer and sale of the Securities shall require prior approval of the 
SEC. 
THE SECURITIES BEING OFFERED OR SOLD UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT 
BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SEC UNDER THE CODE.  ANY FUTURE OFFER OR SALE OF 
THE SECURITIES WITHIN THE PHILIPPINES IS SUBJECT TO THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE CODE, UNLESS SUCH OFFER OR SALE QUALIFIES AS AN 
EXEMPT TRANSACTION THEREUNDER.  
                                                   
51 
This is equivalent to US$2,869,660.04 using the US$1:Php52,2710 Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas Reference Exchange 
Rate for May 23, 2022.

--- Page 718 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
718 
 
 
Thailand 
The Issue Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been approved by or filed or registered with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory authority of the Kingdom of Thailand.  
Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered or sold, or the Issue Terms, the Base Prospectus or 
any other documents relating to the offer of the Securities be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Thailand except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all applicable 
laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the Thai government and regulatory authorities in 
effect at the relevant time. 
General 
The offer and sale of the Securities will also be subject to such other restrictions on distribution and 
transfer as may be set out in any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering 
document and/or, in respect of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Any of the above selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuers and 
the Manager(s) following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will 
be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering document and/or, in 
respect of Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a 
public offering of any of the Securities, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any 
other relevant offering document or any Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. 
Each Manager will be required to agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Securities or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other relevant 
offering document or any Issue Terms and neither the relevant Issuer nor any other Manager shall 
have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 719 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
719 
 
 
ADDITIONAL SELLING RESTRICTIONS IN RESPECT OF EMAP SECURITIES 
In respect of each Tranche of EMAP Securities issued under the Programme, such EMAP Securities 
may be distributed by the relevant Issuer, or a Manager may, by entering into a purchase agreement, 
agree with the relevant Issuer the basis upon which it agrees to purchase EMAP Securities. Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters specified in the terms and conditions of the relevant EMAP 
Securities. 
No action has been or will be taken by any Manager that would permit a public offering of the EMAP 
Securities or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to the EMAP Securities in 
any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required save as specified herein, in any supplement 
to this Base Prospectus, any other relevant offering document or, in respect of Exempt Securities, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. No offers, sales or deliveries of any EMAP Securities, or distribution of 
any offering material relating to the EMAP Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except 
in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and will not 
impose any obligations on the relevant Issuer. 
Each issuance of EMAP Securities shall be subject to the selling restrictions set out in the section 
entitled "Subscription and Sale and Transfer Restrictions in relation to Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer Restrictions in relation to Securities" above. 
EMAP Securities shall also be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, each Manager may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such 
EMAP Securities, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, any other relevant offering document or, in respect of Exempt Securities, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. The relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, each Manager of an issue of such 
EMAP Securities will be required to agree that it will offer, sell or deliver such EMAP Securities only in 
compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
In addition, each issuance of EMAP Securities will be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in the 
sections and/or documents referred to above in addition to or as supplemented or amended by any 
other transfer restrictions and restrictions on offering, selling, transferring, pledging, delivering, 
redeeming or exercising the EMAP Securities (including any required certifications, including as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership and being located outside the United States, in respect thereof as 
determined by the relevant Issuer) as set forth in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, any other 
relevant offering document or, in respect of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Additional restrictions (including certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership) may apply in the 
context of EMAP Securities which provide for Physical Delivery. By its purchase of EMAP Securities, 
any such purchaser will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed to such 
restrictions. 
Additional Selling Restrictions relating only to Market Access Product Securities 
Malaysia 
The Securities may not be made available or offered for subscription or purchase, nor can any 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Securities be made in Malaysia except for (1) any 
secondary trading of the Securities which does not involve retail investors, to the extent that such 
Securities constitute debentures under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007, and otherwise in 
compliance with the applicable Malaysian laws and regulations; or (2) as otherwise permitted under 
applicable Malaysian laws and regulations or with the approval of any relevant Malaysian regulatory 
authority as may be applicable or to any resident of Malaysia, in contravention of any applicable laws. 
India 
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for 
reoffering or resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly, in India or to any of the 
following persons (each a "Restricted Entity"):

--- Page 720 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
720 
 
 
(a) 
a Person Resident in India (as defined in the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 as 
may be amended or supplemented from time to time); or 
(b) 
a Non-Resident Indian (as defined in the Foreign Exchange Management (Deposit) 
Regulations 2016 as may be amended or supplemented from time to time). 
The Securities may only be offered, sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for 
reoffering or resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly, to a person regulated by an 
appropriate foreign regulatory authority (as such term and/or requirements relating thereto are defined 
or otherwise interpreted by any Indian governmental or regulatory authority (each an "Indian 
Authority") for the purposes of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio 
Investors) Regulations, 2014, as revised from time to time) (a "Regulated Entity"). 
People's Republic of China 
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for 
reoffering or resale or redelivery, in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and 
Taiwan) (the "PRC") in contravention of any applicable laws. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Securities in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
Neither the Issuers nor the Manager represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by 
the Issuers which would permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this document in 
the PRC. Accordingly, the Securities are not being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this 
Base Prospectus or any other document. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
In addition, in the case of Securities that are linked to A-Shares (as defined below), the Securities 
may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the PRC to any Domestic Investor as 
defined in the Business Guidelines on Securities Accounts of China Securities Depository and 
Clearing Corporation Limited or to any person which is the trustee for a Trust (defined below), or to 
any person which pays or will pay for the Securities any amounts which involved or will involve 
moneys financed by or sourced from any Domestic Investor in contravention of the laws and 
regulations of the PRC. 
"A-Share" means shares of the companies that are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the 
Shenzhen Stock Exchange, or the Beijing Stock Exchange and quoted in Renminbi. 
The term "Domestic Investor" is defined in the Business Guidelines on Securities Accounts of China 
Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited and includes the following: 
(i) 
PRC citizens who are not permanent residents of another country or region or permanent 
residents of Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan; and 
(ii) 
Legal persons registered in the PRC. 
"Legal persons registered in the PRC" mean entities incorporated or organized in the PRC and 
exclude foreign entities incorporated or organized in other jurisdictions even though they may have an 
office (i.e. a branch) in the PRC. 
"PRC citizens" used in the rules mean persons holding a resident identification card of the PRC and 
do not include persons who are permanent residents of Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
"Renminbi" means the lawful currency of the PRC.

--- Page 721 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
721 
 
 
A "Trust" means a trust the interests in which are majority-owned by, and the management decision 
over which is controlled by, one or more Domestic Investor(s). For the avoidance of doubt, in the case 
only where a Trusts' investments are being managed on a discretionary basis by an investment 
manager, such investment manager shall not be deemed to control such entity for the purposes of 
this definition by reason only of it being able to control the decision-making in relation to the entity's 
financial, investment and/or operating policies. 
Republic of Korea 
The Securities may not be offered, delivered or sold directly or indirectly in Korea or to any resident of 
Korea (as such term is defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea ("FETL")) or to 
others for re-offering or resale directly or indirectly in Korea or to any resident of Korea except as 
otherwise permitted under applicable Korean laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the 
Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea and the FETL and the decrees and 
regulations thereunder. 
Taiwan 
The Securities may not be offered, delivered or sold directly or indirectly in Taiwan or to any resident 
of Taiwan or to others for re-offering or resale directly or indirectly in Taiwan or to any resident of 
Taiwan except as otherwise permitted under applicable Taiwanese laws and regulations.

--- Page 722 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
722 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes by SCB was duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Court of Directors of SCB dated 9 November 2001. The issue of Warrants and 
Certificates by SCB was duly authorised by a duly appointed Committee of the Court of Directors of 
SCB dated 20 May 2009 and the listing of Warrants and Certificates by SCB was duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Court of Directors dated 17 May 2010. Increases in the Programme size were duly 
authorised by a resolution of the Court of Directors of SCB on 11 September 2006, 17 May 2010 and 
22 June 2015. The change in the Programme name from "Structured Product Programme" to "Notes, 
Certificates and Warrants Programme" was duly authorised by a resolution of the Court of Directors of 
SCB dated 22 June 2015. The update and amendment of the Programme was duly authorised by a 
resolution of a duly appointed Committee of the Court of Directors of SCB dated 2 July 2022.  
The addition of SCBHK as an issuer under the Programme and the issue of Notes by SCBHK was 
duly authorised by a resolution of SCBHK's Board of Directors dated 13 September 2006. The issue 
of Warrants and Certificates by SCBHK was duly authorised by a resolution of a duly appointed 
Committee of the Board of Directors of SCBHK dated 29 May 2009 and the listing of Warrants and 
Certificates by SCBHK was duly authorised by a resolution of SCBHK's Board of Directors dated 26 
May 2010. Increases in the Programme size were duly authorised by a resolution of SCBHK's Board 
of Directors dated 26 May 2010 and 23 June 2015.  The change in the Programme name from 
"Structured Product Programme" to "Notes, Certificates and Warrants Programme" was duly 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of SCBHK dated 23 June 2015. The update and 
amendment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of a duly appointed Committee of 
the Board of Directors of SCBHK dated 5 July 2022.  
The addition of SCBSL as an issuer under the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of 
SCBSL's Board of Directors dated 1 June 2018. The issue of Securities by SCBSL was duly 
authorised by a resolution of a duly appointed Committee of the Board of Directors of SCBSL dated 4 
July 2018. The update and amendment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of a 
duly appointed Committee of the Board of Directors of SCBSL dated 4 July 2022.  
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. 
Application has been made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on its Global Exchange Market. 
However, Securities may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on 
the Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the regulated market or the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Manager(s) may agree. 
Validity 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to the Base Prospectus will only be valid for the admission 
to listing of relevant Securities on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated 
market or Global Exchange Market during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus and, in respect of Notes only, limited to an aggregate nominal amount which, when added 
to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued 
under the Programme, does not exceed U.S.$15,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. 
For the purpose of calculating the U.S. dollar equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
issued under the Programme from time to time:

--- Page 723 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
723 
 
 
(a) 
the U.S. dollar equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms of the relevant Notes) shall be determined, at the discretion of 
the relevant Issuer, either as of the date on which agreement is reached for the issue of Notes 
or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot 
rate for the sale of U.S. dollars against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the 
London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading international bank selected by the 
relevant Issuer on the relevant day of calculation; 
(b) 
the U.S. dollar equivalent of any Structured Notes (as defined below) shall be calculated in 
the manner specified above by reference to the original nominal amount on issue of such 
Structured Notes; and 
(c) 
the U.S. dollar equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes issued at a discount or a 
premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the net proceeds 
received by the relevant Issuer for the relevant issue. 
For the purposes of this section "General Information", "Structured Notes" means any Notes for 
which the premium, interest and/or principal payable in relation to such Notes may, if so specified in 
the applicable base prospectus or offering document or the applicable Issue Terms, be determined by 
reference to the price, value or performance of a currency, commodity (or related forward or futures 
contract), equity security, exchange traded fund security, depository receipt security fund interest, 
index, relevant account basket of any of the aforementioned items, formula, or any other factor 
relating to assets or property and/or the creditworthiness of, or the performance of obligations by, or 
some other factor relating to, another entity or entities not affiliated with the relevant Issuer. 
Documents available 
For a period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, and for as long as securities are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or the Global Exchange Market, hard 
copies of the following documents will be available, free of charge, from the principal place of 
business of SCB and from the registered office of SCBHK and SCBSL and from the specified office of 
the Warrant Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg (in the case of Warrants), from the 
specified office of the Paying Agents for the time being in London (in the case of Notes) or from the 
specified office of the Certificate Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg (in the case of 
Certificates): 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of SCB, SCBHK and SCBSL. 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin, copies of the 
documents incorporated by reference will be available on the websites specified in the section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" above and hard copies will be available, free of charge, from 
the principal place of business of SCB and from the registered offices of SCBHK and SCBSL and 
from the specified office of the Warrant Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg (in the 
case of Warrants), from the specified office of the Paying Agents for the time being in London (in the 
case of Notes) or from the specified office of the Certificate Agents for the time being in London and 
Luxembourg (in the case of Certificates). 
Copies of the following documents will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin for a period of 12 months following the date of this Base 
Prospectus:  
(I) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(II) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to the Base 
Prospectus, additional base prospectuses relating to the Programme and Final Terms 
documents relating to Securities which are admitted to trading on the regulated market or 
Pricing Supplements relating to Securities which are admitted to trading on the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 724 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
724 
 
 
Copies of the following documents will be available from the specified websites for a period of 12 
months following the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(x) 
the 
constitutional 
documents 
of 
SCB 
available 
at 
https://av.sc.com/corp-
en/nr/uk/content/docs/uk-royal-charter-bye-laws-and-rules.pdf; 
(y) 
the constitutional documents of SCBHK available at https://av.sc.com/hk/content/docs/hk-
SCB-Articles-of-Association-1.pdf; and 
(z) 
the constitutional documents of SCBSL available at https://av.sc.com/sg/content/docs/scbsl-
constitution.pdf. 
Clearing Systems 
The Warrants have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Warrants allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If the Warrants are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Luxembourg. The address of the DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041. 
Conditions for determining price and amount of issue 
The issue price and amount of the Securities of any Tranche to be issued under the Programme will 
be determined by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Manager(s) at the time of the issue of such 
Tranche in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Post-issuance information 
None of SCB, SCBHK and SCBSL intends to provide any post-issuance information, unless required 
by applicable laws and regulations. 
Ratings of the Issuers 
SCB's long term senior debt ratings are: (i) A1 by Moody's Singapore, (ii) A+ by S&P and (iii) A+ by 
Fitch;  
SCBHK's long term senior debt ratings are: (i) A1 by Moody's Hong Kong and (ii) A+ by S&P; and  
SCBSL's long term senior debt ratings are: (i) A1 by Moody's Singapore, (ii) A+ by S&P Singapore 
and (iii) A+ by Fitch Singapore. 
Description of Ratings 
"A" by Moody's Singapore or Moody's Hong Kong: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-
medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in 
the higher end of its generic rating category. 
"A" by S&P or S&P Singapore: An obligation rated "A" is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse 
effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still 
strong. Ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative 
standing within the rating categories. 
"A" by Fitch or Fitch Singapore: 'A' ratings denote expectations of low credit risk. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The

--- Page 725 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
725 
 
 
modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating 
categories. 
Each description of a relevant rating above has been extracted from www.moodys.com, 
www.fitchratings.com and www.standardandpoors.com, as applicable. Each of SCB, SCBHK and 
SCBSL confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as each of 
SCB, SCBHK and SCBSL is aware and is able to ascertain from the relevant source, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
CRA Regulation 
Neither Moody's Singapore nor Moody's Hong Kong is established in the European Union or the UK 
and neither Moody's Singapore nor Moody's Hong Kong has applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Both Moody's 
Singapore and Moody's Hong Kong are affiliated to (i) Moody's Deutschland GmbH which is 
established in Germany and registered under the CRA Regulation and (ii) Moody's Investors Service 
Ltd which is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In accordance 
with the CRA Regulation, Moody's Deutschland GmbH may endorse credit ratings issued by Moody's 
Singapore or Moody's Hong Kong. In accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd may endorse credit ratings issued by Moody's Singapore or Moody's Hong Kong.   
Fitch Singapore is not established in the European Union or the UK nor has Fitch Singapore applied 
for registration under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch Singapore is affiliated to (i) 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited which is established in Ireland and is registered under the CRA 
Regulation and (ii) Fitch Ratings Limited which is established in the UK and is registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. In accordance with the CRA Regulation, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited may endorse 
credit ratings issued by Fitch Singapore. In accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, Fitch Ratings 
Limited may endorse credit ratings issued by Fitch Singapore.   
Neither S&P nor S&P Singapore is established in the European Union or the UK and neither S&P nor 
S&P Singapore has applied for registration under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation. 
Both S&P and S&P Singapore are affiliated to (i) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited which is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation and (ii) S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited which is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In 
accordance with the CRA Regulation, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited may endorse credit ratings 
issued by S&P or S&P Singapore. In accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited may endorse credit ratings issued by S&P or S&P Singapore. 
No significant change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of SCB and its 
subsidiaries since 31 December 2021, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most 
recent financial statements of SCB have been published. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of SCBHK and its 
subsidiaries since 31 December 2021, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most 
recent financial statements of SCBHK have been published. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of SCBSL and its 
subsidiaries since 31 December 2021, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most 
recent financial statements of SCBSL have been published. 
No material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of SCB since 31 December 2021, the 
last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited financial statements of SCB 
have been published.

--- Page 726 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
726 
 
 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of SCBHK since 31 December 2021, 
the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited financial statements of 
SCBHK have been published. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of SCBSL since 31 December 2021, the 
last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited financial statements of 
SCBSL have been published. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in the risk factor "The Group is exposed to penalties or loss through a failure to 
comply with laws or regulations", there are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
SCB is aware) during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have, 
or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of SCB and its 
subsidiaries nor is SCB aware that any such proceedings are pending or threatened. 
Save as disclosed in the risk factor "The Group is exposed to penalties or loss through a failure to 
comply with laws or regulations", there are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
SCBHK is aware) during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of 
SCBHK and its subsidiaries nor is SCBHK aware that any such proceedings are pending or 
threatened. 
Save as disclosed in the risk factor "The Group is exposed to penalties or loss through a failure to 
comply with laws or regulations", there are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
SCBSL is aware) during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of 
SCBSL and its subsidiaries nor is SCBSL aware that any such proceedings are pending or 
threatened. 
Auditors 
The Auditors of SCB are Ernst & Young LLP ("EY") (chartered accountants and a member of the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (the "ICAEW")), were formally appointed as 
independent auditors for SCB at the Annual General Meeting of SCPLC held on 4 May 2022 and will 
undertake the audit of accounts of SCB for the year ending 31 December 2022. EY audited and 
rendered unqualified audit reports on the accounts of SCB for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
The report of EY contained the following statement: "This report is made solely to the Company's 
members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit 
work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are 
required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and 
the Company's members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have 
formed". References to "the Company" in this paragraph are to SCB. 
The auditors of SCBHK are Ernst & Young, a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants, of 27/F, One Taikoo Place, 979 King's Road Quarry Bay, Hong Kong, which have 
audited, and rendered unqualified auditors' reports on, the accounts of SCBHK for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
The auditors of SCBSL are Ernst & Young LLP, a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered 
Accountants, of 1 Raffles Quay, North Tower Level 18, One Raffles Quay, Singapore 048583, which 
have audited, and rendered unqualified auditors' reports on, the accounts of SCBSL for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 and for the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 727 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
727 
 
 
Deemed Consent  
By its purchase of a Security, each Securityholder shall be deemed to agree that each Issuer may 
disclose information about any Securities or any information provided by or relating to such 
Securityholder (i) to any Affiliate; (ii) to its or any Affiliate's professional advisors, insurers, insurance 
brokers or service providers who are under a duty of confidentiality; or (iii) as required by law or 
regulation or any government, quasi-government, administrative, regulatory or supervisory body or 
authority or court or tribunal having jurisdiction over the relevant Issuer or Affiliate. 
For these purposes, "Affiliate" means, in relation to a company, any of its subsidiaries, holding 
companies or any other subsidiary of any such holding company and (where applicable) any 
representative and branch office in any jurisdiction. 
References to legislation 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 728 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
728 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€STR ......................................................... 350 
1/1 ............................................................. 334 
10 year Limitation Date .............................. 553 
10-year Limitation Date .............................. 573 
2.5 year Limitation Date ............................. 553 
2.5-year Limitation Date ..................... 499, 573 
2003 ISDA Definitions.................................. 98 
2006 Definitions ......................................... 334 
2013 Base Prospectus ............................... 106 
2014 Base Prospectus ............................... 106 
2014 ISDA Definitions.................................. 98 
2015 Base Prospectus ............................... 106 
2016 Base Prospectus ............................... 107 
2017 Base Prospectus ............................... 107 
2018 Base Prospectus ............................... 107 
2019 Base Prospectus ............................... 107 
2020 Base Prospectus ............................... 107 
2021 Base Prospectus ............................... 107 
2021 Definitions ......................................... 334 
20-year Limitation Date .............................. 499 
30/360 ....................................................... 332 
30E/360 ..................................................... 332 
30E/360 (ISDA) ......................................... 333 
360/360 ..................................................... 332 
5-year Limitation Date................................ 499 
871(m) Withholding ................... 318, 365, 393 
A ....................................................... 488, 674 
Accelerated or Matured ..................... 492, 564 
Accounting Event....................................... 448 
Accreted Amount ....................................... 481 
Accreting Obligation .................................. 481 
Accrual Condition ...................................... 363 
Accrual Rate .............................................. 363 
Accrued Interest ........................................ 553 
accrued OID .............................................. 647 
acquisition premium ................................... 648 
Actual Exercise Date ......................... 308, 313 
Actual/360 ................................................. 332 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ..................................... 332 
Actual/Actual ............................................. 331 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ................................... 333 
Actual/Actual-ISDA ................................... 331 
Additional Disruption Event ....................... 427 
Additional Fund Disruption Event .............. 444 
Additional Information ............................... 455 
Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount
 ................................................................. 527 
adjusted issue price ................... 648, 649, 652 
Adjusted Maturity Date .............................. 481 
Adjustment Amount ................................... 633 
Adjustment for Hedging Costs ..................... 65 
Administrator/Benchmark Event . 327, 386, 404 
Adviser/Key Personnel Removal Event ..... 446 
Affected Asset....................................427, 438 
Affected Fund Interest ................ 414, 440, 444 
Affected Index .................... 427, 438, 623, 626 
Affected Payment...................................... 369 
Affected Reference Entity .......................... 599 
Affiliate............................... 308, 331, 389, 717 
Agent ........................................................ 329 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount ................ 529 
Alternate Currency Notes .............................. 3 
Alternate MAP Securities .......................... 456 
Alternate Payment Currency ..................... 369 
Alternative Reference Entity ...................... 600 
Alternative Reference Obligation ............... 600 
American Style Warrants........................... 309 
Amortisation Amount ................................. 633 
Amortisation Date ..................................... 633 
Amortisation Event .................................... 634 
Amortised Face Amount ............................ 374 
Applicable Business Day ........................... 349 
Applicable Cash Dividend Amount ............ 456 
Applicable Cash Dividend Failure Date...... 452 
applicable federal rate ............................... 658 
applicable Final Terms .......................307, 330

--- Page 729 ---
729 
 
 
applicable laws .......................................... 550 
applicable Pricing Supplement ... 307, 330, 388 
applicable Product Terms .......... 307, 330, 388 
A-Share ..................................................... 710 
Asset ......................................................... 554 
Asset Amount ............. 309, 331, 427, 481, 554 
Asset Issuer ....... 129, 146, 194, 215, 276, 427 
Asset Market Value ................................... 554 
Asset Package .......................................... 554 
Asset Package Credit Event ...................... 554 
Asset Transfer Notice ................ 427, 482, 554 
Assignable Loan ................................ 491, 563 
Auction .............................................. 482, 555 
Auction Cancellation Date .................. 482, 555 
Auction Cash Settlement Amount ...... 482, 555 
Auction Covered Transaction ............. 482, 555 
Auction Final Price ............................. 482, 555 
Auction Final Price Determination Date ..... 482, 
555 
Auction Notice ................................... 472, 537 
Auction Settled Securities .................. 482, 555 
Auction Settlement Date .................... 482, 555 
Authority .................................................... 455 
Automatic Exercise ............................ 312, 314 
Average Blended Highest .......................... 522 
Average Blended Market ........................... 522 
Average Highest ................................ 521, 603 
Average Market ................................. 521, 603 
Averaging .......................................... 312, 391 
Averaging Cut-off Date .............................. 440 
Averaging Date ........... 309, 389, 427, 440, 622 
AY ............................................................. 374 
B ............................................................... 488 
Banking Act ................................................. 43 
Bankruptcy ................................ 482, 555, 634 
Base Listing Particulars ............. 192, 210, 273 
Base Prospectus ............................... 127, 142 
Basel Committee ......................................... 43 
BCAR .......................................................... 42 
BCBS .......................................................... 33 
Bearer Global Note ............................121, 329 
Bearer Notes.................................. 6, 121, 329 
Benchmark ........................ 328, 342, 386, 405 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event
 .................................................. 328, 386, 405 
Beneficial Owner ....................................... 676 
Bermudan Style Warrants ......................... 309 
Best Available Information ......................... 483 
Bid .....................................................510, 588 
Blended Highest ....................................... 522 
Blended Market ......................................... 522 
BLR ............................................................ 42 
BMR .......................................... 328, 386, 405 
Bond ..................................................502, 578 
Bond Basis ............................................... 332 
Bond or Loan .....................................502, 578 
Borrowed Money ................................502, 577 
BRC .......................................................... 120 
break cost ................................................. 674 
Business Centre ........................ 309, 331, 389 
business day ............................................. 339 
Business Day ............................. 309, 331, 389 
C(WUMP)O .............................................. 669 
Calculation Agent Determination ............... 607 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice ................................... 556 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice
 ................................................................. 556 
Calculation Amount ............................331, 390 
Calculation Period ..................................... 331 
Call Warrants ............................................ 312 
Capital Market Authority .............................. 12 
CAR ............................................................ 43 
Cash Settled Certificates ........................... 391 
Cash Settled Securities ................ 58, 483, 556 
Cash Settled Warrants .............................. 312 
Cash Settlement Amount .......................... 473 
Cash Settlement Date ............................... 473 
Cash Settlement Notice .....................472, 473 
CCPs .......................................................... 37 
CCS Jurisdiction ....................................... 464

--- Page 730 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
730 
 
 
CCyB .......................................................... 42 
Cedcom ..................................................... 314 
Central Bank .................................................4 
Certificate Agents ...................................... 388 
Certificate Balance ............................ 483, 548 
Certificateholder ........................................ 392 
Certificateholders....................................... 388 
Certificates ............................................ 1, 388 
Certificates Conditions ...... 407, 465, 524, 604, 
612, 619 
CET1 ........................................................... 43 
CFTC ...............................8, 51, 685, 691, 695 
Change in Law .......................................... 428 
China Connect Business Day .................... 463 
China Connect Disruption .......................... 462 
China Connect Early Closure ..................... 462 
China Connect Service .............................. 463 
China Connect Service Termination ........... 461 
China Connect Share Disqualification ........ 461 
Chinese QFII ............................................. 456 
CISA ......................................................... 704 
Clearing System ........................................ 428 
Clearing System Business Day .................. 366 
Clearing System(s) ............................ 309, 390 
Clearing Systems ...................................... 676 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 121, 309, 331, 390, 
428 
Client Identification Programme ................. 454 
Closing Price ............................................. 425 
Closure of the Fund ................................... 448 
CLS ............................................................. 37 
CMS Rate.................................................. 354 
CMS Spread Rate ..................................... 355 
CNY .......................................................... 635 
CNY Inconvertibility/Non-Transferability ..... 634 
Code .................. 318, 365, 393, 645, 680, 707 
CODE................. 683, 685, 688, 690, 693, 694 
Commission's Proposal ............................. 675 
Commodity ................................................ 615 
Commodity Business Day .......................... 615 
Commodity Business Day Convention ....... 615 
Commodity Exchange Act ............................. 8 
Commodity Linked Certificates ...................... 2 
Commodity Linked Notes .............................. 2 
Commodity Linked Securities ........................ 2 
Commodity Linked Warrants ......................... 2 
Commodity Reference Price...................... 616 
Commodity Terms ..................................... 612 
Common Depositary ................................. 121 
Companies Act ......................................... 705 
comparable yield ....................................... 651 
Compounded Rate .................................... 349 
Compounded Rate Observation Period ..... 349 
Compounded Reference Rate ................... 349 
Compounded Reference RateA ................. 351 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation .484, 556 
Conditions...... 3, 127, 143, 192, 211, 274, 307, 
329, 388 
Conditions to Settlement ........................... 484 
Conforming Reference Obligation ............. 556 
Consent Required Loan .....................492, 563 
Contingent Securities ................................ 651 
control................................ 308, 331, 389, 453 
controller ................................................... 453 
Conversion Value...................................... 426 
Convertible Obligation ............................... 484 
Corrected Level ......................... 325, 379, 399 
Corrected Rate ......................................... 348 
Correction Period ....................... 325, 379, 399 
Couponholders ......................................... 330 
Coupons ................................................... 329 
COVID-19 ................................................... 27 
CRA Regulation ........................................ 715 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms
 ..........................................................484, 556 
Credit Derivatives Definitions .................... 484 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee
 ................................................................. 557 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees
 ................................................................. 484 
Credit Deterioration Requirement .............. 551

--- Page 731 ---
731 
 
 
Credit Event ...................................... 485, 557 
Credit Event Amount.................................. 557 
Credit Event Backstop Date ............... 485, 557 
Credit Event Determination Date........ 485, 558 
Credit Event Notice ............................ 487, 559 
Credit Event Payment Date ....................... 559 
Credit Event Redemption Amount ...... 487, 559 
Credit Event Redemption Date .......... 488, 560 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date ...... 488, 
560 
Credit Events ............................................... 97 
Credit Linked Certificates ...............................2 
Credit Linked Notes .......................................2 
Credit Linked Securities .................................2 
Credit Terms ..................................... 465, 524 
CRR .......................................................... 549 
CSDCC ..................................................... 463 
Currency Amount............................... 488, 560 
Currency Linked Certificates ..........................2 
Currency Linked Notes ..................................2 
Currency Linked Securities ............................2 
Currency Linked Warrants .............................2 
Currency Rate ................................... 488, 560 
Currency Rate Source ....................... 488, 560 
Currency Terms ......................................... 604 
current value ............................................. 650 
Custodian .................................................. 678 
Cut Off Date .............................................. 560 
Cut-off Time ...................................... 309, 390 
d ........................................................ 351, 353 
D1 ...................................................... 332, 333 
D2 ...................................................... 332, 333 
Day Count Basis ........................................ 352 
Day Count Fraction .................................... 331 
Days Accrued ............................................ 363 
Days Observed .......................................... 363 
dc .............................................................. 354 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date. 560 
DC Credit Event Announcement ........ 488, 560 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement ... 561 
DC Credit Event Question ......................... 561 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal ......... 561 
DC Determination Cut-off Date ...........532, 561 
DC Determination Postponed Payment Date
 ................................................................. 532 
DC No Credit Event Announcement ...489, 561 
DC Party ................................................... 561 
DC Resolution....................................489, 561 
DC Rules .................................................. 561 
DC Secretary ............................................ 561 
de minimis market discount ....................... 649 
Dealer ....................................................... 489 
Deed Poll ............................................ 11, 330 
Default Redemption Amount ..................... 421 
Default Requirement ..........................489, 561 
Default Settlement Amount ....................... 422 
Defaulted Reference Entity ....................... 489 
Deferred Interest Payment Date .........533, 561 
Deferred Maturity Date ....... 469, 533, 561, 629 
Definitive Bearer Notes ............................. 329 
Definitive Notes ......................................... 329 
Definitive Registered Note ......................... 329 
Definitive Registered Notes ....................... 123 
Delay Period ............................................. 439 
Delayed Receipt Date ............................... 439 
De-listing .................................................. 428 
Deliver ....................................... 489, 561, 562 
Deliverable Obligation ................ 490, 562, 563 
Deliverable Obligation Category .........491, 563 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 491, 563 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions .......494, 566 
Deliverable Obligation Terms .............494, 566 
Deliverable Obligations ............................. 292 
Delivered ...........................................490, 562 
Delivery .............................................490, 562 
Delivery Date ............. 420, 421, 494, 566, 616 
Delivery Expenses ............. 334, 428, 494, 566 
Delivery Shortfall ................................473, 538 
Denomination Currency ............................ 336 
Deposit ..................................................... 659

--- Page 732 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
732 
 
 
Deposit Agreement .................................... 428 
Deposit Insurance Act.................................. 44 
Depositary ................................................. 428 
Depositary Receipt Security ....................... 428 
Designated Account .................................. 366 
Designated Bank ....................................... 366 
Designated Maturity ................................... 355 
Determination Date .................................... 334 
Determination Period ................................. 333 
DFSA ........................................................ 704 
DIFC ......................................................... 644 
DIFC Law .................................................. 675 
Direct Loan Participation ............................ 563 
Direct Participants ..................................... 676 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price
.................................................................. 616 
Discount Security....................................... 647 
Dispute ...................................... 324, 383, 402 
Disrupted Day.....................429, 440, 463, 623 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price .............. 429 
Disruption Fallback Provisions ................... 607 
Distribution Compliance Period .................. 334 
Dividend Percentage ................................. 456 
Dividend Start Date ................................... 456 
do .............................................................. 351 
Dodd-Frank Act ........................................... 51 
Domestic Currency ............................ 494, 566 
Domestic Investor ...................................... 710 
Domestic Law ............................................ 566 
Downstream Affiliate .......................... 494, 566 
D-SIB .......................................................... 42 
DSIBs .......................................................... 44 
D-SIBs......................................................... 43 
DSSI ........................................................... 34 
DTC .................................................. 123, 338 
DTC Notes ................................................ 676 
Due and Payable Amount .................. 494, 566 
DVP ............................................................ 37 
Early Closure ............................................. 433 
Early Redemption Amount ......... 334, 373, 390 
Early Redemption Date ............................. 390 
Early Redemption Notice....................390, 395 
Early Redemption Notification Date ....390, 393 
Early Termination Amount ......................... 635 
Early Termination Determination Date ....... 635 
Early Termination Event ............................ 635 
Early Termination Events ............................ 99 
Early Termination Local Currency Sale 
Proceeds .................................................. 635 
Early Termination Notice ........................... 636 
Early Termination Redemption Date .......... 636 
Early Termination Sale Period ................... 636 
EEA ........................... 126, 141, 191, 209, 272 
Effective Date ........................................... 424 
Election Notice .......................................... 422 
Eligible Information ................................... 567 
Eligible Transferee .............................494, 567 
EMAP Securities ........................................... 2 
Enabling Obligation ................................... 495 
Equity and Market Access Product Terms . 407 
Equity Linked Certificates .............................. 1 
Equity Linked Notes ...................................... 1 
Equity Linked Securities ................................ 1 
Equity Linked Warrants ................................. 1 
Equity Securities ....................................... 495 
Equity Security .......................................... 429 
ERISA. 680, 683, 685, 688, 689, 690, 693, 694 
ESMA ................................................... 10, 57 
ETF Fund Termination Event .................... 429 
ETF Security ............................................. 430 
EU .............................................................. 27 
EU Benchmarks Regulation .................. 10, 91 
Euclid........................................................ 314 
EURIBOR ........................................... 91, 334 
euro ............................................................ 10 
Eurobond Basis ........................................ 332 
Euroclear ................... 121, 309, 334, 390, 430 
Euronext Dublin ............................................ 4 
European Style Warrants .......................... 309 
EUWA............... 5, 10, 126, 141, 191, 209, 272

--- Page 733 ---
733 
 
 
Event of Default ......................................... 376 
Exchange .................................. 430, 616, 623 
Exchange Act .............................................. 11 
Exchange Bonds or Loans ......................... 599 
Exchange Business Day .....430, 463, 616, 623 
Exchange Control Regulations ................... 705 
Exchange Date .......................................... 121 
Exchange Disruption.................................. 433 
Exchange Event ................................ 121, 123 
Exchange Rate .................................. 441, 456 
Exchangeable Obligation ........................... 495 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation ................ 567 
Excluded Obligation ........................... 495, 568 
Execution Cost .......................................... 457 
Exempt Notes ............................................ 329 
Exempt Securities..........................................5 
Exempt Warrants ....................................... 307 
Exercise Business Day .............................. 309 
Exercise Cut-off Date......................... 495, 568 
Exercise Date ............................................ 309 
Exercise Expenses ...................... 61, 310, 315 
Exercise Notice ................................. 310, 314 
Exercise Period ................................. 310, 425 
Expiration Date .................................. 310, 313 
Extension Date .......................... 496, 568, 636 
EY ............................................................. 716 
Failure to Deliver ....................................... 431 
Failure to Pay .....................496, 551, 568, 636 
FAIS Act .................................................... 705 
Fallback Discounting.................................. 550 
Fallback Price Source ................................ 607 
Fallback Rate ............................................ 607 
Fallback Reference Currency ..................... 607 
Fallback Reference Price ........................... 607 
Fallback Settlement Currency .................... 607 
Fallback Settlement Method............... 496, 569 
Fallback Settlement Method Event ..... 497, 569 
Fallback Settlement Period ........................ 607 
Fallback Survey Valuation Postponement .. 607 
Fallback Valuation Time ............................ 607 
FATCA...................................................... 662 
FCA ............................................................ 92 
Fees or Charges Event ............................. 446 
FETL .................................................703, 711 
FIEA ......................................................... 701 
FII Regulations .......................................... 454 
Final Delivery Date .............................471, 536 
Final Execution Period .............................. 457 
Final List ............................................497, 569 
Final Price..........................................497, 569 
Final Redemption Amount . 334, 390, 431, 441, 
457, 616, 623, 636 
Final Sale Date ......................................... 637 
Final Terms ........................................307, 330 
Financial Centre ......................... 310, 334, 390 
Financial Reform Act ................................... 56 
FINMA ...................................................... 704 
FinSA........................................................ 704 
FIRO ........................................................... 42 
First Entity.................................. 308, 331, 389 
First Obligation .......................................... 578 
First Reference Entity.........................559, 570 
Fitch ............................................................. 4 
Fitch Singapore ............................................. 4 
Fixed Cap ................................................. 570 
Fixed Recovery Credit Linked Securities ... 570 
FMP Disruption Event ............................... 368 
FMP Disruption Events ............................. 368 
Force Majeure Event . 416, 476, 542, 609, 613, 
620, 629 
foreign currency ........................................ 646 
Foreign Currency Contingent Security ....... 654 
Foreign Currency Option Securities ........... 661 
foreign passthru payments ........................ 665 
Forward Security ....................................... 658 
FSB ............................................................ 40 
FSCMA ..................................................... 703 
FSM Bill ...................................................... 45 
FSMA ............... 7, 10, 126, 141, 191, 209, 272 
FSVP Number of Reference Currency 
Business Days .......................................... 607

--- Page 734 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
734 
 
 
FTT ........................................................... 675 
Full Quotation .................................... 497, 570 
Fully Transferable Obligation ............. 497, 570 
Fund ...................................196, 217, 278, 441 
Fund Administrator ............................ 430, 441 
Fund Adviser ..................................... 430, 441 
Fund Adviser Event ................................... 448 
Fund Business Day ................................... 441 
Fund Business Day Centre ........................ 441 
Fund Change in Law.................................. 444 
Fund Composition Event............................ 445 
Fund Disruption Event ............................... 445 
Fund Documents ....................................... 441 
Fund Event ................................................ 444 
Fund Extraordinary Event .......................... 445 
Fund Hedging Disruption ........................... 445 
Fund Increased Cost of Hedging................ 445 
Fund Insolvency Event .............................. 445 
Fund Interest ................ 18, 196, 217, 278, 442 
Fund Modification ...................................... 446 
Fund Nationalisation .................................. 445 
Fund Potential Adjustment Event ............... 449 
Fund Publication Date ............................... 442 
Fund Publication Disruption ............... 441, 445 
Fund Service Provider ............................... 442 
Fund Service Provider Cessation ............... 448 
Fund Service Provider Disruption ............... 448 
Fund Settlement Disruption ............... 441, 445 
Further Subordinated Obligation ................ 570 
Futures Contract ........................................ 617 
FX ......................................167, 244, 285, 425 
FX Agent ................................................... 329 
FX Performance Notes .............................. 607 
FX Rate ..............................334, 425, 607, 637 
FX Valuation Date ............................. 334, 608 
FXi ..................................................... 425, 426 
G7 ............................................................... 27 
GDP ............................................................ 29 
GDPR.......................................................... 33 
General Terms and Conditions .. 307, 330, 388 
General Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates .................................................... 3 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes .. 3 
General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 3 
Global Exchange Market ............................... 4 
Global Notes ............................................. 329 
Global Registered Note ............................. 329 
Global Security .......................... 419, 469, 534 
Global W&C Securities ................................ 11 
Global W&C Security .........................307, 388 
Government Authority 370, 418, 478, 544, 611, 
615, 622, 631 
Governmental Authority ............. 497, 570, 637 
Governmental Intervention .................570, 637 
Grace Period.............................. 497, 571, 638 
Grace Period Business Day ...............498, 571 
Grace Period Deferred Maturity Date 468, 531, 
628 
Grace Period Extension Date ..... 498, 572, 638 
Group ......................................................... 26 
G-SIB.......................................................... 40 
Guarantee................................................. 572 
Hedge Counterparty .................................. 451 
Hedge Disruption Event ............... 65, 498, 572 
Hedge Disruption Obligation......... 65, 498, 572 
Hedge Transactions .................................. 451 
hedging arrangements ............... 320, 378, 398 
Hedging Arrangements ......................572, 638 
Hedging Costs ........... 375, 394, 431, 498, 572 
Hedging Disruption ............................431, 638 
Hedging Party ........................................... 431 
Hedging Underlying Assets ....................... 431 
HIBOR ...................................................... 334 
Highest ...................................... 521, 602, 603 
HK$ ............................................................ 10 
HKMA ......................................................... 41 
HKSCC ..................................................... 463 
HLA ............................................................ 42 
Holder Obligations .................................... 455 
holder of Certificates ................................. 392 
holder of Notes ..................................124, 338

--- Page 735 ---
735 
 
 
holder of Warrants ..................................... 312 
holders ...................................... 308, 330, 388 
Holding Limit Event .................................... 448 
Holding Ratio ............................................. 448 
Hong Kong ................................................ 463 
Hypothetical Hedging Arrangements .......... 442 
Hypothetical Investor ................................. 442 
Hypothetical Investor Jurisdiction ............... 442 
i ................................................................. 352 
ICAEW ...................................................... 716 
IGAs .......................................................... 665 
Income Tax Act ......................... 143, 211, 274 
Inconvertibility/Non-Transferability ............. 638 
Increased Cost of Hedging ........................ 431 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow ................. 431 
Index ....18, 129, 146, 194, 200, 215, 222, 276, 
282, 432, 624 
Index Adjustment Event ..................... 413, 620 
Index Cancellation ............................. 413, 620 
Index Components ............................ 431, 624 
Index Disruption ................................ 413, 620 
Index Linked Certificates................................2 
Index Linked Notes ........................................2 
Index Linked Securities ..................................2 
Index Linked Warrants ...................................2 
Index Modification.............................. 413, 620 
Index Regulation ....................................... 413 
Index Regulation Event .............................. 413 
Index Terms .............................................. 619 
Indian Authority ......................................... 710 
Indian FII ................................................... 457 
Indicative Quotation ........................... 473, 538 
Indices............................................... 432, 624 
Indirect Participants ................................... 676 
Industry Requirement ................................ 600 
Information Source ...................................... 18 
Initial Fixing Date ....................................... 442 
Initial Reference Price................................ 457 
Initial Reference Rate ................................ 607 
Initial Stock Loan Rate ............................... 432 
Insider....................................................... 455 
Insolvency................................................. 432 
Insolvency Filing ....................................... 432 
Instalment Notes ....................................... 337 
instalment obligation ................................. 647 
Instrument Payments .........................499, 548 
Insurance Distribution Directive ..... 9, 126, 141, 
209, 272, 698 
Insurance Distributions Directive ............... 191 
Insured Instrument .............................508, 548 
Insured Obligor ..................................508, 548 
Interest Amount .................................356, 639 
Interest Determination Agent ..............343, 354 
Interest Determination Date....................... 344 
Interest Payment Date .......................341, 639 
Interest Period .......................................... 334 
Interest Period Date .................................. 334 
Interim Payment Amount ........................... 457 
Interim Payment Date ........................390, 452 
Interim Payments ...............................390, 392 
Interpretation of Provisions ........................ 515 
Intervening Period ...................... 432, 499, 572 
In-The-Money ........................................... 310 
Investor Put .......................................334, 390 
Investor's Currency ..................................... 58 
IRAS ......................................................... 671 
IRO ........................................................... 668 
IRS ........................................................... 646 
ISDA .......................................... 334, 499, 572 
ISDA Calculation Agent ............................. 343 
ISDA Definitions ........................................ 334 
ISDA Rate................................................. 343 
Issue Date ................................. 310, 335, 390 
Issue Terms .......................................307, 330 
Issuer..................................... 1, 307, 329, 388 
Issuer Business Day .................. 310, 335, 390 
Issuer Call..........................................335, 390 
Issuers .......................................................... 1 
IT systems .................................................. 31 
ITA............................................................ 672

--- Page 736 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
736 
 
 
ITA 2007 ................................................... 666 
Joint Potential Successor........................... 598 
Joint Relevant Obligation ........................... 598 
JTD ............................................................. 37 
July 2009 Supplement ............................... 484 
Key Personnel ........................................... 442 
Korean Investor ID Holder ......................... 458 
KSA Regulations ....................................... 706 
LAC ............................................................. 42 
Largest Asset Package .............................. 572 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan
.................................................. 514, 573, 593 
LBD ................................................... 352, 353 
LCR ............................................................. 44 
Legal persons registered in the PRC.......... 710 
Legended Notes .......................................... 11 
LEI .............................................................. 15 
LIBOR ....................................................... 335 
Limitation Date .................................. 499, 573 
Limitation Event ......................................... 447 
Limited Recourse Provisions...................... 582 
Liquidated Value ................................ 499, 573 
Listed ................................................ 504, 579 
Loan .................................................. 502, 578 
Local Currency .. 100, 368, 416, 441, 477, 542, 
610, 613, 621, 639 
Local Jurisdiction ....................................... 464 
London Banking Day ................................. 353 
London Business Day ................ 335, 352, 574 
Long Maturity Note .................................... 335 
Lookback/Shift Factor ................................ 352 
Loss of Stock Borrow ................................. 432 
Luxembourg Certificate Agent .................... 388 
Luxembourg Warrant Agent ....................... 307 
M(M)R Restructuring ................................. 573 
M1 ..................................................... 332, 333 
M2 ..................................................... 332, 333 
Mainland China ......................................... 635 
Malaysian Foreign Investor ........................ 458 
Manager ........................................................6 
Market ...............................................521, 602 
Market Access Product Notes ....................... 1 
Market Access Product Securities ......... 2, 451 
Market Access Product Warrants .................. 2 
Market Discount Security .......................... 649 
Market Disruption Event ..... 432, 462, 617, 624 
Market Value...................... 473, 499, 538, 573 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive..... 4 
MAS ................................................... 43, 671 
MAS Notice 637 .......................................... 43 
MAS Notice 649 .......................................... 44 
MAS Notice 652 .......................................... 44 
Material Change in Content ....................... 617 
Material Change in Formula ...................... 617 
Maturity Date .....................................335, 390 
Maturity Sale Period .................................. 639 
Maximum Days of Postponement .............. 608 
Maximum Exercise Number ...................... 310 
Maximum Maturity ..............................492, 564 
Maximum Number of Business Days ......... 602 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate ....................... 434 
Measures .................................................. 456 
Merger Date .............................................. 434 
Merger Event ............................. 434, 544, 631 
Mergor ...............................................544, 631 
Mid-market .........................................511, 588 
MiFID II ........... 9, 126, 141, 191, 209, 272, 698 
Minimum Exercise Number ....................... 310 
Minimum Quotation Amount ...............500, 574 
Minimum Transferable Number ................. 391 
MLA ............................................................ 44 
Modified Eligible Transferee ...............500, 574 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date ...................................................500, 574 
Moody's Hong Kong ...................................... 4 
Moody's Singapore ....................................... 4 
Movement Option...............................500, 574 
Movement Option Cut-off Date ...........501, 574 
MTF ............................................................ 91 
Multi-Exchange Index................................ 434

--- Page 737 ---
737 
 
 
Multiple Holder Obligation .................. 476, 541 
Multiplier .................................................... 434 
N ............................................................... 425 
Nationalisation ........................................... 434 
NATO .......................................................... 27 
NAV Trigger Event ..................................... 446 
Nearby Month ............................................ 617 
New Information Event .............................. 447 
Next Currency Fixing Time ................ 501, 574 
ni ............................................................... 352 
No Auction Announcement Date ........ 501, 574 
nominal ..................................................... 370 
Non Contingent Amount ............................ 550 
Non Currency Redemption ........................ 447 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation ...... 575 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference 
Obligation .................................................. 575 
Non-Contingent Amount ............................ 581 
Non-Financial Instrument ........................... 575 
Non-Standard Credit Event Determination 
Date .......................................................... 575 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date .......... 576 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation .......... 576 
Non-Transferable Instrument ..................... 576 
Non-U.S. Branch ....................................... 646 
Non-U.S. Holder ........................................ 662 
Non-U.S. Securities ............................. 93, 665 
Not Bearer ......................................... 492, 564 
Not Contingent .......................................... 491 
Not Domestic Currency ...................... 504, 579 
Not Domestic Issuance ...................... 504, 579 
Not Domestic Law ............................. 504, 579 
Not Sovereign Lender ........................ 504, 579 
Not Subordinated............................... 503, 578 
Note Certificates ........................................ 329 
Noteholder......................................... 124, 338 
Noteholders ............................................... 330 
Notes .................................................... 1, 329 
Notes Agency Agreement .......................... 329 
Notes Conditions 407, 465, 524, 604, 612, 619, 
627 
Notes Deed of Covenant ........................... 330 
Notes Deeds of Covenant ..................125, 330 
Notice Delivery Date ................................. 576 
Notice Delivery Period ........................501, 576 
Notice of Publicly Available Information .... 501, 
577 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option ..501, 576 
NSFR.......................................................... 44 
objective rate ............................................ 650 
Obligation ..........................................501, 577 
Obligation Acceleration .............. 505, 580, 639 
Obligation Category ...........................502, 577 
Obligation Characteristics ..................503, 578 
Obligation Currency ...........................505, 581 
Obligation Default ...................... 505, 581, 639 
offer .......................................................... 698 
Offer ..................................................510, 588 
offer of Securities to the public .................. 699 
Offshore CNY Centre ................................ 635 
OID ....................................................647, 651 
Option Security ......................................... 659 
Optional Redemption Amount ................... 335 
Original Base Listing Particulars . 192, 210, 273 
Original Base Prospectus .......................... 142 
Original Base Prospectus .......................... 127 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation
 ................................................................. 581 
Original Obligations ................................... 551 
O-SIIs ......................................................... 40 
OTC ............................................................ 50 
OTF ............................................................ 91 
Outstanding Amount ..........................529, 581 
Outstanding Principal Balance ... 506, 549, 581 
Owners ..................................................... 676 
p ............................................................... 352 
Package Observable Bond ........................ 581 
Parallel Auction ......................................... 582 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date .....506, 582 
Parallel Auction Final Price Determination 
Date .......................................................... 506 
Parallel Auction Settlement Date ............... 506

--- Page 738 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
738 
 
 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms ..... 506, 582 
Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date 582 
Parity Level ............................................... 425 
Parity Level Cap ........................................ 426 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount ................ 538 
Partial Cash Settlement Date ..................... 539 
Partial Cash Settlement Notice .................. 537 
Partial Redemption Amount ............... 475, 540 
participating Member States ...................... 675 
Pass-through Notes .......................................2 
Pass-through Securities .................................2 
Pass-through Terms .................................. 627 
Paying Agents ........................................... 329 
Payment ............................................ 502, 577 
Payment Currency ..................................... 336 
Payment Day ............................. 310, 335, 391 
Payment Requirement ....................... 506, 582 
Performance Factor ................................... 608 
Permanent Bearer Global Note .................. 121 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations ... 506, 582 
Permitted Contingency .............................. 582 
Permitted Currency .................................... 506 
Permitted Transfer ..................................... 583 
Pesos .......................................................... 10 
Physical Delivery Certificates ..................... 391 
Physical Delivery Warrants ........................ 312 
Physical Determination Date ...................... 480 
Physical Election ....................................... 458 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice.... 467, 
529 
Physical Settlement Date ................... 506, 583 
Physical Settlement Notice ........ 507, 528, 583 
Physical Settlement Period ................ 507, 583 
Physically Settled Securities .............. 507, 583 
plan ........................................................... 690 
Plan .......................................................... 680 
Plan Asset Regulation ............................... 680 
Plan Fiduciary .......................................... 681 
PLC ....................................167, 244, 284, 426 
PLi ............................................................. 425 
Post Dismissal Additional Period ............... 583 
Potential Adjustment Event ....................... 434 
Potential Credit Event ............................... 583 
Potential Exercise Date ............................. 310 
Potential Failure to Pay .............. 507, 584, 639 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium ......507, 584 
PRA ............................................................ 39 
PRC ........................................... 463, 701, 710 
PRC citizens ............................................. 710 
prepayment fee ......................................... 674 
Price Source ......................................608, 617 
Price Source Disruption .....................608, 617 
Pricing Date .............................................. 617 
Pricing Supplement .................... 307, 330, 388 
PRIIPs Regulation ...9, 126, 141, 191, 209, 272 
principal .................................................... 370 
Principal Certificate Agent ......................... 388 
Principal Exchanges.................................. 430 
Principal Financial Centre ......................... 608 
Principal Warrant Agent ............................ 307 
Prior Deliverable Obligation ....................... 584 
Prior Reference Obligation .................503, 579 
Private-side Loan ...................................... 584 
Product Terms .............................................. 3 
Programme ................................................... 1 
Prohibited Action ....................................... 584 
Proposed Transferee ................................ 454 
Prospectus Regulation .. 1, 126, 141, 191, 209, 
272, 698, 699 
PSN Cut-off Date ...................................... 584 
PSN Effective Date ................................... 585 
Public Source.....................................507, 585 
Publicly Available Information .............507, 585 
Put Notice ................................................. 373 
Put Option................................................. 659 
Put Premium ............................................. 659 
Put Warrants ............................................. 312 
QIB ............................................ 310, 336, 391 
QIBs ............................................ 11, 121, 123 
qualified floating rate ................................. 649

--- Page 739 ---
739 
 
 
Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor ....... 456 
qualified inverse floating rate ..................... 650 
Qualified Investor....................................... 458 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee ............ 508, 586 
Qualifying Guarantee ......................... 508, 586 
Qualifying Income ...................................... 673 
Qualifying Participation Seller .................... 587 
Qualifying Policy ................................ 508, 548 
Quantum of the Claim ................................ 587 
Quota ........................................................ 317 
Quotation ...........................474, 510, 539, 587 
Quotation Amount...............474, 510, 539, 588 
Quotation Dealer ....................................... 588 
Quotation Method ...............475, 510, 539, 588 
RA Rate .................................................... 364 
Range Accrual Cut-Off Observation Date ... 364 
Range Accrual Observation Day ................ 364 
Realised Value .......................................... 442 
Realised Value Exit Date ........................... 442 
Receipt Date ............................................. 440 
Receiptholders .......................................... 330 
Receipts .................................................... 330 
Record Date .............................................. 367 
Redeemed Notes....................................... 372 
redemption premium .................................. 674 
Redemption Proceeds ............................... 439 
Reference Asset ........................................ 639 
Reference Asset Amortisation Amount ....... 639 
Reference Asset Coupon Amount .............. 640 
Reference Asset Coupon Amount Payment 
Date .......................................................... 640 
Reference Asset Documents ..................... 640 
Reference Asset Redemption Amount ....... 640 
Reference Asset Sale Proceeds ................ 640 
Reference Currency .................................. 608 
Reference Currency Business Day ............ 608 
Reference Entity ............. 97, 99, 511, 588, 640 
Reference Entity Notional Amount ............. 588 
Reference Holder ...................................... 640 
Reference Holder Jurisdiction .................... 640 
Reference Item ..................................... 7, 658 
Reference Item Linked Security................... 72 
Reference Jurisdiction ............................... 641 
Reference Obligation ... 99, 475, 511, 588, 641 
Reference Obligation Amortisation Date .... 641 
Reference Obligation Currency ................. 641 
Reference Obligation Final Redemption Date
 ................................................................. 641 
Reference Obligation Only .................502, 578 
Reference Obligation Only Securities ........ 589 
Reference Obligation Terms...................... 641 
Reference Portfolio ................................... 511 
Reference Price ......... 311, 435, 443, 458, 625 
Reference Transaction .............................. 589 
Reference Underlying ........................368, 610 
Register .................................................... 366 
Registered Global Notes ........................... 123 
Registered Notes ........................... 6, 121, 329 
Registrar ................................................... 329 
Regulated Entity ................................454, 710 
Regulation S .................. 8, 121, 311, 336, 391 
Regulation S Definitive Registered Note ... 122, 
336 
Regulation S Global Note ...................122, 336 
Regulation S Global W&C Security..... 11, 311, 
391 
Regulation S Legend................................. 336 
Regulation S Notes .................... 122, 336, 697 
Regulatory Action...................................... 446 
Regulatory Authority.................................. 460 
Regulatory Capital Event........................... 436 
Regulatory Change Event ......................... 460 
Related Agreement Termination ................ 448 
Related Exchange ..............................436, 625 
related party .............................................. 674 
Related Payment Date .......................345, 609 
Relevant Account ................. 18, 198, 219, 280 
Relevant Accounts .................................... 449 
Relevant Adjustment Event ....................... 417 
Relevant Agent ......................................... 511 
Relevant Amount ...................................... 440

--- Page 740 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
740 
 
 
Relevant Asset .......................................... 436 
Relevant City Business Day ............... 511, 589 
Relevant Date.................................... 336, 602 
Relevant Final Amount .............................. 589 
Relevant Guarantee .................................. 590 
Relevant Holder ......................................... 590 
Relevant Information.................. 320, 378, 398 
Relevant Jurisdiction.. 370, 418, 456, 464, 478, 
544, 611, 615, 622, 631 
Relevant Nominating Body ........................ 387 
Relevant Number....................................... 353 
Relevant Obligations.......................... 511, 590 
Relevant Party ........................... 320, 378, 397 
Relevant Price ........................................... 617 
Relevant Redemption Amount ... 375, 498, 572 
Relevant Reference Entity ......................... 528 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date... 325, 348, 
379, 399 
Relevant Securities .................................... 673 
Removal Date............................................ 443 
Removal Value .......................................... 443 
RENA ........................................................ 557 
Renminbi ................................................... 710 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding 
Amount...................................................... 529 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation . 467, 529, 
590 
Replacement Fund Interest ........................ 414 
Reported Reference Price ......................... 443 
Reporting Disruption .................................. 447 
Representative Amount ............................. 590 
Repudiation/Moratorium ............ 511, 590, 641 
Repudiation/Moratorium Deferred Maturity 
Date .................................................. 468, 530 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date .. 511, 
591 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition
.......................................................... 512, 591 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 512, 
591 
Reputational Event .................................... 448 
Resolve ............................................. 512, 591 
Resolved ...........................................512, 591 
Resolves ............................................512, 591 
Restricted Entity .................................453, 709 
Restricted Fund ........................................ 448 
Restructured Bond or Loan ................513, 591 
Restructuring ............................. 513, 591, 641 
Restructuring Date .............................514, 593 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date 514, 593 
retail investor ............................................ 698 
Reverse Merger ........................................ 434 
Reverse Parity Level ................................. 426 
Revised Currency Rate ............................. 593 
Roll Number .............................................. 443 
RP ............................................................ 374 
RPLi .......................................................... 426 
Rule 144A ............................ 11, 311, 336, 391 
Rule 144A Definitive Registered Note ....... 336 
Rule 144A Definitive Registered Notes ...... 123 
Rule 144A Global Note ......................123, 336 
Rule 144A Legend .................................... 336 
Rule 144A Notes ................................123, 336 
Rules .................................................484, 676 
RWA ........................................................... 36 
S$ ............................................................... 10 
S&P .............................................................. 4 
S&P Singapore ............................................. 4 
Saudi Investor ........................................... 706 
SBD .......................................................... 352 
SCB ....................................... 1, 307, 329, 388 
SCB 2020 Annual Report .......................... 106 
SCB 2021 Annual Report .......................... 106 
SCB Malaysia ........................................... 118 
SCB Notes Deed of Covenant ............124, 330 
SCB W&C Deed of Covenant .............308, 388 
SCBHK .................................. 1, 307, 329, 388 
SCBHK 2020 Annual Report ..................... 106 
SCBHK 2021 Annual Report ..................... 106 
SCBHK Notes Deed of Covenant .......125, 330 
SCBHK W&C Deed of Covenant ........308, 389 
SCBSL................................... 1, 307, 329, 388

--- Page 741 ---
741 
 
 
SCBSL 2020 Annual Report ...................... 106 
SCBSL 2021 Annual Report ...................... 106 
SCBSL Deed Poll ........................ 11, 308, 330 
SCBSL Notes Deed of Covenant ....... 125, 330 
SCBSL W&C Deed of Covenant ........ 308, 389 
SCBSL W&C Deed Poll ....................... 11, 389 
Scheduled Averaging Date ........ 436, 443, 625 
Scheduled Closing Time ............ 436, 463, 625 
Scheduled Fund Publication Date .............. 443 
Scheduled FX Valuation Date .................... 608 
Scheduled Maturity Date............................ 642 
Scheduled Obligation................................. 439 
Scheduled Obligation Date ........................ 439 
Scheduled Physical Settlement Date . 506, 583 
Scheduled Publication Day ........................ 364 
Scheduled Trading Day ............. 436, 463, 625 
Scheduled Valuation Date ......... 437, 443, 625 
SCHSPL .................................................... 118 
SCPLC ........................................................ 26 
SCPLC 2020 Annual Report ...................... 106 
SCPLC 2021 Annual Report ...................... 106 
Screen Rate .............................................. 347 
SDO .......................................................... 669 
SEC .......................................................... 707 
Second Obligation ..................................... 578 
Section 871(m) Regulations ....................... 664 
Securities .............................................. 1, 667 
Securities Act ........................ 8, 311, 336, 391 
SECURITIES ACT ...... 683, 684, 688, 689, 693 
SEHK ........................................................ 463 
Selection Date ........................................... 372 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation ................ 549 
Senior Obligation ............................... 503, 593 
Seniority Level ................................... 549, 593 
Series ........................................ 308, 330, 388 
Settlement Amount ............................ 311, 452 
Settlement Currency .................. 515, 593, 608 
Settlement Date ......................................... 311 
Settlement Disruption Event....................... 437 
Settlement Notice ...............465, 466, 525, 627 
Settlement Period ..................................... 608 
SFA ........................... 142, 192, 210, 273, 701 
SFO .......................................................... 700 
SGD ........................................................... 10 
Short-Term Security .................................. 647 
SIB ............................................................. 43 
SIBOR ...................................................... 336 
SIBs ............................................................ 43 
similar law ................................................. 690 
Similar Law ............................................... 680 
Singapore Business Day ........................... 352 
SOFR ....................................................... 350 
SOFR Index .............................................. 354 
SOFR IndexEnd .......................................... 354 
SOFR IndexStart ......................................... 354 
Solvency Capital Provisions ...................... 593 
SONIA ...............................................350, 353 
SONIA Compounded Index ....................... 353 
Sonia IndexEnd ........................................... 353 
SONIA IndexStart ........................................ 353 
SORA ....................................................... 350 
Sovereign ..........................................515, 594 
Sovereign Agency ..................................... 515 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation
 ..........................................................515, 594 
Sovereign Succession Event ..................... 594 
Specified Currency .... 100, 311, 336, 391, 504, 
579, 642 
Specified Number ..............................515, 594 
Specified Percentage ................................ 460 
Specified Security ..................................... 664 
Spin-off Fund Interests .............................. 449 
Sponsor ..... 129, 146, 194, 200, 215, 222, 276, 
282, 437 
Spread ...................................................... 600 
Spread Requirement ................................. 600 
SRO List ................................................... 594 
SRO Removal Event ................................. 589 
Standard Reference Obligation ................. 594 
Standard Specified Currencies .................. 504 
Standard Specified Currency..................... 594

--- Page 742 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
742 
 
 
Steps Plan ................................................. 594 
Strategy Breach ......................................... 446 
Strike Price .........................311, 437, 443, 625 
Structured Notes ....................................... 713 
Structured Securities ................................. 704 
Subordinated ..................................... 503, 578 
Subordinated Obligation .................... 503, 594 
Subordination .................................... 503, 578 
Subscription Value ..................................... 443 
Substitute .................................. 323, 381, 401 
Substitute Reference Obligation......... 515, 594 
Substitution Date ....................................... 596 
Substitution Event...................................... 596 
Substitution Event Date ............................. 596 
sub-unit ..................................................... 336 
succeed ............................................. 519, 598 
Succession Date ....................................... 597 
Succession Event ...................................... 517 
Succession Event Backstop Date .............. 517 
Succession Event Notice ........................... 517 
Succession Event Resolution Request Date
.................................................................. 517 
Successor .................. 518, 519, 597, 598, 599 
Successor Associated Costs...................... 600 
Successor Backstop Date .......................... 600 
Successor Commodity Price ...................... 612 
Successor Index ................................ 413, 619 
Successor Notice....................................... 601 
Successor Resolution Request Date .......... 601 
Successor Sponsor ........................... 413, 619 
Supranational Organisation ....................... 520 
Suspension Period .................................... 544 
Swap Transaction ...................................... 343 
Table .................. 169, 175, 248, 254, 287, 293 
Taiwan FINI ............................................... 460 
Talons ....................................................... 329 
TARGET Settlement Day ....309, 331, 352, 389 
TARGET System ....................... 312, 337, 391 
Tax Change ............................................... 447 
Tax Disruption ........................................... 617 
Tax Event ................................................. 337 
Tax Jurisdiction ......................................... 337 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction ....................... 464 
TBD .......................................................... 352 
Temporary Bearer Global Note ................. 121 
Tender Offer ............................................. 437 
Terms and Conditions 127, 143, 192, 211, 274 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation .................. 549 
Tokyo Business Day ................................. 352 
TONA ....................................................... 350 
Tradable Amount ...................................... 422 
Trade Date ................................. 520, 601, 642 
Trading Disruption ..............................433, 618 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation........... 549 
Tranche ..................................... 308, 330, 388 
Tranche Global Note ................................. 122 
Transaction ............................................... 343 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ..... 520, 
601 
Transaction Type ...................................... 520 
Transfer .................................................... 454 
Transfer Agents ........................................ 329 
Transfer Certificate ................................... 340 
Transfer Notice ......................................... 454 
Transferable ......................................492, 564 
Trust ......................................................... 711 
U.S. dollars ................................................. 10 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day352, 
354 
U.S. Holder ............................................... 645 
U.S. persons ................................................. 8 
U.S.$ .......................................................... 10 
UK .....................................................126, 141 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ........................ 91 
UK CRA Regulation .................................... 57 
UK MiFIR .................................................... 10 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .................. 10, 127, 142 
UK Prospectus Regulation ...... 5, 10, 126, 141, 
191, 209, 272 
UK Prospectus REgulation ........................ 192 
Unassignable Obligation ....................473, 537

--- Page 743 ---
743 
 
 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation ........... 472, 537 
Undeliverable Obligation .................... 520, 601 
Underlying Asset . 18, 129, 146, 194, 215, 276, 
437 
Underlying Asset Currency ........................ 426 
Underlying Asset Pricei ...................... 425, 426 
Underlying Assets...................................... 437 
Underlying Obligation ........................ 508, 601 
Underlying Obligor ............................. 508, 601 
Underlying Share ....................................... 437 
Underlying Share Event ............................. 437 
Underlying Share Issuer ............................ 437 
Unitary Global W&C Security ....... 11, 312, 391 
Universal Successor .................................. 598 
Unregulated Entity ..................................... 454 
Unscheduled Holiday ................................. 609 
USBD ................................................ 352, 354 
USBDx ...................................................... 350 
USD ............................................................ 10 
Valuation Cut-off Date ............................... 444 
Valuation Date .... 426, 437, 444, 520, 601, 626 
Valuation Method................475, 521, 540, 602 
Valuation Obligation .......................... 540, 603 
Valuation Obligation Notification ................ 603 
Valuation Postponement ........................... 609 
Valuation Reference Rate ......................... 609 
Valuation Time ... 439, 475, 522, 540, 603, 609, 
626 
Variable Interest Rate Securities ............... 649 
variable rate debt instrument ..................... 649 
Volcker Rule Non-Compliance Event ......... 449 
Voting Percentage .................................... 448 
Voting Shares ....................................522, 603 
W&C Deed of Covenant .....................308, 389 
W&C Deed Poll ............................ 11, 308, 389 
W&C Deeds of Covenant ...................308, 389 
Warrant Agents ......................................... 307 
Warrantholder ........................................... 312 
Warrantholders ......................................... 308 
Warrants ............................................... 1, 307 
Warrants and Certificates Agency Agreement
 ..........................................................307, 388 
Warrants Conditions........... 407, 604, 612, 619 
Weighted Average Quotation ..... 522, 540, 603 
Weighted Average Rate ............................ 527 
y ............................................................... 374 
Y1 ......................................................332, 333 
Y2 ......................................................332, 333

--- Page 744 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
744 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF STANDARD CHARTERED BANK 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London 
EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF SCBHK 
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打銀行 (香港) 有限公司 
32nd Floor, 4-4A Des Voeux Road, Central 
Hong Kong 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF SCBSL 
Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited 
8 Marina Boulevard, #27-01 Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 1,  
018981, Singapore 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND FX AGENT IN RESPECT OF NOTES 
PRINCIPAL WARRANT AGENT IN RESPECT OF WARRANTS
PRINCIPAL CERTIFICATE AGENT IN RESPECT OF CERTIFICATES
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London 
EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT IN RESPECT OF NOTES 
LUXEMBOURG WARRANT AGENT IN RESPECT OF WARRANTS
LUXEMBOURG CERTIFICATE AGENT IN RESPECT OF CERTIFICATES
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London 
E1 6AD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 745 ---
UKO2: 2004533472.17 
 
AUDITORS 
 
 
 
 
To SCB in respect of the financial years ended 
on 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 
 
KPMG LLP 
15 Canada Square 
London E14 5GL 
United Kingdom 
To SCB as at the date of this Base Prospectus
 
Ernst & Young LLP 
25 Churchill Place 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5EY 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
To SCBHK in respect of the financial years 
ended on 31 December 2018 and 31 December 
2019 
 
KPMG Audit LLP 
15 Canada Square  
London 
E14 5GL 
United Kingdom 
 
To SCBHK as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus 
 
Ernst & Young 
22/F, CITIC Tower 
1 Tim Mei Avenue, Central 
Hong Kong 
 
To SCBSL in respect of the financial years 
ended on 31 December 2018 and 31 December 
2019 
 
KPMG 
8th Floor, Prince's Building 
10 Chater Road, Central 
Hong Kong 
To SCBSL as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus 
 
Ernst & Young LLP 
1 Raffles Quay 
North Tower Level 18, One Raffles Quay 
Singapore 048583 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland