--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
STATKRAFT AS 
(a limited company registered under number 987 059 699 with the 
Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises) 
€6,000,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
 ______________________________________________________________  
Under this €6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Statkraft AS (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the 
Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed €6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified on page 8 and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. References 
in this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. 
Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes), registered form (Registered Notes) or uncertificated book entry form cleared through the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depositary, the Verdipapirsentralen (VPS Notes and the VPS, respectively). 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Notes issued under the Programme during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to its official list (the Euronext Dublin Official List) and to trading on its 
regulated market.  
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the Prospectus Regulation).  The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market or on another regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the EEA) 
in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Offering 
Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
References in this Offering Circular to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Euronext Dublin Official List. VPS Notes may be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market and, in this case, listed (and all related references) shall be construed accordingly. Each of Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and the 
Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market are regulated markets for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, 
as amended). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final 
Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin. 
Copies of Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading 
on any market. 
The Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by either a Temporary Global Note, a Permanent Global Note, a Regulation S Global Note, a 
Restricted Global Note and/or Definitive Registered Notes (each as defined below) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. See “Form of the Notes” 
below. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer has been rated A- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and BBB+ by Fitch 
Ratings Limited (Fitch). As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Programme has been rated A- (stable outlook) by S&P and BBB+ (stable outlook) by 
Fitch.  
S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). S&P is not established in the 
United Kingdom but it is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom, and (ii) registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).  Accordingly the Issuer and the Programme ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Fitch is established in the United Kingdom (the UK) and is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch is not established in the EEA and 
has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. Please also refer to “Credit ratings may not reflect all risks” in the “Risk Factors” section of this Offering Circular. 
 ____________________________________________________  
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers  
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS  
Danske Bank 
DNB Bank  
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
Nordea 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
SEB 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit Bank 
The date of this Offering Circular is 29 March 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. When used in this Offering Circular, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Offering 
Circular is in accordance with the facts as at the date of this Offering Circular and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Offering Circular shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated into and form part of this Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering Circular 
refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have separately verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution. No Dealer or the 
Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
The statements made in this paragraph are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer 
under the Programme. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Offering 
Circular in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Trustee to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the 
Trustee. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by 
or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming 
to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated 
by reference into this Offering Circular when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes (as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes”) may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, be calculated by reference to a 
Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). As at the date of this Offering

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Circular, European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation).  
As far as the Issuer is aware, (i) SONIA (as defined herein) does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation and (ii) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that neither the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (as administrator of STIBOR) nor 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (as administrator of LIBOR) is currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union (the (EU), recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (iii) not a qualified investor

--- Page 4 ---
4 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the 
SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this document 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Offering 
Circular or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the 
European Economic Area (including Belgium and Norway), the United Kingdom, Japan and Singapore 
(see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
The Notes have not been nor will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S)). See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
This Offering Circular has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes in reliance upon Regulation S outside the United States to non-U.S. persons and, with respect to 
Notes in registered form only, within the United States (1) in reliance upon Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (Rule 144A) to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A (QIBs), 
(2) to "institutional accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities 
Act) (Institutional Accredited Investors) pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act or (3) in 
transactions otherwise exempt from registration. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of 
the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act in connection with any resales or other 
transfers of Notes that are “restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has 
undertaken in the Trust Deed (as defined below) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or 
any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by such holder, the 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act, if at the time of the 
request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3)

--- Page 5 ---
5 
of the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of 
the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act. 
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series of Registered Notes, Registered Notes of 
each Tranche of such Series sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented 
by a permanent global note in registered form, without interest coupons (a Regulation S Global Note), 
deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust 
Company (DTC). With respect to all offers or sales by a Dealer of an unsold allotment or subscription 
and in any case prior to expiry of the period that ends 40 days after the later of the date of issue and 
completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes (the Distribution Compliance Period), beneficial 
interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. person (save as otherwise provided in Condition 2) and may be held only through Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg). Registered Notes of each 
Tranche sold in private transactions to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A will be represented by a restricted 
permanent global note in registered form, without interest coupons (a Restricted Global Note and, 
together with a Regulation S Global Note, Registered Global Notes), deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional 
Accredited Investors will be in definitive registered form (Definitive Registered Notes), registered in the 
name of the holder thereof. Definitive Registered Notes will, at the request of the holder (save to the extent 
otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms), be issued in exchange for interests in a Registered 
Global Note upon compliance with the procedures for exchange as described in “Form of the Notes” 
below. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global Note (a Temporary 
Global Note) or a permanent global Note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary 
Global Note, each a Global Note) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which will be deposited on 
the issue date thereof with a common safekeeper or a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance system. Beneficial interests in a Temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable for either beneficial interests in a Permanent Global Note or definitive Bearer Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note either (i) is exchangeable (in whole but 
not in part) for definitive Notes upon not less than 60 days’ notice or (ii) is only exchangeable (in whole 
but not in part) for definitive Bearer Notes following the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined in 
“Form of the Notes” below), all as further described in “Form of the Notes” below. For further details of 
clearing and settlement of the Notes issued under the Programme see “Book-Entry Clearance Systems” 
below. 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated book entry form, as more fully described 
under “Form of the Notes” below. On or before the issue date of each Tranche of VPS Notes entries may 
be made with the VPS to evidence the debt represented by such VPS Notes to accountholders with the 
VPS. VPS Notes will be issued in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to VPS Notes from 
time to time. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of indices and 
financial markets; and

--- Page 6 ---
6 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars and U.S.$ refer to the currency of the United States of 
America, references to NOK or Norwegian Kroner are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway, 
those to Japanese Yen and Yen refer to the currency of Japan and those to Sterling, GBP and £ refer to 
the currency of the United Kingdom. In addition, references to euro and € refer to the currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the 
functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Certain financial information set out herein has been extracted from the Issuer’s annual audited 
consolidated financial statements for either the year ended 31 December 2020, or the year ended 31 
December 2019, including the notes thereto, which have been incorporated by reference herein.  The 
Issuer’s annual audited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board (IASB) and the interpretation of these standards as adopted by the European Union.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................... 14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................... 27 
FORM OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................................................. 28 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 43 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................... 80 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP .............................................................................................................. 81 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES ................................................................................... 100 
MANAGEMENT OF THE ISSUER ......................................................................................................... 101 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO DEFINITIVE REGISTERED NOTES ....................... 107 
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF RESTRICTED NOTES AND 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS .................................................................................................................. 108 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 111 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. 113 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 117 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 122 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers (the Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Issuer: 
Statkraft AS 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
529900TH4OAW7WYG1777 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Danske Bank A/S 
DNB Bank ASA 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Société Générale 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under “Risk Factors” below and include, but 
are not limited to, risks relating to electricity generation 
capacity, weather related risks, environmental risks, policy risks 
(as the Issuer is a state-owned entity), regulatory risks, country 
and partner risks, and risks relating to hedging, trading and 
structured sales. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under 
“Risk Factors” and include certain risks relating to the structure 
of particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale” below), including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Offering 
Circular. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited 
class of professional investors and have a denomination of at 
least £100,000 or its equivalent (see “Subscription and Sale” 
below). 
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A. 
Exchange Agent  
and Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A. 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Paying Agent and Transfer Agent 
Citibank Europe plc 
VPS Account Manager: 
Danske Bank A/S, Verdipapirservice 
Irish Listing Agent 
McCann Fitzgerald Listing Services Limited 
Size: 
Up to €6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, including, without limitation, Australian dollars, 
Canadian dollars, Czech koruna, Danish kroner, euro, Hong 
Kong dollars, Japanese Yen, New Zealand dollars, Norwegian 
kroner, Sterling, South African Rand, Swedish kronor, Swiss 
francs and United States dollars (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form, registered form or, in the 
case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Notes in bearer form will not be 
exchangeable for Notes in registered form and Notes in 
registered form will not be exchangeable for Notes in bearer 
form. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced 
by the crediting of VPS Notes to accounts with the VPS. See 
“Form of the Notes” below. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) which in either case, 
will 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global 
note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common 
Safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN 
form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common 
Depositary) 
for, 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream,

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Luxembourg, 
and subject, in each case, to such restrictions as are contained in 
the relevant Global Note and summarised below. Temporary 
Global Notes will be exchanged not earlier than 40 days after 
their issue only upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global 
Note either (i) is exchangeable (in whole but not in part) for 
definitive Notes upon not less than 60 days’ notice or (ii) is only 
exchangeable (in whole but not in part) for definitive Notes 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, as described in 
“Form of the Notes” below. Any interest in a Temporary Global 
Note or a Permanent Global Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed 
clearance system, as appropriate. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes which is sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S will, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be represented by a 
Regulation S Global Note which will be deposited with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC 
on its Issue Date for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. With respect to all offers or sales by a Dealer of 
an unsold allotment or subscription and in any case prior to the 
expiry of the Restricted Period beneficial interests in a 
Regulation S Global Note of such Tranche may be held only 
through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear. After the 
expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period (as defined in 
Condition 1), beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note 
may be held through DTC directly by a participant in DTC or 
indirectly through a participant in DTC. Regulation S Global 
Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes only 
in the limited circumstances as more fully described in 
Condition 2. 
Registered Notes of any Series sold in private transactions to 
QIBs and subject to the transfer restrictions described in “Notice 
to Purchasers and Holders of Restricted Notes and Transfer 
Restrictions” will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be represented by a Restricted Global Note which 
will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of, DTC on its Issue Date. 
Notes represented by the Registered Global Notes will trade in 
DTC’s same day fund settlement system and secondary market 
trading activity in such Notes will therefore settle in 
immediately available funds. Beneficial interests in a Regulation 
S Global Note and a Restricted Global Note will be shown on, 
and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records 
maintained by DTC and its direct or indirect participants, 
including Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. See “Book-
Entry Clearance Systems” below. 
Notes initially offered and sold in the United States to 
Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(2) of the 
Securities Act or in a transaction otherwise exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act and subject to the transfer 
restrictions described in “Notice to Purchasers and Holders of 
Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions”, will be issued only 
in definitive registered form and will not be represented by a

--- Page 11 ---
11 
global Note or Notes. Persons holding beneficial interests in 
Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case 
may be, under the circumstances described in Condition 2, to 
receive physical delivery of Definitive Registered Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest- rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(ii) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as selected prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on the Interest Payment Dates specified 
in, or determined pursuant to, the applicable Final Terms and 
will be calculated on the basis of the relevant Floating Day 
Count Fraction unless otherwise indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If Floating Rate Notes provide for a Rate of Interest (or any 
component thereof) to be determined by reference to a reference 
rate and the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event (as 
defined in Condition 5(b)(viii)) in respect of such reference rate 
has occurred, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 
5(b)(viii)) to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (each as defined in Condition 5(b)(viii)) for use 
in place of the original reference rate and to determine an 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 5(b)(viii)). If the 
Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread (if any), then the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the original reference rate and the 
fallback provisions set out in the Conditions. See Condition 
5(b)(viii) for further information. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount, at par 
or at a premium to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest other than in the case of late payment. 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate 
either that the Notes of such Tranche cannot be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or

--- Page 12 ---
12 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable 
notice (or such other notice period (if any) as is indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as are 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time 
to time, prior to their stated maturity, at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount. 
In addition, if Change of Control Put is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Noteholders in the circumstances described in Condition 7(f)(ii). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be such as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amounts in such currency at the 
time of issue of such Notes). 
Notes in registered form sold pursuant to Rule 144A shall be 
issued in denominations of U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) and higher integral multiples of 
U.S.$10,000 (or its equivalent as aforesaid). Definitive 
Registered Notes sold in the United States to Institutional 
Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities 
Act or in a transaction otherwise exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act shall be issued in minimum denominations of 
U.S.$500,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and 
higher integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 (or its equivalent as 
aforesaid). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
within the Kingdom of Norway, subject as provided in 
Condition 8. In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 8, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross-default provision as 
further described in Condition 10. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and, subject to the provisions of Condition 4, unsecured

--- Page 13 ---
13 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated A- (stable outlook) by S&P and 
BBB+ (stable outlook) by Fitch. Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Programme.  
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
Applications may be made to list VPS Notes on the Oslo Stock 
Exchange. Any such applications will be in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations governing the listing of VPS 
Notes on the Oslo Stock Exchange from time to time. 
The applicable Final Terms will state on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading. 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, English law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Securities Register 
Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time to time, 
implementing Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 and the holders of 
VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the 
obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any 
related regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
Belgium and Norway), the United Kingdom, Japan and 
Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes. See “Subscription and Sale” and “Notice to Purchasers 
and Holders of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions” 
below.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of 
the Notes. The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme.  The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and 
certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Offering Circular a 
number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due 
under the Notes. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme 
Risk factors specific to the Issuer 
State-ownership of Statkraft 
Political and economic policies of the Norwegian State could affect Statkraft’s business and financial 
condition. This may be reflected in decisions relating to the pursuance of Statkraft’s commercial and 
financial interests, including those relating to dividend distribution policy and/or its strategy on 
development, production and trading activities as well as potential future ownership structures. 
Business specific risk factors 
Statkraft undertakes an annual review of the key risk factors to its business. The risks are ranked in order 
of their materiality to Statkraft’s business.  
Power price uncertainty 
As a leading company in international hydropower, Statkraft is heavily exposed to power prices in most 
markets in which it is present. Future power prices have a direct effect on Statkraft’s existing assets, and 
also affect decisions related to potential new assets. The majority of Statkraft’s value is directly exposed to 
the power prices in the Nordic market which are the most important value drivers for Statkraft.  
The power prices in the Nordic market are heavily affected by the power balance; increased generation or 
reduced demand will reduce the power prices and vice versa. The Nordic market is increasingly connected 
to the continental European markets and to the Baltic region, and are thus influenced by changes to fuel 
prices, prices for CO2 emission rights, demand growth and the development in production capacity in 
these markets. Growth in wind and solar, and the phasing out of thermal capacity, are changes in 
generation technologies that impact the power prices and power balance. New technologies, new 
generation methods and new market players may also influence the future price development and hence 
the competitiveness of traditional utilities. 
A major part of the current electricity generation capacity of the Group comes from hydropower plants, 
most of which are situated in Norway. The hydro reservoir levels can vary considerably from year to year, 
and the hydrological balance may affect both the price of electricity and the capacity available and may 
significantly impact upon Statkraft’s revenues. Statkraft’s generation capacity can be affected by climate 
changes relating inter alia to changes in precipitation patterns and seasonal variations. 
Statkraft is predominantly exposed to the wholesale electricity market, which is considered as being more 
volatile in nature than the retail market. There is also a risk of reduction in demand for electricity caused 
by inter alia structural changes within the energy/intensive process industry, with potential impact on the 
Group’s future profits. 
Besides the hydropower plants, gas fired generation facilities account for 2,390 MW of Statkraft’s total 
generation capacity of 19,961 MW (based on Statkraft’s pro-rata share of direct and indirect ownership of 
such powerplants). Through these facilities, Statkraft is exposed to risk factors such as the differential

--- Page 15 ---
15 
between gas and electricity prices. A negative development in the price differential between electricity and 
gas may negatively impact upon Statkraft’s financial performance. The plants also emit carbon dioxide 
and other so called greenhouse gases. Availability and price changes on emission rights may also 
negatively impact upon Statkraft’s financial performance.  
Regulatory Issues 
The business framework within which Statkraft operates is influenced by political decisions, including 
(but not limited to) changes in the minimum water flow regulations and instructions from the Norwegian 
Water Resources and Energy Directorate (NVE), grid regulation (including the revenue scheme), tax 
regulations (including environmental taxes), as well as the general conditions and regulations set for the 
industry at large in the Norwegian and other relevant markets.  
Most of Statkraft's existing hydro assets have a long economic life time and the values of the assets are 
largely dependent on the long-term cash flows. All Norwegian concessions given in accordance with 
“Vassdragsreguleringsloven” are subject to the concession updating process, which has the aim of 
improving the environmental conditions in the watercourses and concession area. Improving 
environmental conditions is of high priority both for new and existing concessions, at both the national 
and EU level.  There are potentially significant financial impacts on long-term cashflows from the pending 
concession update processes in Norway, aiming at improving local environmental conditions. Improving 
environmental conditions is of high priority both for new and existing concessions, at both the national 
and EU level. All Norwegian concessions given in accordance with “Vassdragsreguleringsloven” are 
subject to the concession updating process, which has the aim of improving the environmental conditions 
in the watercourses and concession area.  
Statkraft is subject to a number of different environmental laws, regulations, environmental expectations 
and reporting requirements. Costs are incurred for prevention, control, abatement or elimination of 
releases into the air and water, as well as in the disposal and handling of wastes at operating facilities. 
Expenditures of a capital nature include (but are not limited to) remedial measures on existing power and 
heat facilities, measures arising from the construction of new production facilities and power lines and the 
regulation of water flow all of which could impact materially on Statkraft’s results, as could liability due 
to failure for any reason to satisfy applicable requirements. 
Increases in transmission tariffs implies increased costs for Statkraft. Although such tariffs are regulated, 
increased investment needs in a transmission grid may lead to the need for additional income for such grid 
operators and hence cost increases for the users of such grid.  
Statkraft is exposed to a number of tax risks in the countries where it operates. Statkraft's tax risk 
management process facilitates appropriate identification, measurement, management and reporting of tax 
risks. Currently, the Statkraft Treasury Centre SA tax dispute risk constitutes the majority of Statkraft’s 
total tax exposure.  
On 3 March 2020 and 12 March 2020, Statkraft AS received decisions of tax reassessment from the 
Norwegian tax authorities. The main issue relates to Statkraft Treasury Centre SA’s capital structure, and 
its compliance with the arm’s length principle. Statkraft strongly disagrees that there is a legal basis for 
any reassessment and has made no provisions related to this case in its consolidated financial statements. 
In the parent company financial statements, prepared under generally accepted accounting principles in 
Norway, the impact from the decision has been expensed.   
Statkraft paid NOK 2,335 million to the Norwegian tax authorities in the second quarter of 2020 related to 
this case, associated with the period 2010-2016. Of this, NOK 2,079 million is presented as an uncertain 
income tax deposit and NOK 256 million is presented as uncertain interests deposit. Both items are part of 
the line item “Other non-current assets” in the statement of the financial position in Statkraft’s 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The EU and international regulatory framework may influence the supply and demand for electricity and 
hence the price of electricity as well as generation costs. This is true both for greenhouse gas emission 
allowances and for support schemes for new renewable generation capacity. The price of carbon emission 
rights is transferred into the wholesale electricity market and will influence Statkraft indirectly through the 
power price. There is a general trend of increasing regulation of the energy market, in particular in the 
European Union, with stricter rules and sanctions, as well as more comprehensive requirements for 
reporting. 
Governments within and outside Europe have high ambitions to increase the share of renewables in the 
electricity generation mix. In order to incentivise investments in new renewables, attractive support

--- Page 16 ---
16 
schemes have been established to enhance the profitability of otherwise non-competitive technologies. 
For many investments, Statkraft is relying on such support. Therefore, the retention of support schemes 
and markets is important, and changes in, or abolishment of, these schemes may have a direct influence on 
Statkraft’s revenue or profits and its future investment plans in the different markets. 
Regulatory framework conditions in various jurisdictions can influence Statkraft's production, costs and 
revenues. Statkraft therefore carefully considers any uncertainties relating to local regulatory conditions 
when making investment decisions abroad. Possible changes in the political landscape are also considered, 
and the maintenance of an open dialogue and good relationships with decision-makers in all relevant 
markets is a priority to Statkraft.  
All changes affecting any of the above-mentioned factors may have adverse consequences for Statkraft’s 
power production capacity, revenue or profits. 
Country risk 
Statkraft is exposed to country risk, especially in emerging markets. Statkraft assesses risk for each 
country individually and compares countries in each region. The risk assessment of the activity in each 
country covers political and regulatory aspects, social development, security, compliance, tax regime and 
corporate legislation. The exposure to corruption risk is high in several of the countries where Statkraft is 
present. 
Statkraft is committed to ensuring that all parts of the Group comply with the Group’s policies and 
procedures. The standards are communicated to all partners and suppliers. Statkraft has zero tolerance for 
corruption and strives to ensure continued compliance with all applicable anti-bribery/corruption 
legislation and any applicable sanctions. If Statkraft is associated with, or even accused of being 
associated with, partners or third parties who are acting in breach of applicable anti-bribery/corruption 
legislation, sanctions or similar legislation, then Statkraft’s reputation could suffer and/or Statkraft could 
become subject to fines, sanctions and/or legal enforcement (including being added to any “black lists” 
that could prohibit certain parties from engaging in transactions with Statkraft), any one of which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Statkraft’s operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Risks related to Operation and Maintenance  
Operational irregularities or failure to keep power generation or other production assets running 
(whether due to accident or otherwise) may cause a drop in generation revenues. 
Despite a robust set-up and continuously improved defence systems and procedures, production control 
could fail due to incidents such as bad weather conditions, faulty actions by personnel, technical failures or 
the continuously changing cyber threat landscape.  
Statkraft’s operations may be affected by climate change. Severe weather conditions can impact on 
ongoing operations, as well as on its capex levels, and may negatively impact upon Statkraft’s financial 
performance. 
Potential dam-break flooding represents a potential hazard to third parties. Accidents related to other parts 
of Statkraft’s operations and products may also cause damage to third party property or persons. Such 
claims may not be recoverable through applicable insurance cover or otherwise. 
Risks Related to Investment Activities 
The Group runs ongoing investment programmes to update and renew its portfolio of assets. The ability 
to manage these investment programmes within set time and cost frames is vital for profitability. 
Historically, it has been greenfield hydropower projects outside the Nordics that have been the most 
challenging projects. Poor project planning and execution may lead to accidents, delays, cost overruns, and 
impairments. After the implementation by Statkraft in 2018 of a common project management model 
(designed to improve project planning and execution), there has been a positive trend in project 
performance.  
In order to prepare for the future, and to comply with its stated strategy of being a leading player in 
the energy market, the Group will take on a significantly larger number of investments within onshore 
wind and solar going forward. Key success factors for growing profitable portfolios will be to build scale, 
ensure cost competitiveness, and attract financial investors, while continuously improving corporate 
responsibility.  These internal factors, in addition to external risk factors like changes to regulatory 
conditions, market prices, financing regimes and political trends, may affect the liability of these 
investments, and as a result, the financial condition of the Group.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Financial Risks 
The Group is facing credit risk through its liquidity portfolio and when entering into transactions with 
financial institutions and providers of clearing services.  
Losses in relation to treasury operations could be caused by the occurrence of (but not limited to) the 
following events: 
(i) 
Statkraft uses interest rate and currency instruments in its management of its interest rate and 
foreign exchange exposure. Movements in interest rates and/or the value of currencies could cause 
losses on the hedging transactions. 
(ii) 
Incorrect trade collection and/or reporting, intentional or unintentional, caused by errors in either 
the front or back-offices could have the effect that internal risk measurement systems are unable to 
correctly measure the Group’s exposure, which in turn could lead to unexpected losses. 
(iii) 
Statkraft may assume counterparty exposure in its treasury operations by entering into financial 
contracts. Default by a counterparty under such a contract could put Statkraft’s claims at risk and/or 
cause losses by settlement exposure with such counterparty. 
Statkraft depends on the availability of funding and credit to finance future development plans and 
projects and/or to refinance existing facilities and debt. No assurance can be given that the capital 
markets and/or syndication markets in which banks operate will be accessible and able to provide debt 
finance in such amounts and on such terms as may be required at the relevant time. 
Hedging, Trading and Structured Sales 
The Group has major customers and substantial counterparty exposures in its energy sales and trading 
operations. Default by one or more of such customers or counterparties may adversely affect the financial 
results of the Group. Statkraft’s main credit counterparty risk is related to the long-term power contracts 
portfolio tied to its Norwegian assets. These are the main hedges for the downside scenarios in the Nordics 
and Statkraft’s hydro asset fleet. This risk can be impacted directly by defaults by counterparties with loss 
of payment, or indirectly, by Statkraft being forced to re-negotiate the contracts to avoid the counterparties 
from defaulting due to financial hardship.  
The main goal for Statkraft’s hedging operation is to identify and manage financial risk in connection with 
the electricity market. Losses in relation to these hedging operations could be caused by the occurrence of 
(but not limited to) the following events: 
(i) 
Statkraft uses forward instruments in its management of its exposure to the electricity market. 
Major movements in forward prices caused by events in the relevant market could prove that the 
assumptions made in the risk models were insufficient and, as a consequence, losses could occur. 
(ii) 
Incorrect trade collection and/or reporting, intentional or unintentional, caused by errors in either 
the front or back-offices could have the effect that internal risk measurement systems are unable to 
correctly measure the Group’s exposure, which in turn could lead to unexpected losses. 
The Group frequently trades financial energy products with industrial enterprises, power producers and 
distribution companies on a bilateral basis and via power exchanges in Europe as well as in Brazil and 
India. The Group furthermore enters into contracts with large customers specially designed to 
accommodate the needs of the individual customer. Trading activities and structured sales may have a 
negative effect on Statkraft’s profitability. 
Natural and other disasters 
The Group's business and operating results could be negatively impacted by natural, social, technical or 
physical risks such as a widespread health emergency such as Covid-19 (or concerns over the possibility 
of such an emergency), earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, flooding, fire, water scarcity, power loss, loss 
of water supply, telecommunications and information technology system failures, cyberattacks, labour 
disputes, political instability, military conflict and uncertainties arising from terrorist attacks, including a 
global economic slowdown, the economic consequences of any military action and associated political 
instability.  
In particular the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic, which has had an impact on the power and renewables 
industry and has increased the market risk and uncertainty related to future power prices, as well as the 
credit risk towards customers (such as breach and cancellation of contracts), and any potential similar 
future pandemic, may have a significant adverse effect on the Group, namely: (i) the spread of such 
diseases amongst the Group’s employees, or any quarantines or social distancing measures affecting the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Group’s employees or facilities, may reduce the Group’s personnel’s ability to carry out their work, thus 
affecting the Group’s operations; and (ii) the current pandemic and any potential similar future outbreaks 
may also have an adverse effect on the Group’s counterparties and/or customers, resulting in additional 
risks in the performance of the obligations assumed by them to the Group, as and when the same fall due, 
and ultimately exposing the Group to an increased number of defaults among its counterparties and/or 
customers. 
All of Statkraft’s facilities have been operating satisfactorily, but as a result of Covid-19 and government 
decisions on lockdown and restrictions, three construction projects temporarily ceased during 2020. These 
were gradually restarted in accordance with national guidelines in the respective countries, but two of the 
projects will have delays and cost overruns. 
Safety and security risk 
There is exposure to safety risk throughout the value chain and is highest for activities carried out during 
construction, operation and maintenance work. Although there has been a positive development in results 
over several years, reducing the number of fatal accidents significantly, in 2020 Statkraft had three fatal 
accidents. The primary drivers for this exposure are construction projects with high levels of inherent 
safety risk, as well as the growing volume of activities with safety risk. Based on several years’ 
experience, the activities with highest risk potential are driving, working at height, lifting operations, 
energised systems, heavy mobile equipment, ground works and confined space. 
Personnel working for Statkraft may be exposed to violent crime, terrorist attack, militancy and/or civil 
unrest, either as an intended target of a threat agent, or incidental, for instance by being at the wrong place 
at the wrong time. Exposure to this risk varies across Statkraft locations and operations and is therefore to 
a large degree handled locally. 
Failure to mitigate safety and security risk could lead to financial and human costs as a result of cessation 
or suspension of business, delays in project delivery, injuries, financial penalties and/or reputational 
damage. 
Human rights issues 
Human rights in relation to business is a fast maturing field. The United Nations launched Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights in 2011, which have been incorporated into OECD and EU 
guidelines. There is also an increasing tendency to legislate in respect of these matters.  
Assessments by Statkraft show that salient human rights risks for Statkraft are related to community 
acceptance, including by Indigenous Peoples. Statkraft’s core activities often impact local communities, in 
particular when it comes to land rights and use. Indigenous Peoples’ rights are relevant for several of 
Statkraft’s activities; for instance, in Norway, Sweden, Chile and Peru. There are also considerable risks 
related to potential human rights violations in our supply chain and related to security arrangements.  
Failure to successfully address this risk factor or to comply with relevant standards and regulations may 
have a negative impact on Statkraft’s financial condition as a result of cessation or suspension of business, 
delays in project delivery, financial penalties and/or reputational damage. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at

--- Page 19 ---
19 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes 
convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those 
Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
A holder of Floating Rate Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate 
Notes in advance. In the event that the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns 
negative, the interest rate will be below the margin, if any, and may be zero and accordingly, the holders 
of Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest periods.  Neither 
the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the 
future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks (such as, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, 
a Reference Rate) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.   
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU.  It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the 
FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for 
market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks and, on 5 March 2021, the FCA 
announced that all LIBOR currencies and tenors will either cease to be provided by any administrator or 
no longer be representative. The announcement states that permanent cessation will occur (i) immediately 
after 31 December 2021, in the case of all euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR settings and certain Sterling, 
Japanese Yen and US dollar LIBOR settings; and (ii) immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of 
certain other U.S. dollar LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month 
and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue 
to consider the case for, using its powers to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a 
further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of US dollar LIBOR). The announcement also 
states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market 
that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling 
and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR 
settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the 
end of 2022. From January 2018 onwards, the FCA’s working group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates has been 
mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) 
over the subsequent four years across Sterling bond, loan and derivative markets, so that SONIA is 
established as the primary Sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area 
financial system. On 13 September 2018, the euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area 
recommended Euro Short-term Rate (€STR) as the new risk free rate for the euro area. €STR was 
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply 
with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its 
current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent certain benchmarks (such as 
EURIBOR, STIBOR and/or NIBOR) will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause 
certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR, STIBOR and/or NIBOR) to perform differently than they have 
done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have 
(without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of national or international reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the Rate 
of Interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate will be 
determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that the Issuer determines 
that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred. 
If a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) at any time when any Rate of Interest (or component thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, such fallback arrangements include the possibility that: 
(a) 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (each as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) determined by an Independent Adviser (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes); and 
(b) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is so determined, an 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) shall also be 
determined by the relevant Independent Adviser,

--- Page 21 ---
21 
in each case as more fully described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Investors should note that 
the relevant Independent Adviser will have discretion to determine the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(which may be positive, negative or zero) in the circumstances described in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, and in any event an Adjustment Spread may not be effective in reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
In addition, the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, may also specify changes to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (including with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread) will still result in any such Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the originally specified Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form.  
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments 
described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be 
no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be 
favourable to each Noteholder. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the 
Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and 
alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and 
the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, where the Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being determined by reference to SONIA, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of a 
compounded daily rate. Such rate will differ from the GBP LIBOR rate in a number of material respects, 
including (without limitation) that a compounded daily rate will be determined by reference to backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas GBP LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should 
be aware that GBP LIBOR and SONIA may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for 
Notes issued under the Programme. The use of SONIA as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is 
subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing 
SONIA. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing SONIA should be aware that the market 
continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an 
alternative to GBP LIBOR. For example, in the context of backwards-looking SONIA rates, market 
participants and relevant working groups are, as at the date of this Offering Circular, currently exploring 
alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including forward-looking ‘term’ SONIA reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated 
term). The adoption of SONIA may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates 
transferring from GBP LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that 
reference SONIA issued under this Offering Circular. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes 
referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any 
previous SONIA-referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The nascent development of SONIA 
as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond market, as well as continued development of SONIA-based 
rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-based Notes 
issued under the Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of any Notes referencing SONIA. Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to any such Floating Rate Notes. 
The Rate of Interest on Notes which reference SONIA will be capable of being determined only near the 
end of the relevant Interest Period 
The Rate of Interest on Notes which reference SONIA is only capable of being determined at the end of 
the relevant Interest Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult 
for investors in such Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to 
GBP LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing SONIA become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 10, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable and 
shall not be reset thereafter.  
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree 
to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of 
the provisions of Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of 
Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such. 
A Restructuring Plan implemented pursuant to Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 may modify or 
disapply certain terms of the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders 
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or 
may affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a 
Plan) with its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 to eliminate, reduce, prevent or 
mitigate the effect of any of those financial difficulties.  Providing that one class of creditors (who would 
receive a payment, or have a genuine economic interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, and in the 
view of the English courts any dissenting class(es) who did not approve the Plan are no worse off under 
the Plan than they would be in the event of the “relevant alternative” (such as, broadly, liquidation or 
administration), then the English court can sanction the Plan where it would be a proper exercise of its 
discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding on all creditors and members regardless of whether they approved

--- Page 23 ---
23 
it and may, therefore, adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment 
in the Notes where it has the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Offering Circular. In particular, potential investors should note 
that any such change in applicable law or administrative practice could materially adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it. 
Introduction of Norwegian Withholding Tax / Potential Issuer Redemption for Tax Reasons 
From 1 July 2021, Norway will introduce a new withholding tax on certain payments of interest. The new 
withholding tax liability is limited, however, to interest payments made to related enterprises resident 
within low-tax jurisdictions. As the new withholding tax will only apply to interest payments made to such 
related enterprises (i.e. companies owned, directly or indirectly, or controlled, by at least 50 per cent.), it 
will not affect interest payments on Notes issued by the Issuer in the present circumstances. 
If the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8, the Issuer 
may (subject to the conditions set out therein) exercise its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 
7(b). 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without 
first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at 
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding.  In addition, the imposition of

--- Page 24 ---
24 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if subsequent changes in market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of 
the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer and/or the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency 
and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a 
UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in 
the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as ‘Green Bonds’, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention 
to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote 
climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (Eligible Projects). Prospective investors should have 
regard to the information in the Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together 
with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the 
Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any relevant Eligible Projects.  Furthermore, it should 
be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or 
such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will 
develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
“green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering Circular. 
Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only 
current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Notes are admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of Euronext Dublin’s regulated market or the Oslo 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any other person that such admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of 
or related to, any Eligible Projects.  Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
admission to trading may vary between Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and the Oslo Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person that any such admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or, if obtained, that any such admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Projects 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects will be capable of being implemented 
in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly 
such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Projects.  Nor can there be any 
assurance that such Eligible Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Projects as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the 
Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being admitted to trading on any stock exchange 
as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value 
of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Projects and/or result in adverse consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published, shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of 
the Issuer for each of the financial years ended (i) 31 December 2019 (which appear on pages 59 to 
171 (inclusive) of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 and which 
can be found at https://www.statkraft.com/globalassets/1-statkraft-public/05-investor-relations/4-
reports-and-presentations/2019/q4-2019/statkraft-as-annual-report-2019.pdf) and the section titled 
“Alternative Performance Measures” (which appears on pages 182 to 184 (inclusive) of the annual 
report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019) and (ii) 31 December 2020 (which 
appear on pages 73 to 200 (inclusive) of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2020 and which can be found at https://www.statkraft.com/globalassets/1-statkraft-
public/05-investor-relations/4-reports-and-presentations/2020/q4/statkraft-as-annual-report-
2020.pdf) and the section titled “Alternative Performance Measures” (which appears on pages 210 
to 211 (inclusive) of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020); and  
(b) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Offering Circulars dated: 
(1) 
15 May 2015 (on pages 29 to 58 (inclusive)), which can be found at 
https://www.statkraft.com/globalassets/1-statkraft-public/05-investor-relations/6-
funding/emtn/icm-21874480-v1-statkraft_-_final_offering_circular.pdf 
(2) 
26 June 2014 (on pages 29 to 58 (inclusive)), which can be found at 
https://www.statkraft.com/globalassets/1-statkraft-public/05-investor-relations/6-
funding/emtn/icm-19835467-v1-statkraft_2014_-
_final_clean_offering_circular_for_final_submission.pdf  
(3) 
15 June 2006 (on pages 32 to 56 (inclusive)), which can be found at 
https://www.statkraft.com/globalassets/1-statkraft-public/05-investor-relations/6-
funding/emtn/statkraft-offering-circular-2006_tcm9-9500.pdf 
each prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the descriptions set out above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, registered 
form, without interest coupons attached or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form. 
Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and Registered Notes 
will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or otherwise in private transactions 
that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series of Registered Notes, the Registered Notes of 
each Tranche of such Series offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-
U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a Regulation S Global Note which 
will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, the Depositary Trust 
Company (DTC) for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. With respect to all offers 
or sales by a Dealer of an unsold allotment or subscription and in any case prior to expiry of the 
Distribution Compliance Period applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation 
S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person (save as 
otherwise provided in Condition 2) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer. Regulation S Global Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes 
only in the limited circumstances as more fully described in Condition 2. Terms used in this paragraph 
shall have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in 
private transactions: (i) to QIBs; or (ii) to Institutional Accredited Investors and who execute and deliver 
an IAI Investment Letter (as defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") in which they agree to 
purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Restricted Global Note 
which will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, 
under the circumstances described in Condition 2 to receive physical delivery of Definitive Registered 
Notes. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive 
form, registered in the name of the holder thereof. Such Definitive Registered Notes issued to 
Institutional Accredited Investors and any Restricted Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions 
on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal of the Registered Notes will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made 
to the persons shown on the Register at the close of business on the business day immediately prior to the 
relevant payment or delivery date. Payments of interest on Registered Notes will be made on the relevant 
payment date to the person in whose name such Notes are registered on the Record Date (as defined in 
Condition 6) immediately preceding such payment date. None of the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, 
any Paying Agent, the Exchange Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially represented by a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) without interest coupons or talons. If the Global 
Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), and if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in 
NGN form, the Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
agreed clearing system.  Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the 
applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility

--- Page 29 ---
29 
criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either (a) for interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same series without interest 
coupons or talons or (b) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same series with, where applicable, interest 
coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the second sentence of the immediately 
preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the 
United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a 
Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount 
due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Each exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note or definitive Bearer Notes, as the case may be, and each exchange of an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note for definitive Bearer Notes, shall be made outside the United States. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amount on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached (i) upon not less than 60 days' written notice being given to the Principal Paying Agent by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the 
Permanent Global Note; or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described therein. 
Exchange Event means (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no 
alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 8 which would not be 
required were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to 
such effect signed by two Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common depositary 
or the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their 
behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) or the 
Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after 
the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Tranches of Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 2005. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to

--- Page 30 ---
30 
form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be 
assigned (where applicable) a CUSIP number, a common code and/or an ISIN which are different from 
the CUSIP number, common code and/or ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until the end of the Distribution Compliance Period. At the end of the Distribution Compliance Period, 
the CUSIP number, common code and ISIN, as the case may be, thereafter applicable to the Notes of the 
relevant Series will be notified by the Principal Paying Agent to the relevant Dealer. 
All Notes, other than VPS Notes, will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a bearer global Note deposited with a common 
safekeeper or a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or so long as DTC or its 
nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or so long as a Note is a VPS Note, each 
person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC or the VPS, as the case may be, as entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or its nominee 
or the VPS as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be deemed to be the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than (in the case only of Notes not being VPS 
Notes) with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose such common 
depositary or common safekeeper or, as the case may be, DTC or its nominee shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
global Note and the Agency Agreement (and the expression Noteholder and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly). 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to exchange or transfer that 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in each case, to the extent applicable. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal 
title to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS. Issues of VPS Notes 
will be constituted by the Trust Deed. On the issue of such VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the 
Trustee, with copies sent to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the VPS Account Manager (the 
VPS Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of Final 
Terms attached thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter, including the applicable Final Terms, 
to the VPS and notification to the VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant 
Dealer, the account operator acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder 
with the VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in the VPS will take place two 
Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS 
Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS. 
The following legend will appear on all global Bearer Notes and definitive Bearer Notes (other than 
Temporary Global Notes), and on all interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Any reference in this section “Form of the Notes” to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC and/or the VPS shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be 
continuing.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA)). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID 
II][Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market 
approach. 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to UK MiFIR and 
if following the "ICMA 1" approach. 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]4 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the 
SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products)].]5 
[Date] 
STATKRAFT AS 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900TH4OAW7WYG1777 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Offering Circular dated 29 March 2021 which[, as modified by a supplement to the Offering Circular 
dated [    ],] constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation)/the Prospectus Regulation] (the Offering Circular). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular dated [    ] which are incorporated by reference in the 
Offering Circular dated 29 March 2021 and are attached hereto. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 29 March 2021 [and the supplement to it dated [    ],] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering 
Circular). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Statkraft AS 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[            ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[            ] 
(iii) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [     ] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about 
[     ]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[            ] 
                                                     
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
5  
Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[            ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[            ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[            ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [     ]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[            ]/[[€100,000] and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].] 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(in 
relation 
to 
calculation of interest for Notes in global 
form, see Conditions): 
[            ] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[            ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[           ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/ 
Floating rate – Interest Payment Date 
falling in [or nearest to] [    ]]  
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[        ] month LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR] [Compounded Daily SONIA] +/–
[      ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14] [15] [16] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early 
redemption, 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [99] [100] 
[101] per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but 
excluding) [   ] paragraph [14/15] applies and 
for the period from (and including) [   ], up 
to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [14/15] applies][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[see paragraph [18] [19] [20] [21] [22] 
below)] 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[           ]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year, commencing on [        ], 
up to and including the Maturity Date

--- Page 35 ---
35 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes in 
Definitive form (and in relation to Notes in 
global form, see Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in Definitive 
form (and in relation to Notes in global 
form, see Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[         ][subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(ii) below/ not subject to adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (ii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/][Not 
Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculation the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[         ][Not Applicable] (the Calculation 
Agent) 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR] [Compounded Daily SONIA] 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[         ] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
– 
Specified Time: 
[[     ] [London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo] 
time][Not Applicable] 
– 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[Five][specify 
other] 
London 
Banking 
Days][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting the Observation Look-
Back 
Period 
for 
Notes 
referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the practicalities 
of this period should be discussed with the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest. "p" should be no fewer than Five 
London Banking Days unless otherwise 
agreed with the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest in relation to the relevant 
issuance) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ]

--- Page 36 ---
36 
– 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
(viii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [      ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Floating Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts and late payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7(b): 
Minimum period:  [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable, as the Notes 
may only be redeemed in whole (but not in 
part)] 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Higher Redemption Amount: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
19. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
20. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Make-Whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption Date(s): 
[      ] 
(ii) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[[       ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[       ]]

--- Page 37 ---
37 
(iv) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[       ]] 
time/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Bond Rate Determination 
Date: 
[The [       ] Business Day preceding the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date/Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes 
may only be redeemed in whole (but not in 
part)] 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(vii) 
Notice periods (if other than as set 
out in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes): 
[      ] 
22. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on and 
after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 
days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
Regulation S Global Note ([currency] [          ] 
nominal amount)/Restricted Global Note 
([currency][          ] 
nominal 
amount)/ 
Definitive Registered Notes([        ]) 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book 
entry] 
(The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Permanent Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 
6(a) 
includes 
language 
substantially 
to 
the 
following 
effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of

--- Page 38 ---
38 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][    ] 
 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No.] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[    ] has been extracted from [    ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [    ], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Signed on behalf of Statkraft AS: 
By  ............................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 40 ---
40 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to 
trading 
on 
[Euronext 
Dublin’s][the 
Oslo 
Stock 
Exchange’s] 
regulated market [and listing on the Euronext 
Dublin Official List] with effect from 
[          ].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Dublin’s][the 
Oslo 
Stock 
Exchange’s] 
regulated market [and listing on the Euronext 
Dublin Official List] with effect from 
[          ].] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[          ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [    ] by [    ]. 
 
[[Each of][     ] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to [            ] (the 
[Managers/Dealers]), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has 
an interest material to the offer.  Manager[s]/Dealer[s]] and [its/their] affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.] 
 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
US ISIN Code: 
[          ] 
(iv) 
144A CUSIP: 
[          ] 
(v) 
Regulation S CINS: 
[          ] 
(vi) 
CFI: 
[[          ], as updated as set out on the website

--- Page 41 ---
41 
of the Association of National Number 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(vii) 
FISN: 
[[          ], as updated as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Number 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(viii) Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[    ]/Verdipapirsentralen, 
Norway. VPS identification number: [          ]. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain 
information from the register maintained by 
the VPS for the purposes of performing its 
obligations under the issue of VPS Notes] 
(ix) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(x) 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[          ][Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(xii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the 
Notes 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(xiii) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling 
restriction) 
(xiv) [Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/[No.  Whilst the designation is 
specified as "no" at the date of these Final 
Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper.  Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
6. 
U.S. SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
7. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Offering 
Circular / Give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the 
Offering Circular – if reasons for offer 
different from what is disclosed in the 
Offering Circular, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[    ]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to be issued by the Issuer which will be 
incorporated by reference into each global Note and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted 
by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue, but if not so permitted and agreed such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The following Terms and Conditions will, to the 
extent practicable and/or in the absence of any statement to the contrary, be applicable to each VPS Note. 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account 
made by the VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book 
entry system and register maintained by the VPS. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note, 
Regulation S Global Note, Restricted Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
“Applicable Final Terms” above for a description of the content of Final Terms which will include the 
definitions of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions or specify which of such terms are 
to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Statkraft AS (the Issuer) constituted by 
a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Trust Deed) dated 15 June 2006 made between the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the 
Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). References herein to the Notes shall be 
references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global 
Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Bearer Notes 
issued in exchange for a global Note, (iii) any global Note, (iv) in relation to any Notes represented by 
definitive Registered Notes, units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency, (v) any 
definitive Registered Notes, and (vi) Notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, 
the Verdipapirsentralen (VPS Notes and the VPS, respectively). References herein to NGN shall mean a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note in either case where the applicable Final Terms 
specify the Notes as being in NGN form. The Notes (other than the VPS Notes) and the Coupons (as 
defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement dated 29 March 2021 (as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) made between the Issuer, the 
Trustee, Citibank, N.A., as principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall 
include any successor principal paying agent) and as exchange agent (the Exchange Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor exchange agent) and as transfer agent (the Transfer Agent and, 
together with Citibank Europe plc, the Transfer Agents, which expressions shall include any successors 
in their capacity as such and any substitute or any additional transfer agents appointed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, as registrar (the Registrar, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar) and Citibank Europe plc as paying agent (together with 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include any successors in their capacity as such and any substitute or any additional paying 
agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement). Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created 
and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with the VPS. Danske Bank A/S, Verdipapirservice 
(the VPS Account Manager) will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VPS in respect 
of VPS Notes. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have 
interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more 
than 27 interest payments remaining talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference 
herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons or talons. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms, 
and which are (except in the case of VPS Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note, which complete 
these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References to the applicable Final Terms, unless 
otherwise stated, are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which (except in the 
case of VPS Notes) are attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the Noteholders, which 
expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, and in relation to VPS Notes, be 
construed as provided below), and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the 
provisions of the Trust Deed. Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean

--- Page 44 ---
44 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in 
whose name the Notes are registered in the register and shall, in relation to any VPS Notes or Notes 
represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. VPS Notes are in dematerialised form: any 
references in these Terms and Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VPS Notes and no 
global or definitive Notes will be issued in respect thereof. These Terms and Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the 
Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee, the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be). If the Notes are to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(Euronext Dublin) the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable 
to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail. 
In these Terms and Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes may be in bearer form (Bearer Notes), in registered form (Registered Notes) or, in the case of 
VPS Notes, in uncertificated book entry form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, in the case 
of definitive Notes, will be serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Save as provided 
in Condition 2, Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. VPS Notes may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially represented by a temporary global Note or a permanent 
global Note (as so specified in the applicable Final Terms) each without Coupons or Talons (each, a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note as applicable). If the Global Notes are intended to 
be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Temporary Global 
Note will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the 
Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg), and if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, the 
Temporary Global Note will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
agreed clearing system. On or after the fortieth day after the date of its issue beneficial interests in a 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable upon a request as described therein either for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Terms), in each case against certification to the effect that the beneficial owner of interests in such 
Temporary Global Notes is not a U.S. person or a person who has purchased for resale to any U.S. person, 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. A Permanent Global Note will, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part for definitive Bearer Notes with, 
where applicable Coupons and Talons attached either upon not less than 60 days’ written notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent as described therein or only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
specified therein. 
Bearer Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons and (if applicable) Talons attached, unless they 
are Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and 
Conditions are not applicable. 
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular series of Registered Notes, Registered Notes of 
each Tranche sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S (Regulation S) under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act) will, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be represented by a permanent global Registered Note, without Coupons or 
Talons, (each, a Regulation S Global Note), deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (DTC). Notes in definitive registered form (Definitive 
Registered Notes) issued in exchange for Regulation S Global Notes or otherwise sold or transferred in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act, together with the Regulation S Global Notes, are 
referred to herein as Regulation S Notes. With respect to all offers or sales of an unsold allotment or 
subscription and in any case prior to expiry of the period that ends 40 days after the later of the relevant 
Issue Date and completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes (the Distribution Compliance 
Period), beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person (save as otherwise provided in Condition 2) and may be held only 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. After expiry of such Distribution Compliance Period, 
beneficial interests in a Regulation S Note may be held through DTC directly by a participant in DTC or 
indirectly through a participant in DTC. 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold in private transactions in reliance upon Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act to qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act 
(QIBs) will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be represented by a permanent 
global Registered Note, without Coupons or Talons (each, a Restricted Global Note and, together with 
any Regulation S Global Note, the Registered Global Notes) deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. Notes in definitive form issued in exchange for Restricted 
Global Notes or otherwise sold or transferred in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act, together with the Restricted Global Notes, are referred to herein as Restricted Notes. 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) 
under the Securities Act) (Institutional Accredited Investors) pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities 
Act or in a transaction otherwise exempt from registration under the Securities Act who agree to 
purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof will be issued as 
Definitive Registered Notes only, registered in the name of the holder thereof and will not be represented 
by a global Note or Notes. 
Definitive Registered Notes issued to Institutional Accredited Investors and Restricted Global Notes 
shall bear a legend specifying certain restrictions on transfer (each, a Legend), such Notes being referred 
to herein as Legended Notes. Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon 
specific request for removal of a Legend, the Registrar shall (save as provided in Condition 2(d)) deliver 
only Legended Notes or refuse to remove such Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to 
the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are 
required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
Subject as otherwise provided in Condition 2, Definitive Registered Notes may be exchanged or 
transferred in whole or in part in the Specified Denominations for one or more Definitive Registered 
Notes of like aggregate nominal amount. 
Each Definitive Registered Note will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the register (the Register) which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar. 
Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms which, in the case 
of Registered Notes sold other than pursuant to Regulation S, shall be the Authorised Denomination (as

--- Page 46 ---
46 
defined below) and, in the case of Notes having a maturity of 183 days or less, the Specified 
Denomination shall be at least U.S.$500,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency or currencies). 
Authorised Denomination means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Restricted Note U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and higher integral multiples of U.S.$10,000, or the higher denomination or 
denominations specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Definitive Registered Note which is initially offered and sold to Institutional 
Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act or in a transaction otherwise 
exempt from registration under the Securities Act, U.S.$500,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and higher integral multiples of U.S.$1,000, or the higher 
denomination or denominations specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any minimum Authorised Denomination required by any law or directive or regulatory authority in 
respect of the currency of issue of any Note shall be such as applied on or prior to the date of issue of such 
Note. 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. Title to Registered Notes 
will pass upon registration of transfers in the register maintained by the Registrar. The Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and the Trustee may deem and treat 
the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and any person in whose name a Registered Note is registered as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or note of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. The holder of a VPS 
Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of the VPS. Title to the VPS 
Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at the VPS in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated 
by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
For so long as any of the Bearer Notes is represented by a bearer global Note held by a common 
safekeeper or a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each 
person (other than Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, any Transfer Agent and the Trustee as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Note shall be treated by the 
Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, any Transfer Agent and the Trustee as the 
holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note; for so long 
as any Note is a VPS Note, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of the VPS as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by the VPS as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, 
any Paying Agent, and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes; 
for so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Registered Global Note, DTC or its nominee, as the 
case may be, will be considered the sole holder of Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for 
all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in accordance with 
DTC’s published rules and procedures any ownership right may be exercised by its participants or 
beneficial owners through its participants; (and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly). In determining whether a particular person is entitled 
to a particular nominal amount of notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such certificate or other 
document as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or 
information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error or proven error, be conclusive and 
binding on all concerned. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or 
print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s Creation Online System) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the holder of a particular principal amount of Notes is clearly identified together with the amount 
of such holding. The Trustee shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not

--- Page 47 ---
47 
having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
Notes which are represented by a global Note and VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC and/or the 
VPS, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC and/or the VPS shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Exchange and Transfers of Registered Notes and VPS Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of interests in Registered Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes 
Interests in any Registered Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes, if (i) 
DTC notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Registered 
Global Note and no alternative clearing system is available, (ii) DTC ceases to be a Clearing 
Agency registered under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) 
and no alternative clearing system is available, (iii) either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces its intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so and no 
alternative clearing system is available, (iv) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has 
occurred and is continuing with respect to such Notes, or (v) the Issuer becomes subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes in definitive form. Upon the 
occurrence of any of the events described in the preceding sentence, the Issuer will cause the 
appropriate Definitive Registered Notes to be delivered, provided that, notwithstanding the above, 
no Definitive Registered Notes will be issued until expiry of the applicable Restricted Period. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any Registered Global Note shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global 
Note, in whole but not in part, to a nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s 
nominee. 
(c) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Note to a transferee in the United States will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which are 
available from the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor 
of the Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a 
person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable federal 
securities laws of the United States or any applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States 
or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (i) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global or 
definitive form and, in the case of (ii) above, such transferee may take delivery only through a 
Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period 
(a) beneficial interests in Regulation S Notes may be held through DTC directly by a participant in 
DTC or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (b) such certification requirements will no 
longer apply to such transfers. 
(d) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Note, upon receipt 
by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that 
such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, if such transfer is being 
made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the 
Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
(A) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(B) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to delivery to the 
Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is 
being made to an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed 
investment letter from the relevant transferee substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (an IAI Investment Letter); or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable federal 
securities laws of the United States or any applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States; 
and in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States 
or any other jurisdiction. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or outside 
the United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs or non-U.S. 
investors through DTC and the Registrar will arrange for any Notes which are the subject of such a 
transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global Note, where applicable. 
(e) 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between 
accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations of the VPS from time 
to time. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
only possible by using an account operator linked to the VPS. 
(f) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Holders of Definitive Registered Notes, other than Institutional Accredited Investors, may 
exchange such Definitive Registered Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note of the same 
type at any time. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will be transferable 
and exchangeable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered 
Global Note only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (the Applicable Procedures). 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Definitive 
Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms) by the holder or holders surrendering the Definitive Registered Note 
for registration of the transfer of the Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Definitive Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the 
form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or 
attorneys duly authorised in writing and upon the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent, after due and careful enquiry, being satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request and subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer 
and the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent may prescribe, including any

--- Page 49 ---
49 
restrictions imposed by the Issuer on transfers of Definitive Registered Notes originally sold to a 
U.S. person. Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with 
any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by mail to such address as the transferee may request, a new Definitive Registered 
Note of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of 
the Definitive Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive 
Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in respect of the balance of the Definitive 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the 
transferor) sent to the transferor. 
Exchanges or transfers by a holder of a Definitive Registered Note for an interest in, or to a person 
who takes delivery of such Note through, a Registered Global Note will be made no later than 30 
days after the receipt by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent of the 
Definitive Registered Note to be so exchanged or transferred and, if applicable, upon receipt by the 
Registrar of a written certification from the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7(c), the Issuer shall not be required: 
(a) 
to register the transfer of Registered Notes (or parts of Registered Notes) during the period 
beginning on the 15th day before the date of the partial redemption and ending on the date on 
which notice is given specifying the serial numbers of Notes called (in whole or in part) for 
redemption (both inclusive); or 
(b) 
to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
In the event of partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 7(c), the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
(h) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered during the period of 
15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest or payment on that Note. 
(i) 
Costs of exchange or registration 
Registration of transfers will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar 
or the relevant Transfer Agent, but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar 
or the relevant Transfer Agent may reasonably require) in respect of any tax or other governmental 
charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes and the relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to Condition 4) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank pari passu among themselves and (subject as 
aforesaid) rank and will in all material respects rank at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save as may be preferred by 
mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer undertakes 
not to create any security over its assets to secure any other Note Issues or permit any Note Issues 
issued by it to be secured by the creation of an encumbrance upon any assets of any of its 
subsidiaries, without at the same time according to the Notes, or causing to be accorded to the 
Notes, the same security (to the satisfaction of the Trustee) or such other security interest or other 
arrangement (whether or not including the giving of a security interest) as the Trustee shall in its 
absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders, except 
that the Issuer shall be entitled, if so required by one or more Norwegian municipalities who has an 
ownership interest in the relevant facility and/or its production output (Co-owners), to consent to

--- Page 50 ---
50 
the creation of or create itself, an encumbrance upon any of its power generating facilities (the 
Facilities) as security for a Note Issue by one or more such Co-owners where the maximum amount 
of the security created by the Co-owners over such Facility does not exceed the amount paid or 
payable by the Co-owners to the Issuer for such co-ownership of the Facility. 
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, Note Issue shall mean an issue of debt securities which is, or is 
intended to be, or is capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the- 
counter or other securities market. 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes, as applicable;  
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
(C) 
in the case of Fixed Rates Notes which are VPS Notes; each Specified Denomination; 
and in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.  
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, 
as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes which are 
Registered Notes in definitive form; the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which 
are Bearer Notes in definitive form; or each Specified Denomination in the case of VPS Notes) 
shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form 
is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denominations without any further rounding. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period divided by the product of 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of; 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 
one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
A Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Terms and 
Conditions, Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than 
an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to interest payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is New Zealand dollars shall be Auckland) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. In these 
Conditions, TARGET2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal 
Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as 
defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes and published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is not Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 53 ---
53 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the 
London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter bank offered rate 
(EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate (STIBOR) or the Norwegian 
inter-bank offered rate (NIBOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at the Specified 
Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by, in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes where no 
Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Principal Paying 
Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or Notes other than VPS Notes where a Calculation 
Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent (pursuant to the 
terms of a calculation agency agreement between the Calculation Agent and the Issuer). 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(1) 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(2) 
above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time 
specified in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer (in the case of Notes other than VPS 
Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes and Notes other than VPS Notes where a 
Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms), shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable (the Relevant Agent) with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Relevant Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Relevant Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Relevant Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Relevant Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, 
as communicated to (at the request of itself or the Issuer, as applicable) the Relevant 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading 
banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Stockholm 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Relevant Agent with 
such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at 
which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Relevant Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-

--- Page 54 ---
54 
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(A) 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal 
London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case 
of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of 
STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm 
inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal 
Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes where no 
Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes or Notes other than VPS Notes, 
where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(B) 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of a determination 
of LIBOR, Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or 
Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time, in the case of a determination of NIBOR). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Period will, subject to Condition 5(b)(viii) and as provided 
below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Period plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any). 
As used in these Conditions, Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the 
Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Period (with the daily SONIA 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by, in the 
case of Notes other than VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes and 
Notes other than VPS Notes where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, as applicable, as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
d
n
SONIA
o
d
i
i
pLBD
 - i
365
1
365
1
1
×








−





+
∏
=
×
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
i is, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing a London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
ni, for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become payable;  
p means the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is so specified, five London Banking Days);  
SONIA reference rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day (LBDx), 
a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) 
rate for such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such LBDx; 
and 
SONIAi-pLBD means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day 
"i". 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines that the 
applicable SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and 
has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then (unless 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has been notified 
of any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (and any related Adjustment 
Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 5(b)(viii), if 
applicable) the SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall 
be: (A)(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, the close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads) or (B) if the Bank Rate under (A)(i) above is not 
available at the relevant time, either (i) the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA reference rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) or (ii) if this is more recent, the latest rate determined under 
(A) above. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall (subject to Condition 5(b)(viii)) be: 
(x) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case 
may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin,

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or  
(y) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first 
scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable 
to the first scheduled Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, the final Rate 
of Interest shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the previous 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due 
and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long 
as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(c) and the Trust 
Deed. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are not VPS Notes and 
where no Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the Calculation 
Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes or Notes other than VPS 
Notes where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will at or as 
soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes by applying the Rate of 
interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) 
the Floating Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes, 
as applicable;  
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(C) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, each Specified 
Denomination; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Floating Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denominations without any further rounding. 
Floating Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Interest Period:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365” (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Floating Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
Y
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Floating Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
Y
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Floating Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
Y
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.  
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by, 
in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or Notes 
other than VPS Notes where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
(A) 
Except where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded Daily SONIA, in the case of Notes other 
the VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or Notes other than VPS Notes 
where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee 
and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS and the VPS Account Manager 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the first day of 
the Interest Period to which they apply and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount

--- Page 59 ---
59 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in London. 
(B) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded Daily SONIA, in the case of 
Notes other than VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or 
Notes other than VPS Notes where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and, in the case of VPS Notes, the 
VPS and the VPS Account Manager, and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the second London Banking Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will 
promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b), whether by the Principal Paying Agent, the Independent Adviser (as defined 
below) or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the 
other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default 
and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Independent Adviser or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b), if a Benchmark Event (as 
defined below) has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate at any time when any Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine, no later than 10 
days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date), a Successor Rate (as defined 
below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as defined below), and in either case an Adjustment Spread (as defined below), for 
the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(B) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance paragraph (A) above, such Successor Rate or, failing 
which, such Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread, shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future 
Interest Periods for which the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component thereof)

--- Page 60 ---
60 
was otherwise to be determined by reference to the relevant Reference Rate (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(b)(viii)); 
(C) 
if the Independent Adviser determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, 
the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, may also specify 
changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Floating Day Count 
Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Specified Time, Business Day Convention, Business 
Day, Interest Determination Date, Reference Banks, Additional Business Centre 
and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and/or the method 
for determining the fallback to the Reference Rate in relation to the Notes, in each 
case in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. The Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread (as defined below) (which may be expressed as a 
specified spread or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero)) which shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and Principal 
Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager shall, at the 
direction and expense of the Issuer, without the requirement for any consent or 
approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to use its reasonable 
endeavours to effect such amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions, as applicable, as may be specified by the Independent Adviser 
following consultation with the Issuer in order to give effect to this Condition 
5(b)(viii)(C) (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) provided that 
neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the 
VPS Account Manager, shall be required to effect any such Benchmark 
Amendments if the same would impose, in the Trustee's, the Principal Paying 
Agent's or, as the case may be, the VPS Account Manager’s opinion, more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities 
or reduce, or amend its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with 
effecting the Benchmark Amendments or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer or the Trustee 
(if required). 
Prior to any such Benchmark Amendments taking effect, the Issuer shall provide a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories to the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager that such 
Benchmark Amendments are, in the Issuer's reasonable opinion (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser), necessary to give effect to any 
application of this Condition 5(b)(viii)(C) and the Trustee and the Principal Paying 
Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate without further enquiry or liability to any person and without 
any obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy thereof. For the avoidance of 
doubt, each of the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes, the VPS Account Manager shall not be liable to the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any other person for so acting or relying on such certificate, 
irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of any such person. Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Condition 5(b), if in the Principal Paying Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s, as 
applicable, opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses 
of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(b), the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt. If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is not 
promptly provided with such direction, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall be under no

--- Page 61 ---
61 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability 
to any party for not doing so; 
(D) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, Adjustment Spread 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments give notice thereof to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account 
Manager and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders; and 
(E) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, Adjustment 
Spread is not determined by an Independent Adviser in accordance with the above 
provisions prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of 
Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions set out in Condition 5(b)(ii)(B); for the 
avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances the Rate of Interest for any subsequent 
Interest Periods shall be subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(b)(viii). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(viii): 
Adjustment Spread means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(y) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which in either case is to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which:  
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body (as defined below); or 
(2) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(3) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (1) nor (2) above applies, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) in its discretion determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component thereof) in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and with an 
interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines in its 
sole discretion is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b)(viii)(C);   
Benchmark Event means, with respect to a Reference Rate:  
(1) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or be administered; or 
(2) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(2)(A); or 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(4) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Reference Rate that such Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (4)(A); or 
(5) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Reference Rate that means such Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (5)(A);  
(6) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the VPS Account 
Manager, any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using such Reference 
Rate; or  
(7) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Reference Rate announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a 
successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue 
to accrue as provided in the Trust Deed. 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial

--- Page 63 ---
63 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Auckland); and 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Paying Agents are 
subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes) should be presented 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for 
this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if 
later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no 
event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured 
Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any bearer global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant bearer global Note (against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such bearer global Note if the bearer global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form at the specified office of any Paying Agent). A record of 
each payment made against presentation or surrender of such bearer global Note, distinguishing

--- Page 64 ---
64 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such bearer global 
Note by such Paying Agent to which it was presented (or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as applicable) and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal (if any) prior to the final instalment) in 
respect of Registered Notes (whether in definitive or global form) will be made in the manner 
specified in paragraph (a) to the persons in whose name such Notes are registered at the close of 
business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in 
the city where the Registrar is located) immediately prior to the relevant payment date against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only of any sum due, endorsement) of 
such Registered Notes at the specified office of the Registrar or any Paying Agent. 
Payments of interest due on a Registered Note (whether in definitive or global form) and payments 
of instalments of principal (if any) due on a Registered Note (other than the final instalment) will be 
made in the manner specified in paragraph (a) to the person in whose name such Registered Note is 
registered (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or DTC as applicable) are open for business 
before the relevant due date and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the 
fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which banks are open for business in the city where the Registrar is located) (the Record Date)) 
prior to such due date. In the case of payments by cheque, cheques will be mailed to the holder (or 
the first named of joint holders) at such holder’s registered address on the business day (as described 
above) immediately preceding the due date. 
If payment in respect of any Registered Notes is required by transfer as referred to in paragraph (a) 
above, application for such payment must be made by the holder to the Registrar not later than the 
relevant Record Date. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in 
respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by 
transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on 
behalf of DTC or its nominee for payment in such Specified Currency or conversion into U.S. 
dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
(e) 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes will be made to the Noteholders shown 
in the records of the VPS in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to 
time governing the VPS. 
(f) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by 
the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of any Bearer 
Note is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest will be made 
at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(g) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is New Zealand dollars shall be Auckland), or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in 
respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial 
banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
(h) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts other than interest which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7(g), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if

--- Page 66 ---
66 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent (or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Trustee and the VPS Account Manager) 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the 
Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Norway or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee (i) and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager, (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent Kingdom of Norway accountants or 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to accept the certificate (without further enquiry or liability to any person and without any 
obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of 
the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph (g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the 
Trustee and to the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of a redemption of VPS Notes) the 
Trustee and the VPS Account Manager; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a Higher 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, and in 
accordance with the rules of the VPS, in the case of VPS Notes, in each case not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted 
during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for

--- Page 67 ---
67 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
 not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the 
Trustee and to the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of a redemption of VPS Notes) the 
Trustee and the VPS Account Manager; 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Make-
Whole Redemption Date)), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Make-Whole 
Redemption Date and at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date. If redemption in 
part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of 
a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will be selected individually by 
lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, and in accordance with 
the rules of the VPS, in the case of VPS Notes, in each case on a Selection Date not more than 30 
days prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date. No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the 
Selection Date to (and including) the Make-Whole Redemption Date pursuant to this paragraph (d) 
and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 at least 15 days prior to the Selection Date. 
In this Condition 7(d), Make-Whole Redemption Amount means (A) the outstanding principal 
amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to 
be redeemed (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of 
redemption) discounted to the Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Reference 
Bond Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having a 
maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes; 
Determination Agent means an independent investment, merchant or commercial bank or 
financial institution selected by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Determination 
Agent advises the Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security specified 
is not appropriate for such purpose, such other central bank or government security as the 
Determination Agent may, with the advice of Reference Market Makers, determine to be 
appropriate;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the average of three Reference Market Maker Quotations for the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market 
Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than three, but more than one, 
such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one 
such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market Maker 
Quotation so obtained; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the rate per 
annum equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for 
the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference 
Bond Price for such Make-Whole Redemption Date. The Reference Bond Rate will be calculated 
on the Reference Bond Rate Determination Day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and 
any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the 
bid and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) quoted in writing to the Determination Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on the Reference Bond Rate Determination Day specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
Reference Market Makers means three brokers or market makers of securities such as the 
Reference Bond selected by the Determination Agent or such other three persons operating in the 
market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Determination Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer. 
(e) 
Issuer Residual Call 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any 
time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Series issued, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 and not more than 
60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(e), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee, to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders, a certificate 
signed by an Authorised Signatory of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate (without further enquiry or liability to any 
person and without any obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (other than a Change of Control Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum period and 
not more than the maximum period of notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, deliver at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an 
address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the 
Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. Holders of Notes represented by a Global Note

--- Page 69 ---
69 
or in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC must 
exercise the right to require redemption of their Notes by giving notice (including all information 
required in the applicable Put Notice) through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the DTC, 
as the case may be (which notice may be in electronic form) in accordance with their standard 
procedures. 
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, the holder 
of the VPS Notes, must, within the notice period, give notice to the relevant account operator of 
such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and the Trustee 
has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10, in which event such holder, 
at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
Change of Control Put 
If Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, this Condition 7(f)(ii) shall 
apply. 
(A) 
If at any time while any Note remains outstanding: 
(1) 
a Change of Control occurs; and 
(2) 
within the Change of Control Period (x) if the Notes are rated with the agreement of the 
Issuer, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs, or (y) if the 
Notes are not rated, a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs 
(in either case, a Put Event), 
the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes (i) under Condition 7(b) 
or (ii) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 7(f)(i)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at 
the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) (as defined below) at its principal amount together with (or, where 
purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put). 
(B) 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time: 
(1) 
any person or group of persons acting in concert acquires control of at least 50 per cent. 
of the issued share capital of the Issuer; and 
(2) 
the Kingdom of Norway controls (either directly or indirectly) less than 50.1 per cent. of 
the issued share capital of the Issuer. 
(C) 
For the purpose of this Condition 7(f)(ii): 
acting in concert means acting together for the purpose of exercising joint control over the 
Issuer; 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the earlier of (a) the date of 
the relevant Change of Control and (b) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of 
Control Announcement (if any) and ending 180 days after the public announcement of the 
Change of Control having occurred; 
control means the power to direct the management and policies of the Issuer through the 
ownership of voting capital; 
Investment Grade Rating means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of 
S&P or a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Fitch or the 
equivalent rating in the case of any other Rating Agency; 
a Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not within the 
Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all reasonable endeavours to obtain from a 
Rating Agency, a rating or (ii) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the 
expiry of the Change of Control Period and as a result of such Change of Control obtained an 
Investment Grade Rating, provided that the Rating Agency publicly announces or publicly

--- Page 70 ---
70 
confirms in writing that its declining to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result of 
the applicable Change of Control; 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) means the date which is the seventh day after the last day of 
the Put Period; 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and Fitch Ratings 
Limited (Fitch) or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer; 
a Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if 
within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Notes by any Rating 
Agency at the invitation of the Issuer is (x) withdrawn and not subsequently reinstated within 
the Change of Control Period, (y) changed from an Investment Grade Rating to a non 
Investment Grade Rating (for example, from BBB- to BB+ by S&P or Fitch, or its equivalents 
for the time being, or worse) and not subsequently upgraded to an Investment Grade Rating 
within the Change of Control Period or (z) (if the rating assigned to the Notes by any Rating 
Agency at the invitation of the Issuer shall be below an Investment Grade Rating) lowered one 
full rating category (for example, from BB+ to BB by S&P or Fitch or such similar lower or 
equivalent rating) and not subsequently upgraded within the Change of Control Period, 
provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating 
shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating 
Agency making the change in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply does not 
publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result of the applicable 
Change of Control; and 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement means any formal public 
announcement or statement by or on behalf of the Issuer or any actual or potential bidder 
or any advisor thereto relating to any potential Change of Control where, within 180 days of 
the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
(D) 
If a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall within 21 days of the end of the Change of Control 
Period give notice (a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition 7(f)(ii). 
(E) 
To exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under 
this Condition 7(f)(ii) the holder of that Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held 
outside Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, deliver at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within 
the period (the Put Period) of 30 days after a Put Event Notice is given, a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Option Notice) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 7(f)(ii) accompanied by this Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Option Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption 
or, as the case may be, purchase of this Note under this Condition 7(f)(ii), the holder of this 
Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to a Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case 
may be) (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common safekeeper or common depositary for them or DTC or its 
nominee to such Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as applicable, from time to time. 
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of a Note under this Condition 7(f)(ii), the holder of the VPS Note must, within the 
Put Period, give notice to the relevant account operator of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of the VPS from time to time.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
The Paying Agent to which such Note and Put Option Notice are delivered or the Principal 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, will issue to the holder concerned a non-transferable receipt 
(a Put Option Receipt) in respect of the Note so delivered or, in the case of a Global Note or 
Note in definitive form held through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, or a VPS 
Note, notice received. The Issuer shall redeem or at the option of the Issuer purchase (or 
procure the purchase of) the Notes in respect of which Put Option Receipts have been issued 
on the Optional Redemption Date (Put), unless previously redeemed and purchased. 
Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank 
account in the Put Option Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) by transfer to that bank account and in every other case on or after 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put), in each case against presentation and surrender or (as 
the case may be) endorsement of such Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(f)(ii). 
(F) 
If 95 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
or purchased pursuant to this Condition 7(f)(ii), the Issuer may, having given not less than 
30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, such notice to be given 
within 30 days after the Optional Redemption Date (Put), redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at 
their principal amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) 
interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption or purchase (as the case may 
be). The notice referred to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption or purchase (as the case may be) (which shall not be more than 
60 days after the date of the notice). Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer will redeem, 
purchase or procure the purchase of the Notes (as the case may be). 
(G) 
Any Put Option Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or the VPS given by a holder of any Note 
pursuant to this Condition 7(f)(ii) shall be irrevocable except where prior to the due date of 
redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to 
be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10, in which event such holder, at its option, may 
elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 10, the Notes will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the 
Final Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(
)y
AY
1
RP
Amount
 
Redemption
Early 
+
×
=
 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is a fraction of the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360 or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be

--- Page 72 ---
72 
360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).  
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer, (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation or in the case of VPS Notes, cancelled by causing such VPS Notes to 
be deleted from the records of the VPS. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the 
Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (h) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of 
VPS Notes, shall be deleted from the records of the VPS, and in each case cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
paragraph (g)(iii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the 
date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
8. 
Taxation 
8.1 
Taxation provisions applicable to Notes other than VPS Notes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes (other than VPS Notes) and Coupons 
and under the Trust Deed by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of 
Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes 
(other than VPS Notes) or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes (other than VPS Notes) or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note 
(other than a VPS Note) or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable for 
such taxes or duties in respect of such Note (other than a VPS Note) or Coupon by reason of 
his having some connection with the Kingdom of Norway other than the mere holding of 
such Note (other than a VPS Note) or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(g)).

--- Page 73 ---
73 
As used herein Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Trustee or, in the case of VPS Notes, the holders of the VPS Notes, as the case may be, 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having 
been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
8.2 
Taxation provisions applicable to VPS Notes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes under the Trust Deed by the 
Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the 
net amounts received by the holders of VPS Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the VPS Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any VPS Note in respect of a holder who is 
liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such VPS Notes by reason of his having some connection 
with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such VPS Notes. 
As used herein Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) 
therefor, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(b). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b). 
10. 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall 
(subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), (but in the 
case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs (b) to (d) (other than the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer) and (e) to (f) inclusive below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to 
the Issuer that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give 
notice in writing to the Issuer that each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due 
and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust 
Deed if any of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal due in respect of the 
Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 7 days or if default is made in the 
payment of any interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a 
period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions of the 
Notes or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the Trustee, the failure is 
incapable of remedy when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer 
of notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
(c) 
if any other indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary becomes 
due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) or the Issuer 
or any Principal Subsidiary fails to make any payment in respect of any other indebtedness for 
borrowed money on the due date for payment as extended by any originally applicable grace period 
or any security given by the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary for any other indebtedness for 
borrowed money becomes enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation 
to any other indebtedness for borrowed money of any other person, provided that no event shall

--- Page 74 ---
74 
constitute an Event of Default unless the indebtedness for borrowed money or other relative 
liability either alone or when aggregated with other indebtedness for borrowed money and/or other 
liabilities relative to all (if any) other events which shall have occurred and be at the relevant time 
outstanding shall amount to at least U.S.$30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution 
of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary save for the purposes of a reorganisation on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or 
substantially the whole of its business, save for the purposes of a reorganisation on terms previously 
approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution or the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to or admits inability to pay its debts 
(or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made 
for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in relation to 
the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes 
possession of the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in 
force against the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case 
(other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 60 days; or if the Issuer or 
any Principal Subsidiary initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement 
with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a 
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors). 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer 
as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not 
be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the 
Coupons unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing 
by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be 
continuing. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
Principal Subsidiary means, at any time, a subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose gross operating revenues (consolidated in the case of a subsidiary which itself has 
subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a subsidiary which itself has 
subsidiaries) represent in each case (or, in the case of a subsidiary acquired after the end of the 
financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated gross operating 
revenues of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited 
accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such subsidiary and the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, provided that, in the case of a 
subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then 
latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the purposes of the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition 
is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such 
first-mentioned accounts as if such subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its 
then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, provided 
that the transferor subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary 
and the transferee subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph 
(b) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the financial 
period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that 
such transferor subsidiary or such transferee subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any 
time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as 
aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by 
virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or assets 
of the transferee subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee subsidiary being acquired 
after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries relate, generate gross operating revenues equal to) not less than 10 per 
cent. of the consolidated gross operating revenues of the Issuer, or represent (or, in the case 
aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided 
that the transferor subsidiary (if a Principal Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to 
be a Principal Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets 
generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate gross operating revenues equal to) not less than 10 per 
cent. of the consolidated gross operating revenues of the Issuer, or its assets represent (or, in the 
case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and 
the transferee subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) 
on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the financial 
period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such 
transferor subsidiary or such transferee subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time 
after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by 
virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any 
other applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer that in their opinion a subsidiary of the Issuer is or is 
not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary may 
be relied upon by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons) or of 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer 
may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, Exchange Agent, Paying and Transfer Agents and VPS Account 
Manager 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the other initial Paying Agents, the initial Exchange 
Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Transfer Agents and their initial specified offices are set 
out below. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such 
Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent, Exchange Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent, VPS Account Manager 
or Calculation Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents, Registrars, Exchange Agents or

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Transfer Agents, VPS Account Managers or Calculation Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any of the same acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent and, if appropriate, a Registrar and Transfer 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Transfer Agent having a specified office in New York City; 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. 
dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a 
specified office in New York City; 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; and 
(v) 
in the case of VPS Notes, there will at all times be a VPS Account Manager authorised to act as an 
account operating institution with the VPS and one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms 
and Conditions of the relevant VPS Notes so require. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 6(f). Notice of any variation, 
termination, appointment or change in the Paying Agent will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in 
certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying 
agent. 
13. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date, as appropriate, on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the 
final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Bearer Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if a notice is published in 
accordance with the second paragraph below and a notice is sent by first class mail or (if posted to an 
overseas address) by air mail to them at their respective addresses as recorded in the Registrar and will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the fourth day after the date of such mailing. 
All notices regarding the Notes (other than VPS Notes) shall be published (i) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and/or admitted to trading by any other relevant authority, in a manner which 
complies with the rules of such exchange and/or other relevant authority. It is expected that such 
publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the date of the first publication in each such newspaper or where published in such newspapers on 
different dates, the last date of such first publication. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a 
notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the 
Trustee shall approve. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as the global Note(s) is or are held 
in its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, be substituted for 
sending by mail and/or publication as aforesaid the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as and Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will 
be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes (other than VPS Notes) shall be in writing and given by 
lodging the same, together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, 
with the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
In the case of VPS Notes, notices shall be given in accordance with the procedures of the VPS. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Holders of Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and 
shall be convened by the Issuer if requested by Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the 
rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or 
Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than three quarters in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than one third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes 
cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders, or (iii) 
consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory 
to the Trustee) by or on behalf of all the Noteholders shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders 
shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all and 
Couponholders.  
(b) 
Holders of VPS Notes 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the VPS Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding a certificate (dated no earlier than 14 
days prior to the meeting) from either the VPS or the VPS Account Manager stating that the holder is 
entered into the records of the VPS as a Noteholder or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the VPS Notes for the time being outstanding and providing an undertaking that no transfers or 
dealing have taken place or will take place in the relevant VPS Notes until the conclusion of the meeting, 
or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the VPS Notes or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the VPS Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount 
of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than three 
quarters in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one third in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at

--- Page 78 ---
78 
a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less 
than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of 
all the Noteholders, or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of all the Noteholders shall, in each case, 
be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any 
meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting. 
For the purposes of a meeting of Noteholders, the person named in the certificate from the VPS or the 
VPS Account Manager described above shall be treated as the holder of the VPS Notes specified in such 
certificate provided that he has given an undertaking not to transfer the VPS Notes so specified (prior to 
the close of the meeting) and the Trustee shall be entitled to assume that any such undertaking is validly 
given, shall not enquire as to its validity and enforceability, shall not be obliged to enforce any such 
undertaking and shall be entitled to rely on the same. 
(c) 
Modification and Waiver 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any modification of, 
or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or 
the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is 
not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may 
agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or to correct a manifest error or an error which in the opinion of the Trustee is proven. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee otherwise 
requires, shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5(b) without the 
requirement for the consent and approval of Noteholders or Couponholders.  
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests 
arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders whatever their number) 
and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor 
shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other 
person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 and/or 
any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust 
Deed. 
16. 
Indemnification of the Trustee and Trustee Contracting with the Issuer 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to enter 
into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders 
of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries, (b) 
to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to 
any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or 
consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any 
profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which

--- Page 79 ---
79 
interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
19. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons and all rights and duties of the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Issuer and the Paying Agents are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, the laws of England. VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian 
Securities Register Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time to time, implementing 
Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are 
subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and 
legislation. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Without prejudice to Condition 19(c), the courts of England shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to 
hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings (including any proceedings relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed or the Notes), and to 
settle any disputes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Trust Deed or the Notes), which may arise out of or in connection with the 
Trust Deed or the Notes (respectively Proceedings and Disputes). 
(c) 
Other jurisdiction 
Condition 19(b) is for the exclusive benefit of the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
who, to the extent permitted by law, reserve the right to take Proceedings in the courts of any 
country other than England which may have or claim jurisdiction to the matter and to commence 
such Proceedings in the courts of any such country or countries concurrently with or in addition to 
Proceedings in England or without commencing Proceedings in England. 
(d) 
Appropriate forum 
The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of 
England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any 
Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
(e) 
Process agent 
The Issuer agrees that the process by which any Proceedings in England are begun may be served 
on it by being delivered to the office of Statkraft UK Limited, which at the date hereof is at 19th 
Floor, 22 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4BQ. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively 
appointed to accept service of process on the Issuer’s behalf, the Issuer shall, on the written demand 
of the Trustee addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer, appoint a further person in 
England approved by the Trustee to accept service of process on its behalf. Nothing in this 
paragraph shall affect the right of the Trustee or any Noteholder to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
(f) 
Waiver of immunity 
To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its respective assets or 
revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment 
or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) 
may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its respective assets or revenues, the Issuer 
agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of 
such jurisdiction.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Introduction 
Statkraft AS (Statkraft) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Statkraft Group or the Group) is a leading 
company in hydropower internationally. The Group generate hydropower, wind power, solar power, gas 
power and district heating and is a global player in energy market operations. 
The Statkraft Group is the second largest producer of electricity in the Nordic region and one of Europe’s 
largest producer of renewable energy. Outside Europe, activities are concentrated in South America and 
South Asia. Statkraft’s power plants have a total installed capacity of 20 GW (based on Statkraft’s pro-rata 
share of direct and indirect ownership of such power plants, including those power plants operated by 
partly-owned subsidiaries). Hydropower is the dominant source (approximately 80 per cent. of total 
capacity), followed by natural gas and wind power. Most of the capacity is located in Norway. Statkraft 
also owns shares in district heating facilities in Norway and Sweden, with a total installed capacity of 0.8 
GW (pro rata share). 
Statkraft is a limited liability company, wholly owned by the Kingdom of Norway represented by the 
Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries through the holding company Statkraft SF. 
In the Annual Report 2020 the Group reported an underlying EBIT of NOK 6.7 billion, a decrease of 60 
per cent. from 2019. The decrease was mainly driven by very low Nordic power prices. Profit before tax 
was NOK 5 billion in 2020, with a net profit of NOK 3.5 billion. 
Statkraft's power generation reached 65.4 TWh, up 7 per cent. from 2019. The average system price on the 
Nordic Power Exchange, Nord Pool, was 10.9 EUR/MWh in 2020, a decrease of 72 per cent. year-on-
year. 
At the end of 2020, the Group’s equity was NOK 98 billion, corresponding to 54 per cent. of total assets. 
At the end of 2020, the Group’s net interest-bearing debt ratio was 21.8 per cent. At year-end 2020, cash 
and cash equivalents amounted to NOK 11.2 billion. 
Statkraft is registered in the Register of Business Enterprises, Brønnøysund Register Center. Statkraft 
was incorporated on 25 June 2004 with organisation number 987 059 699. The Head Office address of 
Statkraft is: 
Lilleakerveien 6 
0283 Oslo 
Norway 
 
Telephone number: +47 24 06 70 00 
Statkraft history 
Historically, the business of the Group was carried out through a business unit within a governmental 
directorate; the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate. Until 1991, there were few 
commercially operated private companies in the Norwegian electricity sector, which was highly regulated. 
In 1991, the Energy Act dated 29 June 1990, no. 50 was introduced, which divided the electricity sector 
into two separate areas; distribution grid infrastructure, with monopoly control, and electricity production 
and sales, which became fully deregulated. Through the new legislation, a well- functioning domestic – 
and later Nordic – market for power production and trading was established, giving a framework for a 
more flexible and efficient utilisation of Norway’s hydropower resources. 
In order to comply with the new legislation, the business of the former Statkraft was split into two 
separate companies in 1992, with the state-owned enterprise Statkraft SF assuming responsibility for 
generation and sales. The distribution grid operations were organised in the state-owned enterprise 
Statnett SF. Through the establishment of Statkraft SF, the Norwegian Government founded a company 
with the aim and potential to successfully compete both in the Norwegian and the international electricity 
markets, with an ambition to further develop and strengthen this important part of Norwegian 
infrastructure. 
Statkraft SF was later reorganised by way of transferring substantially all of the business, assets and 
liabilities to the Group on 1 October 2004, thus making Statkraft the operating holding company and the 
financial vehicle of the Group. The Group continues the business activities previously organised under

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Statkraft SF. All shares in Statkraft are owned by the state-owned enterprise Statkraft SF, which in turn is 
owned by the Norwegian state through the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries. 
Statkraft’s business has evolved through several stages since 1992. The very first years were characterised 
by low investment activity and a high focus on market orientation. From 1996 to 2002 the company 
accomplished a considerable expansion through acquiring stakes in several Norwegian utilities in addition 
to a large stake in the Swedish utility Sydkraft AB (currently E.ON Sverige AB). At the same time, the 
arbitrage and trading business was expanded through the establishment of companies in Holland, 
Germany and Sweden. From 2003 the Group sold out certain Norwegian ownership stakes, 
while acquiring hydropower generation assets in Sweden and Finland, and constructing wind power 
generation in Norway and gas-fired generation plants in Norway and Germany. Through an asset swap 
with E.ON in 2008, Statkraft acquired ownership of a significant portfolio of generation assets in Sweden, 
Germany and the UK.  
In the following years large investment activities were carried out according to Statkraft’s strategy for 
continued growth within renewable energy. The majority of the investments were concentrated on the 
strategic areas; European flexible generation, hydropower in emerging markets and wind power. In 2010, 
Statkraft’s owner, Statkraft SF, injected NOK 14 billion in new equity to provide support for the 
company’s growth strategy. A further equity strengthening came in 2014 with an injection of NOK 5 
billion. 
In the period from 2014 to 2016, several wind farms in Sweden and the UK together with hydropower 
plants in Peru, Turkey and Albania were completed, as well as hydropower and district heating projects in 
Norway. Statkraft also acquired controlling ownership interests in two companies in Brazil and Chile, 
respectively. Statkraft freed up capital for investments within renewable energy through sale of Finnish 
hydropower production, Norwegian small-scale hydropower production and reduced shares in wind farms 
in the UK. Statkraft strengthened its international position through the restructuring of international 
hydropower activities and operational integration of the enterprises in South America and South Asia. In 
Norway, Statkraft, together with TrønderEnergi and the European investor consortium Nordic Wind 
Power, has started the construction of a 1000 MW onshore wind power project in Central Norway. 
In 2017 Statkraft and Norfund swapped shares in their jointly owned assets. Statkraft bought Norfund’s 
18.1 per cent. shareholding in Statkraft IH Invest and sold its 50 per cent. shareholding in SN Power to 
Norfund, with a gain of NOK 2.1 billion. The gain included a deferred gain from an earlier restructuring 
and currency effects. 
In 2018, Statkraft completed its exit from offshore wind in line with its strategy. Overall, the investments 
in offshore wind demonstrated high value creation with gains from the sale of the assets and the 
contribution from the holding period totalling approximately NOK 10.7 billion. Fjordkraft was also listed 
on the Oslo Stock Exchange in 2018 through an Initial Public Offering (IPO), valuing the company at 
NOK 3.2 billion. The IPO resulted in a recognised gain for Statkraft Group of NOK 1.7 billion. Statkraft 
also divested its 49 per cent. shareholding in Istad to Tussa Kraft, with a gain of NOK 168 million. 
After a consolidation period, where Statkraft’s project activity level was scaled down for a couple of years 
and it went through a corporate-wide performance improvement programme to strengthen competitiveness 
by improving performance and reducing costs, Statkraft entered a new growth phase set out in an updated 
strategy in 2018. As part of this strategy, Statkraft has made several acquisitions. In 2018, Statkraft 
acquired eight operational hydropower plants in Brazil with a total installed capacity of 132 MW, and in 
India, Statkraft acquired the 100 MW Tidong hydropower project in Himachal Pradesh. Statkraft also 
acquired the Irish and UK wind power development business of the Element Power Group, including a 
1550 MW onshore wind development portfolio in Ireland and the UK. This transaction positions Statkraft 
as a large onshore wind developer in Ireland. 
In 2019, Statkraft acquired wind projects in Chile (with a total installed capacity of 102 MW) and Brazil 
(with a total installed capacity of 664 MW) and solar projects in Ireland (with a total installed capacity of 
326 MW), completed the construction of two wind farms in Norway (with a total installed capacity of 382 
MW), completed the construction of a wind farm (with a total installed capacity of 23 MW) and battery 
project in Ireland, acquired a project development company within wind power in the UK and acquired 
shares in electric vehicle charging companies in Norway and Germany. 
In 2020, the Fosen wind projects in Norway were finalised. The six wind farms have an installed capacity 
of more than 1,000 MW and will generate 3.6 GWh renewable energy annually. The Moglicë hydropower 
plant in Albania also came into full operation in 2020. Statkraft also acquired the global solar developer 
SolarCentury and several onshore wind projects in Europe.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
The European electricity market 
Statkraft’s revenues are significantly driven by the spot prices on the Nordic power exchange Nord Pool, 
European Energy Exchange (EEX) in Germany and other European power exchanges. The prices are 
strongly impacted by fuel prices, CO2 allowance prices, energy demand from the industry and households, 
hydrological balance, precipitation, temperature and transmission capacity. 
Risk management 
Statkraft is exposed to risks throughout the value chain. The most important risks are related to market 
prices, financial risk, health, safety, security and environment (HSSE), construction projects and operating 
activities as well as framework conditions. Growth and an increased international presence, as well as 
fundamental changes in the energy sector emphasise the importance of risk management. 
Risk management is an integrated part of Statkraft’s governance model. The Group has a risk-based 
approach to target setting, prioritisations and follow-up of the business and staff areas. The day to day risk 
management is a line responsibility of each business area. The Group's overall risks are reviewed and 
followed up by the Corporate Management Team and are reported to the Board of Directors. Statkraft 
performs a detailed quality assessment prior to investments, sales and acquisitions. 
One of Statkraft’s main priorities throughout the Covid-19 pandemic has been, and will be going forwards, 
the safety and well-being of its employees and contractors and the Group has taken actions to reduce the 
spread of the virus in line with advice from national health authorities. Delivering a reliable supply of 
power and heat to society has been another main priority. 
The Covid-19 pandemic has caused a global economic decline, and this has had an impact on the power 
and renewables industry. The direct financial effect for Statkraft has so far been limited, but the market 
risk has increased due to the economic downturn and increased uncertainty related to future power prices. 
The credit risk towards customers has also increased as the pandemic entails increased risk for breach and 
cancellation of contracts.  
The magnitude of the effects on Statkraft’s financial statements going forward will depend largely on the 
economic downturn in relevant regions, and Statkraft is closely monitoring the development of the 
pandemic and is evaluating the longer-term consequences for the Group.  
On the non-financial side, the main effect for Statkraft has been extensive use of remote working 
arrangements and taking measures to ensure the health and safety of those that need to be on-site or at 
offices around the world.  
 
Statkraft’s pandemic response strategy has evolved around the following priorities: 
• 
Preventing virus spread and protecting employees in line with national plans 
• 
Maintaining and managing processes critical for society (such as production, heating and water 
management) 
 
Specific pandemic response actions include: 
• 
Appropriate communication to employees 
• 
Establishing and maintaining policy and guidance for travel and events 
• 
Establishing and maintaining policy for home office working 
• 
Expat handling 
• 
Business continuity verification 
• 
Pandemic scenarios and strategic implications 
• 
Common planning assumptions  
• 
Surveys to understand employees’ situations 
• 
Task force on health and wellbeing 
• 
Support for home office equipment 
• 
Return-to-office plans 
• 
Establishing lessons learned from handling Covid-19 
 Operational risk 
All processes throughout the value chain are exposed to operational risk. The operational risk is highest 
within implementation of the Group’s investment projects, operation and maintenance activities and 
market operations. This may result in: 
• 
Injury to employees, contractors or third parties

--- Page 84 ---
84 
• 
Harm to the environment 
• 
Compliance breaches 
• 
Damage and losses related to own and third-party production plants and other assets  
• 
Weakened reputation 
• 
Financial loss 
Statkraft's first priority is to avoid injuries, act in a sustainable, ethical and socially responsible manner 
and to be compliant with legal requirements where Statkraft operates. Statkraft focuses its attention on 
executing development activities and operations in a responsible manner and to prevent financial loss. A 
solid business culture is the foundation of continuously improving a robust system of prevention and 
control. Ensuring that business development activities are in accordance with international standards is a 
high priority.  
Operational risk is managed through procedures and controls of activities and processes, by design of 
technical solutions, competence development and in various types of contingency plans. Furthermore, 
Statkraft has a comprehensive system for registering and reporting risks, hazardous conditions, undesirable 
incidents, damages, and injuries. Such cases are continuously analysed in order to prevent and limit any 
negative consequences, and to ensure that Statkraft can follow up causes and implement the necessary 
measures. 
Large and complex construction projects in emerging markets have a higher inherent safety risk, and 
Statkraft has experienced serious accidents in connection with the execution of activities with an increased 
potential for risk. Systematic work to continually improve HSSE culture, capabilities and performance 
based on care, clear requirements and effective systems and tools is fundamental to enable continuous 
improvement.  
Statkraft’s infrastructure and applications are exposed to cybercrime and other external threats and 
Statkraft’s procedures, competencies and systems are continuously improved to strengthen resilience 
against such threats. Several measures have been put in place in order to reduce the heightened risk 
following the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic (see “Description of the Group—Risk Management” 
above). 
Statkraft carries out systematic risk assessments for all of its construction projects. Larger investments are 
allocated a risk-based project contingency and reserve. Major attention is devoted to HSSE, ensuring 
compliance, and avoiding delays, cost overruns and undesirable incidents, during project delivery. The 
Covid-19 pandemic has led to some reprioritisations and suspensions in Statkraft’s project portfolio (see 
“Risk Factors—Natural and other disasters” and “Description of the Group—Risk Management” above). 
The possible financial consequences of the total operational risk, as well as significant individual risks, are 
key drivers to the Group's overall risk profile. Statkraft has insurance coverage for all significant cases of 
operational damages or injuries, partly through the Group’s own captive insurance company Statkraft 
Forsikring AS. 
Market risk 
Statkraft is exposed to significant market risk in power generation and trading: 
•  Both power prices and generation volumes are impacted by weather conditions, consumption and 
transmission conditions in the energy markets. 
•  Power prices are also affected by fuel prices such as gas, coal and oil, in addition to the price of 
carbon emission quotas, support schemes, demand growth and the introduction and development of 
new technologies. 
The impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the economic outlook in the markets in which Statkraft operates, 
and how this has impacted power prices in such markets, are assessed by Statkraft through the development 
of different pricing scenarios and updating of power price forecasts. 
Statkraft manages market risk in the energy markets by trading physical and financial instruments in 
multiple markets, as well as entering bilateral long-term power contracts. Increased integration of the 
energy markets is having a significant impact on business models and risk management. Consequently, 
Statkraft places significant emphasis on identifying the relationships between the various markets. The 
Group's hedging strategies are regulated by defined limits on the positions’ volume and value, and by 
criteria for evaluating new contracts against expected revenues and downside risk. The portfolio is 
constantly adjusted in relation to updated expectations of future prices and Statkraft’s own generation 
capacity.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Statkraft's activities in energy trading and services consist of both trading with standard products on energy 
exchanges and sale of services or products adapted to the individual customer. Risk is handled through 
mandates covering energy products, geographical areas and duration. A risk management function ensures 
objectivity in the assessment and handling of risk. 
Financial risk 
Financial risk associated with foreign currencies, interest rates, liquidity and funding are coordinated and 
managed centrally at Group level. 
Currency and interest rate risk are regulated by means of mandates and managed by using hedging 
instruments such as forward contracts, swaps and debt in foreign currency. 
The objective of Statkraft’s currency hedging is to secure the Norwegian kroner value of future cash flows 
exposed to foreign exchange risk. Hedging of foreign currency risk is primarily done by allocating 
appropriate volumes of foreign currency debt and derivatives to the relevant cash flows. The foreign 
exchange risk is subject to continuous assessment and treated in accordance with the Group Treasury 
strategy. The Group is exposed to currency risk through operational cash flow in foreign currency and 
investments, capital expenditures and divestments in foreign currencies. 
Statkraft’s interest rate exposure is related to its debt portfolio and managed based on a balance between 
keeping interest costs low over time and contributing to the stability of the Group’s cash flows. 
The liquidity risk for Statkraft is related to having insufficient funds to meet the Group’s financial 
commitments in a timely manner. The liquidity risk is managed through cash flow forecasting, committed 
credit facilities, access to several funding sources/markets, ensuring an evenly distributed debt maturity 
profile and maintaining a sufficient liquidity buffer. 
Statkraft is exposed to credit and counterparty risk through energy trading, long-term contracts and 
investment of surplus liquidity. The credit quality of all counterparties is evaluated before contracts are 
signed, and exposure vis-à-vis individual counterparties are limited by mandates based on their credit 
quality. Credit and counterparty risk in the energy markets and exposure in connection with the issued 
mandates, are followed up by independent middle-office functions and regularly reported to management in 
the relevant business area. A summary is reported annually to the Corporate Management Team and the 
Board of Directors. 
Climate risk 
Statkraft is directly impacted by climate change, as the average output of renewable power plants can 
change with changes in climate and the probability of extreme weather events that challenge the physical 
integrity of power plants will increase. Statkraft is also exposed to market changes that are driven by 
political measures to reduce emissions from the power sector and other industrial sectors. This exposure 
comes primarily from measures that impact power prices and thus Statkraft’s income streams. Subsidies 
for renewable capacity may lead to overcapacity and lower power prices, while increased cost of 
emissions will lead to higher power prices. Direct measures to phase out fossil fuels will also have a price 
impact, as the market balance will be changed. There is also risk associated with Statkraft’s own 
emissions, as regulations may increase the cost of these emissions. Finally, changes in customer 
preferences driven by increased public awareness of the climate challenge can also impact Statkraft. 
Regulatory and country risk 
Statkraft's activities in Norway are influenced by framework conditions such as taxes, fees, terms for 
concession, grid regulations and requirements stipulated by the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy 
Directorate (NVE). Statkraft puts substantial efforts into the understanding of environmental regulations 
and climate change. The risk of flexibility loss due to stricter regulations for hydropower generation, the 
cumulative effect for the Norwegian society and value of flood-damping capabilities are being analysed. 
In addition, there are general terms and conditions stipulated for the energy industry that must be adhered 
to. These framework conditions may affect Statkraft's generation, costs and revenues. 
The framework conditions in the individual countries in Europe are the result of international processes 
that will be important for Norwegian and other European power plants. With its international presence, 
Statkraft is also directly exposed to different national framework conditions, tax levels, licence terms and 
public regulations. Statkraft therefore emphasises the uncertainty in the future development of these 
factors when making investment decisions. Possible changes in the political landscape are considered and 
maintaining an open dialogue with decision-makers in relevant arenas is of a high priority. Statkraft is 
following the European Union’s regulatory classification system for defining sustainable finance (the EU

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Taxonomy). The EU Taxonomy aspires to be an important framework for classifying sustainable 
activities. A classification system for sustainable activities through the EU Taxonomy is important in 
order to prioritise low-carbon investments in a transparent and fair manner. 
Statkraft is exposed to significant country risk, especially in emerging markets. A common risk 
assessment process has been implemented across its business areas to ensure a comprehensive and 
proactive management of business risk in these countries. The risk assessment of the activity in each 
country covers political and regulatory aspects, social development, security, compliance, tax regime and 
corporate legislation. The exposure to corruption risk is high in several of these countries. Statkraft has 
developed standards and implemented a system to ensure compliance in all activities and has zero 
tolerance for corruption. 
Strategy 
 
Market development 
2020 has been an atypical year, with the Covid-19 pandemic causing a global economic decline. Nordic 
power prices also dropped significantly due to a mild and unusually wet winter in the Nordics. 
Nevertheless, even though the pandemic has caused disruption in the short-term, the long-term macro 
trends are still valid.  For example, 2020 has not dampened the rapid deployment of renewable energy. 
Renewable energy was the only energy source that experienced growth in production throughout 2020, 
and the utility sector has been one of the most resilient sectors so far.  
Large volumes of renewable energy are being developed, which increases the need for flexible 
generation. 
Customers are taking a stronger interest in renewable energy and the access to cheap and clean energy 
makes electrification the most effective solution to the climate challenge. 
Statkraft’s corporate strategy aims to respond to these developments. 
Statkraft’s competitive position 
Statkraft has a solid foundation for further growth. From being a supplier of hydropower to Norwegian 
industry and general consumption, Statkraft has become Europe’s largest producer of renewable energy 
and has a growing presence in other international markets. Statkraft’s key competitive advantages emerge 
from its understanding of the market, its industrial competence in development and ownership of power 
generating assets and the ability to use these strengths across the value chain. 
Responsible and long-term asset owner 
Statkraft’s hydropower portfolio in the Nordics constitutes Europe’s largest reservoir capacity. The fleet 
has a long life expectancy, very low CO2 emissions and a high degree of flexibility, which enables 
optimisation of power generation based on market needs. Statkraft’s strong competence in optimising 
profitability with an integrated energy management, as well as operation and maintenance processes, 
makes Statkraft an excellent owner of flexible hydropower. 
Operation and Maintenance (O&M) 
Statkraft’s long-term ownership of its hydropower portfolio has resulted in strong technical competence in 
operation and maintenance of hydropower assets across several regions. This competence is also 
applicable for wind power. Statkraft leverages its strengths within asset management and continuous 
improvement to maintain and increase competitiveness in O&M for hydro, wind and solar power. 
Energy management 
Through Statkraft’s asset ownership, it has built a deep market understanding. This has created leading 
energy management capabilities with analytical expertise across markets. Statkraft is able to create value 
by bringing together complex systems of own and third-party renewable assets and managing any 
associated risks. Statkraft provides market access services for third parties where Statkraft manages the 
generation of an asset for a customer. Statkraft is the market leader for this service in Germany, Europe’s 
largest electricity market, and is one of the largest providers in Europe with growing portfolios across 
several other European markets. 
Development of large-scale renewable assets 
Statkraft’s industrial competence is built through a history of successful development of large-scale 
renewable assets, particularly hydropower, but also by significant growth in wind power. The key 
differentiating factor for Statkraft in the solar and wind space, beyond being cost competitive, is

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Statkraft’s ability to develop projects and to secure the route to market, i.e. how the project sells the 
energy in the most optimal way. 
Market and customer relationship 
For decades, Statkraft has had a close relationship with Norwegian power intensive industries that has 
provided it with experience in dealing with customers, particularly business customers. This has been 
further developed in the power origination business, in district heating and in the market access business 
(where Statkraft deals with smaller energy producers). Statkraft has strong product and service innovation 
capabilities to develop new, often complex, products to meet and create customer demand. 
Trading 
Statkraft has used its market understanding to develop a highly competitive trading business. Trading is a 
competitive advantage stemming from an analytical based approach that leverages on Statkraft’s internal 
fundamental market analysis. This is supported by an effective trading operating model and a culture 
balancing a systematic approach to risk management with positioning within clear mandates.  
A market-centric approach 
Statkraft utilises a market centric approach. Statkraft seeks to find the best solutions and products in each 
market, based on market needs and customer demands. 
Statkraft focuses on building scale in the countries where it already has presence, i.e. the Nordics, Europe, 
South America and India, and will own, develop, acquire and operate renewable assets. To further 
strengthen the position in each market, Statkraft will expand its market activities and offer products and 
services to other power producers and large consumers. 
The rapid changes in the energy markets necessitate some flexibility in the targets and opportunities 
pursued. Statkraft continuously monitors the market and technology development to identify business risks 
and opportunities. 
Strategic priorities 
Optimise and expand hydropower  
The need for flexibility in the energy market increases and provides a unique starting point for a flexible 
hydropower generator with market expertise. Statkraft will therefore aim to optimise and expand its strong 
hydropower portfolio.  
The Group’s Nordic portfolio is a unique and important source of flexible and stable power generation. 
Given the age of the Nordic hydropower fleet, Statkraft will continue with reinvestments to retain its 
competitiveness and optimise profitability. Annual reinvestments of around NOK 2 billion are expected 
for the Group’s Norwegian and Swedish hydropower portfolio in the coming years. Statkraft will also 
focus on optimising, improving and protecting the value of its hydropower assets outside the Nordics. A 
significant share of the generation from Nordic hydropower plants is hedged with long-term power 
purchase agreements (PPAs) with customers. Statkraft will continue to enter into new long-term power 
purchase contracts. In addition to bilateral physical contracts, Statkraft has a financial risk reduction 
portfolio that enters into financial contracts, normally forwards and futures, in order to hedge prices on a 
certain volume of future spot sales. 
Before 2022, 80 per cent. of Statkraft’s hydropower generation portfolio in Norway will be due for 
revision of the concession terms, with the new, revised concession terms likely to target improved 
environmental conditions. This may cause reduced generation and flexibility, decrease flood control 
ability and reduced profitability of the Group’s Norwegian portfolio. Statkraft’s response is to engage with 
involved stakeholders to find solutions which balance environmental and societal needs with profitability. 
Statkraft will seek profitable growth in hydropower through acquisitions or swaps that fit well with the rest 
of Statkraft’s portfolio. The two projects Los Lagos in Chile and Tidong in India, which are currently 
under construction, are examples of this strategy.  
In Europe, gas-fired power will continue to be important to provide the flexibility needed and Statkraft 
will own and operate its existing gas-fired power fleet, while all further growth will be in renewable 
energy. 
Ramp up wind and solar development 
Solar and onshore wind power have become the technologies with the lowest cost, and large growth is 
expected within these technologies in all countries in which Statkraft operates. Statkraft has a strong 
starting point with a good track record within wind development and strong competence in securing 
different types of revenue streams. Statkraft also has some experience within solar power, and through the

--- Page 88 ---
88 
acquisition of the solar developer Solarcentury, the solar projects pipeline and Statkraft’s competence in 
solar power has been further strengthened. The acquisition added 6 GW of additional projects to 
Statkraft’s development pipeline, the majority in countries where Statkraft is already present, for example 
Spain, the Netherlands, Italy and Chile. 
Statkraft will ramp up as a wind and solar asset developer, targeting a developed portfolio of 6 GW of 
onshore wind and 2 GW of solar power by 2025. Statkraft will take on a developer role and will decide to 
keep or divest assets after completion based on market conditions.  
Over the last two years, Statkraft has built solid competence and a significant pipeline of greenfield wind 
and solar projects across its markets, both through acquisitions and organic development. Going forward 
the focus is on realising the pipeline. Statkraft will seek to secure revenue streams through auctions and 
PPAs. The recent success in the renewable auctions in Ireland and Brazil, where Statkraft was awarded 
with contracts for projects comprising more than 700 MW in total, are examples of successful project 
development. Statkraft has also entered into agreements to divest wind projects under construction upon 
completion, for example Twentyshilling and Windy Rig, two wind projects in Scotland. Twentyshilling 
Wind Farm consists of 9 wind turbines with a total installed capacity of 38 MW. Windy Rig Wind Farm 
totals 12 wind turbines with an installed capacity of 43 MW. Furthermore, Statkraft has ambitions to 
develop battery and grid stability services as additions to its wind and solar parks.  The Kilathmoy hybrid 
wind-and-battery park (11 MW battery with 23 MW of onshore wind) in Ireland is an example of this. 
In January 2021, Statkraft signed a cooperation agreement with Aker Offshore Wind  and Aker 
Horizons to explore the opportunity for an offshore wind project at Sørlige Nordsjø II (the Norwegian 
continental shelf). Statkraft wishes to take a role in the development of offshore wind in Norway, and sees 
this project as an opportunity to use its existing competencies (wind development, market knowledge and 
O&M experience) to further expand renewable energy generation in the Nordic market. 
Grow customer business 
Energy markets are becoming increasingly complex and customers are taking a stronger interest in 
renewable energy. Statkraft’s customer business is founded on market leading energy management and 
hedging of revenues from its own assets. Statkraft supplies industrial and commercial consumers with 
power from own- and third-party assets, matching their individual needs, managing their risk profile and 
helping them become carbon-neutral. Statkraft’s ambition is to become a leading provider of market 
solutions for renewable energy. 
Within market operations, Statkraft will further strengthen its industry leading role in PPAs, market access 
solutions and trading. Statkraft aims to grow its customer business by expanding products and services and 
ramp up market solutions for Statkraft’s assets, external power producers and its customers. In 2020, 
Statkraft has entered into a substantial number of power purchase agreements with several large 
customers, including Daimler and Bosch in Europe, as well as a range of power purchase agreements in 
South America.  
District heating based on renewable energy can contribute to the decarbonisation of heating and cooling in 
Europe. Statkraft’s district heating business amounts to an annual production of around 1 TWh of heating 
and is well-positioned with good profitability. Statkraft will continue to strengthen its core business and 
implement new growth initiatives, aiming to be among the top three most profitable and customer-oriented 
players in Norway and Sweden.  
Develop new business 
Norway and Europe are early movers in electrification and other ways to reduce carbon emissions outside 
the power sector. This gives Statkraft testing ground and learnings on new business opportunities. From 
these, Statkraft aims to create new profitable growth opportunities with international potential. 
Currently, the main initiatives are to: 
• 
Develop the Mer EV-charging business into a North-European market leader with attractive services 
for fast- and slow-charging along roads and at destinations, such as offices, apartments and homes, in 
addition to exploring adjacent energy services. 
• 
Develop attractive sites for data centres and other power-intensive industries in Norway and provide 
them with wider energy management services.  
• 
Develop biodiesel production from wood residue feedstock through a joint venture with Södra. A pilot 
biodiesel production plant is currently under construction, with completion planned during 2021.  
• 
Produce hydrogen from water electrolysis for use in industry and transport. Statkraft is working on 
several initiatives, including partnerships with Mo Industripark and Celsa.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Moreover, Statkraft is continuously screening new opportunities where its existing capabilities and 
portfolios can give a competitive advantage. 
Statkraft’s ambition for 2025 
Statkraft aspires to be one of the world’s leading renewables companies in 2025, with sustainable, ethical 
and safe operations. The aim is to be: 
• 
The largest hydropower company in Europe and a significant player in South America and India. 
• 
A major wind and solar developer with 8 GW developed capacity. 
• 
A leading provider of market solutions for renewable energy. 
• 
One of the top three most profitable and customer-oriented district heating players in Norway and 
Sweden. 
• 
A developer of 1-2 new commercial and green business areas. 
Investments  
Statkraft has an ambitious growth strategy within renewable energy. Statkraft manages its exposure to the 
Nordic markets actively through several strategies. This ranges from owning multi-year storage 
hydropower reservoirs, actively pursuing the Group’s hedging strategy and working to improve regulatory 
conditions for hydropower producers. Nevertheless, the severe drop in Nordic power prices has negatively 
impacted cash flows in 2020, resulting in reduced investment capacity in the short term. Statkraft is 
managing this through the prioritisation of the portfolio and is planning annual investments of about NOK 
10 billion in renewable energy by 2025, while maintaining the Issuer’s current credit rating. The pace and 
total amount of investments in the strategic period will depend on market opportunities and market 
development and investments will be adapted to Statkraft’s financial capacity and rating target.  
About one third of the net investments up to 2023 are planned to take place in the Nordics, and one third is 
planned to take place in the rest of Europe. Of the gross investments, the European share is even higher, as 
divesting developed wind and solar projects in this region will recycle significant amounts of capital. 
There will also be substantial growth in other markets where Statkraft is already present, like South 
America and India. 
The investment programme will be financed through retained earnings from existing and future operations, 
external financing and divestments of completed solar and wind projects to financial investors. The 
investment programme has a large degree of flexibility and will be adapted to Statkraft’s financial 
capacity, rating target and market opportunities. 
Strategic targets 
The Board of Directors has set financial and non-financial targets for the Group. The main targets are 
listed in the table below. The performance related to several of the targets will be assessed over a longer 
time horizon. The main targets and the status at the end of 2020 are listed in the table below. 
 
AMBITION 
TARGET 
STATUS IN 
2020 
HSSE and sustainability 
Prevent incidents and be committed to a workplace without injury or 
harm 
Zero serious injuries 
7 
Prevent corruption and unethical practices in all activities 
Zero serious compliance incidents 
0 
Deliver climate-friendly, renewable power and taking responsible 
environmental measures 
Zero serious environmental incidents 
0 
Financial performance 
Deliver a solid return on capital 
>7% ROACE 
5.7% 
Value creation in ongoing business 
Efficient management of energy resources in the Nordic hydropower 
fleet 
>3.5% higher realised prices than the average spot 
price in the market 
5.0% 
Growth

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Grow capacity in renewable energy (hydro-, wind- and solar power) 
9 GW growth by 2025 
2.2 GW 
Organisational enablers 
Improve diversity in background, competence and gender across the 
company 
Long-term target of 40% women in top management 
positions 
29% 
 
HSSE and sustainability 
There were three fatal accidents in 2020. The fatal accidents have been investigated according to 
Statkraft’s procedures and all safety measures have been followed up. There were also four other serious 
injuries in 2020. Statkraft’s target is for no serious injuries to occur, so Statkraft is not satisfied with the 
status of this ambition in 2020. Strengthening the safety culture and performance across the organisation 
and among contractors is a top priority for Statkraft, and is a significant priority across the organisation. 
Statkraft has zero tolerance for corruption and unethical practices in all activities, and there were zero 
serious compliance incidents in 2020. 
Assessing environmental risks is part of Statkraft’s daily risk management procedures and practices and 
there were no serious environmental incidents in 2020. 
Financial performance 
Statkraft aims to deliver a solid return on capital employed. At the end of 2020, the return of average 
capital employed (ROACE) was 5.7 per cent. This was below Statkraft’s target, but still considered 
satisfactory considering the very low Nordic power prices. 
Value creation in ongoing business 
With Europe’s largest portfolio of flexible hydropower plants and reservoir capacity, Statkraft is well 
positioned to achieve a higher average price for generation from the Nordic hydropower fleet than the 
average Nordic spot price. In 2020, Statkraft’s realised prices were 5 per cent. higher than the average spot 
price in the Nordics. 
Growth 
Statkraft has a growth target of 9 GW by 2025. At the end of 2020 Statkraft has taken final investment 
decisions for 2.2 GW, up from 1.4 GW at the end of 2019. The increase relates primarily to onshore wind 
projects, with the 0.5 GW Ventos de Santa Eugenia wind farm in Brazil representing the largest share of 
the increase. 
Organisational enablers 
Statkraft aims for a diverse workforce and has a long-term ambition of having at least 40 per cent. women 
in top management positions. At the end of 2020 the share was 29 per cent., up from 28 per cent. at the 
end of 2019. The 40 per cent. target was reached for Statkraft’s corporate management in 2020. 
Segments  
Statkraft is organised into four business areas and two corporate staff areas. The business areas are 
Production and industrial ownership, International power, European wind and solar, and Markets and IT. 
The staff areas are Corporate staff and Chief financial officer. All business areas and staff areas are headed 
by an Executive Vice President. The Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice Presidents form the 
Corporate Management.  
The Group’s reportable segments are organised in accordance with how the Chief Executive Officer 
makes, follows up and evaluates his decisions. The operating segments have been identified on the basis of 
internal management information that is periodically reviewed by the Corporate Management Team and 
used as a basis for resource allocation and key performance review.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
The reportable segments are defined as European flexible generation, Market operations, International 
power, European wind and solar, District heating and Industrial ownership. In addition, the Group reports 
Other activities and Group items. Other activities include cost related to governance of the Group, new 
business within biomass and electric vehicle charging as well as venture capital investments. Unallocated 
assets are also reported as Other activities. Group items include eliminations. 
 
 
11 401 
4 304 
2 314 
659 
488 
1 975 
- 181 
-2 000
 -
 2 000
 4 000
 6 000
 8 000
 10 000
 12 000
European
flexible
generation
Market
operations
International
power
European
wind and
solar
District
heating
Industrial
ownership
Other
activities and
group items
Net operating revenues and other income
(NOK mill.)
4 995 
2 527 
405 
- 793 
17 
382 
- 863 
-2 000
-1 000
 -
 1 000
 2 000
 3 000
 4 000
 5 000
 6 000
European
flexible
generation
Market
operations
International
power
European
wind and
solar
District
heating
Industrial
ownership
Other
activities and
group items
EBIT
(NOK mill.)
 
 
14 299 
1 312 
1 907 
1 360 
138
715
0
2 000
4 000
6 000
8 000
10 000
12 000
14 000
16 000
European flexible
generation
International
power
European wind and
solar
Industrial
ownership
District heating
Installed capacity
(MW)
Power generation
Heating production
50.4 
4.7 
3.9 
6.4 
0.1
0.9
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
45
50
European flexible
generation
International power European wind and
solar
Industrial
ownership
District heating
Power generation/heating production
(TWh)
Power generation
Heating production

--- Page 92 ---
92 
KEY FIGURES SEGMENTS 
(for the financial year ended 31 December 2020) 
Segments
NOK million
2020
Gross operating revenues and other income, external
 38 060
 14 085
 17 911
 2 878
 313
 684
 2 087
 363
 -261
Gross operating revenues and other income, internal
 -
 257
 69
 24
 454
 2
 33
 1 231
 -2 070
Gross operating revenues and other income underlying
 38 060
 14 342
 17 980
 2 902
 767
 686
 2 120
 1 594
 -2 331
Net operating revenues and other income underlying
 20 960
 11 401
 4 304
 2 314
 659
 488
 1 975
 1 574
 -1 754
Operating profit/loss (EBIT) underlying
 6 670
 4 995
 2 527
 405
 -793
 17
 382
 -685
 -178
Unrealised value changes from embedded euro derivatives
 339
 339
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
Gains/losses from divestments of business activities
 119
 -
 -
 119
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
Impairments/reversal of impairments
 -1 379
 1 708
 -
 45
 -3 126
 -6
 -
 -
 -
Operating profit/loss (EBIT) IFRS
 5 749
 7 041
 2 527
 569
 -3 919
 10
 382
 -685
 -178
Share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments
 835
 16
 1
 -539
 8
 -
 1 472
 -123
 -
Assets and capital employed 31.12.20
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
 116 170
 61 446
 156
 23 387
 9 168
 3 559
 16 752
 1 704
 -
Equity accounted investments
 13 492
 -
 -
 2 247
 839
 -
 10 297
 135
 -26
Loans to equity accounted investments
 1 442
 -
 -
 962
 439
 -
 41
 -
 -
Inventory - work in progress and development projects
 2 483
 -
 -
 -
 2 483
 -
 -
 -
 -
Other assets
 47 669
 2 520
 16 193
 2 039
 711
 223
 1 279
 24 606
 97
Total assets
 181 257
 63 966
 16 349
 28 635
 13 641
 3 782
 28 369
 26 445
 71
Capital employed
 118 653
 61 446
 156
 23 387
 11 651
 3 559
 16 752
 1 704
 -
Average capital employed (rolling 12 months)
 117 531
 60 495
 175
 25 649
 9 505
 3 524
 16 477
n/a
n/a
Return on average capital employed (ROACE)
5,7%
8,3%
n/a
1,6%
-8,3%
0,5%
2,3%
n/a
n/a
Return on average equity accounted investment (ROAE)
6,3%
n/a
n/a
-19,8%
0,9%
n/a
15,4%
n/a
n/a
Depreciations, amortisations and impairments
 -5 445
 -235
 -34
 -794
 -3 478
 -193
 -503
 -207
 -
Maintenance and other investments
 3 027
 1 695
 13
 179
 297
 13
 626
 206
 -
Investments in new capacity
 4 516
 185
 -
 1 064
 2 676
 203
 388
 -
 -
Investments in shareholdings
 2 357
 -
 -
 43
 1 850
 -
 -
 465
 -
Total investments
 9 901
 1 880
 13
 1 286
 4 822
 215
 1 014
 671
 -
Statkraft   
AS Group
District 
heating
Industrial 
ownership
Other 
activities
Group  
items
European 
flexible 
generation
Market 
operations
Inter- 
national 
power
European 
wind and 
solar 
 
European flexible generation 
European flexible generation includes most of the Group’s hydropower business in Norway, Sweden, 
Germany and the United Kingdom, as well as gas-fired power plants in Germany, the subsea cable Baltic 
Cable and the biomass power plants in Germany. 
European flexible generation is the largest segment in the Group, measured in terms of installed capacity, 
assets, net operating revenues and results. The assets are mainly flexible, with most of the capacity related 
to hydropower in Norway and Sweden. 
Most of the segment’s revenues stem from sales in the spot market and from long-term contracts. The 
segment also delivers concessionary power. The long-term contracts have a stabilising effect on the 
Group’s revenues and profit. 
Business model 
European flexible generation owns and operates the Group’s portfolio of flexible assets in Europe. Multi-
year reservoirs in Norway and the flexibility of its power plants enable optimisation of power generation 
based on the hydrological situation and power prices. In addition, the optimisation balances availability, 
reinvestments and maintenance costs for the Group’s assets. 
Important events in 2020 
• 
Statkraft entered into two 15-year prepaid power sales agreements for the period 2020-2035. The 
agreement resulted in Statkraft receiving NOK 4.7 billion in prepayments. 
• 
Statkraft entered into a new long-term power contract with Glencore Nikkelverk for the period 
2021-2029 with a total volume of 0.8 TWh. 
• 
Changes in the market outlook led to reversals of previous year’s impairments of NOK 1.7 billion, 
mainly related to German gas-fired power plants.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Financial performance  
Key figures 
NOK mill. 
2020 
2019 
Gross operating revenues and other income 
14 342 
20 525 
Net operating revenues and other income 
11 401 
17 184 
Operating expenses 
-6 407 
-5 780 
Operating profit (EBIT) underlying 
4 995 
11 404 
Unrealised value changes from embedded EUR derivatives 
339 
42 
Gains/losses from divestments of business activities 
  -  
  -  
Impairments/reversal of impairments 
1 708 
1 035 
Operating profit (EBIT) IFRS 
7 041 
12 482 
Share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments 
16 
  -  
ROACE (%) 
8.3 
20.0 
ROAE (%) 
n/a 
n/a 
Maintenance investments and other investments 
1 695 
1 532 
Investments in new capacity 
185 
194 
Investments in shareholdings 
  -  
  -  
Generation (TWh) 
50.4 
48.7 
 
The decrease in the segment’s net operating revenues and other income was mainly due to significantly 
lower Nordic power prices, partly offset by improved contribution from the segment’s risk reducing 
portfolios and higher generation. 
The segment’s operating expenses increased primarily due to higher depreciations driven by the reversal 
of impairments in historic financial periods; higher property taxes in Norway; and currency effects due to 
a weaker NOK. In addition, there was a positive effect from pension scheme changes in Norway in 2019. 
The segment’s lower underlying EBIT was reflected in a lower ROACE. The average capital employed by 
the European flexible generation segment increased 6 per cent. year-on-year. 
The increase in the segment’s maintenance investments and other investments were primarily related to 
the maintenance of the Group’s Nordic hydropower assets. 
Market operations 
Market operations includes trading, origination, market access for smaller producers of renewable energy, 
as well as revenue optimisation and risk mitigation activities related to Continental and Nordic power 
generation. 
Business model 
Market operations represents Statkraft’s interface with markets where energy and energy-related products 
are traded. The segment is also responsible for developing new customer-oriented business models in 
Europe and in selected countries where Statkraft owns assets. The main activities of the segment are: 
• 
Trading of standard financial contracts and structured products 
• 
Origination, which includes customised agreements for industry and commerce 
• 
Dynamic asset management by holding a varying amount of asset-backed positions to generate profit 
• 
Provide market access for Statkraft’s own assets, as well as to external generators of renewable 
energy 
• 
Exploring and developing new business models, primarily targeting customer solutions in the 
distributed energy market 
During previous years, the business activities of this segment have increased and have led to a significant 
geographical expansion with presence in many European countries, Brazil, Chile, Peru, USA (California) 
and India. Statkraft has an ambition to be a leading provider of market solutions for renewable energy. To 
reach this ambition, Statkraft’s target is to grow profitable market access activities for third party 
generators and consumers and build up the market access for flexibility in demand response and batteries 
by 2025. Furthermore, the ambition is to grow the customer business by substantially increasing the 
volumes in profitable renewable PPAs, sale of power, guarantees of origin and green power supply by 
2025. Statkraft is on track to ramp up these activities.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Important events in 2020 
• 
Statkraft has entered into a substantial number of power purchase agreements with several large 
customers, including Daimler and Bosch in Europe, as well as a range of agreements in South 
America. 
Financial performance 
Key figures 
NOK mill. 
2020 
2019 
Gross operating revenues and other income 
17 980 
19 813 
Net operating revenues and other income 
4 304 
4 556 
Operating expenses 
-1 777 
-1 428 
Operating profit (EBIT) underlying 
2 527 
3 127 
Unrealised value changes from embedded EUR derivatives 
  -  
  -  
Gains/losses from divestments of business activities 
  -  
  -  
Impairments/reversal of impairments 
  -  
  -  
Operating profit (EBIT) IFRS 
2 527 
3 128 
Share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments 
1 
3 
ROACE (%) 
n/a 
n/a 
ROAE (%) 
n/a 
n/a 
Maintenance investments and other investments 
13 
73 
Investments in new capacity 
  -  
2 
Investments in shareholdings 
  -  
  -  
Generation (TWh) 
n/a 
n/a 
 
The segment’s underlying EBIT decreased compared with the high level in 2019, but was still at a very 
satisfactory level. The main contributors to the decrease were a decrease in EBIT from the segment’s 
market access activities and long-term contracts. The major contributors to the segment’s underlying EBIT 
were trading, dynamic asset management and origination activities. Trading and dynamic asset 
management activities were both stable compared with 2019, while the contribution from origination 
activities improved significantly. 
The segment’s operating expenses increased, primarily due to new employees and higher performance-
related bonus costs due to the segment’s positive results. 
International power 
International power includes development, ownership and operations of renewable assets outside Western 
Europe. 
International power operates in growth markets with an increasing need for more energy. Statkraft is 
focusing on selected markets where the company can add value in a clear industrial role. Statkraft aims to 
expand the portfolio to include more wind and solar power, in addition to hydropower. Some of the 
investments are made in collaboration with local partners or international investors. 
The segment currently operates in Brazil, Peru, Chile, India, Nepal, Turkey and Albania. 
The segment’s revenue stems from power sales, mainly on long-term contracts. 
Business model 
The primary strategy for International power is to develop new generation capacity and integrate it into 
the Group’s existing operational portfolio to achieve efficient management, operations and route to 
market. International power has a pipeline of investment opportunities beyond Statkraft’s investment 
capacity and may therefore sell entire projects or portfolios before or after construction. The segment’s 
near term priority is to develop and test models for partnerships with customers and financial investors 
in Chile, India and Brazil. 
Important events in 2020 
• 
Full commercial operations started for the Moglicë hydropower plant in Albania. Statkraft’s power 
generation in Albania will now reach 700 GWh per year, equal to approximately 13 per cent. of the 
country’s total electricity generation. Statkraft has signed a three-year power sales agreement for a 
significant share of the generation of this plant.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
• 
Investment decision was made for the Ventos de Santa Eugenia wind power project in Brazil. The 
estimated project cost is NOK 4.2 billion. 
• 
Following the expiry of the Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with the Nepal Electricity Authority 
(NEA) on 10 July 2020, Himal Power Limited (HPL) entered into an interim PPA with NEA, valid 
until mid-November 2021. During this period HPL and NEA shall continue to negotiate the 
transfer of ownership rights in the Khimti hydropower plant to a 50-50 joint venture between HPL 
and NEA as prescribed in the expired PPA. The ownership transfer to a joint venture was supposed 
to take place on 11 July 2020, but due to the Covid-19 pandemic and other delays, the negotiations 
were not able to conclude on time. Once the ownership transfer to a joint venture is completed and 
the joint venture has a new PPA with NEA, HPL and NEA shall reconcile payments for power and 
ownership as if NEA had become the 50 per cent. owner for the Khimti hydropower plant from 11 
July 2020. 
• 
An expected reduction in future generation for two hydropower plants in Chile led to an 
impairment of NOK 627 million, which was presented in Statkraft’s consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 as share of profit/loss in equity accounted 
investments. 
Financial performance 
 
Key figures 
NOK mill. 
2020 
2019 
Gross operating revenues and other income 
2 902 
3 215 
Net operating revenues and other income 
2 314 
2 702 
Operating expenses 
-1 909 
-1 946 
Operating profit (EBIT) underlying 
405 
756 
Unrealised value changes from embedded EUR derivatives 
  -  
  -  
Gains/losses from divestments of business activities 
119 
  -  
Impairments/reversal of impairments 
45 
-564 
Operating profit (EBIT) IFRS 
569 
192 
Share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments 
-539 
-86 
ROACE (%) 
1.6 
3.0 
ROAE (%) 
-19.8 
-3.2 
Maintenance investments and other investments 
179 
214 
Investments in new capacity 
1 064 
808 
Investments in shareholdings 
43 
349 
 
The segment’s net operating revenues and other income  decreased, primarily due to the deconsolidation 
of the Khimti hydropower plant and lower generation in Peru due to lower than expected rainfall. In 
addition, net operating revenues and operating income in 2019 was increased by an insurance settlement 
for the tunnel collapse at the Kargi hydropower plant in Turkey. 
The segment’s operating expenses decreased by 2 per cent. compared with 2019, primarily due to the 
deconsolidation of the Khimti hydropower plant in Nepal. 
The decrease in the segment’s share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments was mainly due to 
impairments in Chile. 
The decrease in the segment’s ROACE was primarily due to a lower underlying EBIT. The segment’s 
capital employed, which increased 3 per cent. year-on-year, remains relatively high mainly due to newly 
built and acquired assets leading to increased high carrying values. 
The segment’s return on average equity accounted investments (ROAE) was negative in 2020 as a result 
of the negative share of profit following the impairments in Chile. 
The segment’s investments in new capacity were mainly related to the construction of the hydropower 
plants Moglicë in Albania, Tidong in India and Los Lagos in Chile. 
European wind and solar 
European wind and solar includes development and construction of onshore and offshore wind and solar 
power plants with the purpose to either sell the plant before or at the time of completion or own and 
operate the plant.  The segment has operating assets in Norway, Sweden, Ireland and the United Kingdom. 
In addition, the segment has development activities in several countries in Europe.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
The segment’s revenues come from power sales and support schemes. 
Business model 
European wind and solar is the owner of several wind farms in operations in Norway, Sweden, Ireland and 
the UK. In addition, the segment has a large pipeline of development projects which are either in 
construction or yet to reach the construction phase. Statkraft will often seek to divest these projects, either 
before or at the time of completion. European wind and solar will apply different business models to 
maximise value creation with the capital available. 
Important events in 2020 
• 
The Fosen wind projects were finalised. The six wind farms have an installed capacity of more than 
1000 MW and will generate 3.6 GWh renewable energy annually. 
• 
Statkraft acquired Solarcentury, a global solar developer headquartered in London. Solarcentury’s 
6 GW pipeline (gross) in Europe and South America positions Statkraft as a leading developer in 
the European solar market. 
• 
The Kilathmoy wind farm (23 MW) entered into operation. This was Statkraft’s first asset in 
operation in Ireland. 
• 
Statkraft acquired several onshore wind projects in Europe. 
• 
Statkraft secured 15-year contracts for two wind and two solar farms in Ireland's first auction for 
renewable energy. The contracts have a combined capacity of 333 MW. Statkraft decided to 
construct Cloghan (37.8 MW) and Taghart (25.2 MW) wind farms in Ireland. In addition, Statkraft 
agreed to sell the wind farms to Greencoat Renewables PLC while retaining responsibility for 
construction, long-term operation and management, in line with Statkraft’s strategy to build, sell, 
operate and trade power. 
• 
In January 2021, Statkraft signed a cooperation agreement with Aker Offshore Wind and Aker 
Horizons to explore the opportunity for an offshore wind project at Sørlige Nordsjø II (the 
Norwegian continental shelf). 
• 
In February 2021, Statkraft signed a Letter of Intent with Aker Horizons and Yara International 
aiming to establish Europe's first large-scale green ammonia project in Norway. 
• 
Statkraft expects lower power prices in the Nordic area to continue in the coming years, which will 
lead to reduced revenues for wind assets in Norway and Sweden. As a result, impairments 
amounting to NOK 3,126 million were recognised in Statkraft’s consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial performance 
Key figures 
NOK mill. 
2020 
2019 
Gross operating revenues and other income 
767 
1 388 
Net operating revenues and other income 
659 
1 330 
Operating expenses 
-1 452 
-1 103 
Operating profit (EBIT) underlying 
-793 
227 
Unrealised value changes from embedded EUR derivatives 
  -  
  -  
Gains/losses from divestments of business activities 
  -  
55 
Impairments/reversal of impairments 
-3 126 
-333 
Operating profit (EBIT) IFRS 
-3 919 
-50 
Share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments 
8 
12 
ROACE (%) 
-8.3 
2.6 
ROAE (%) 
0.9 
1.4 
Maintenance investments and other investments 
297 
231 
Investments in new capacity 
2 676 
2 215 
Investments in shareholdings 
1 850 
188 
Generation (TWh) 
3.9 
2.6 
 
The segment’s net operating revenues and other income dropped 50 per cent. compared with 2019, due to 
significantly lower Nordic power prices. This was partly offset by higher generation from existing wind 
farms and generation from new wind farms in operation.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
The segment’s operating expenses increased due to new employees, higher business development costs in 
line with the segment’s growth strategy, costs from new wind farms in operations and costs related to 
inverter faults in Sweden. 
The segment’s negative ROACE was due to a negative underlying EBIT. Average capital employed 
increased by 11 per cent. The capital employed by the segment is relatively high, mainly due to newly 
built and acquired assets leading to high carrying values. 
The segment’s ROAE decreased compared with 2019 as a result of the lower share of profit. 
The increase in the segment’s investments in new capacity were mainly related to the Fosen project in 
Norway and wind power projects in the UK. 
The increase in the segment’s investments in shareholdings were related to the Solarcentury acquisition 
and the acquisition of onshore wind projects in Europe. 
District heating 
Statkraft owns and operate 13 facilities and concessions divided in sub-areas Trondheim and Bio Norden.  
Trondheim is based on a waste-to-energy plant at Heimdal in Trondheim, with mainly electricity and gas 
plants to cover peak load. Bio Norden consists of twelve plants in different locations in Norway and 
Sweden, all based on biomass with some bio-oil and electricity for peak load.  
District heating has a distribution grid of approximately 500 km, 40,000 end-users and the segment 
delivers 0.9 TWh of heating and cooling based on waste incineration and biofuels. 
Business model 
Statkraft’s district heating activities include the full value chain, from sourcing and production to end-user 
sales of heating and cooling. 
Important events in 2020 
• 
New electric boilers were installed in Trondheim/Dragvoll (25 MW) and Namsos (2 MW). The 
boilers will contribute to increase in the segment’s renewable share and optimise the segment’s fuel 
mix. 
Financial performance 
Key figures 
NOK mill. 
2020 
2019 
Gross operating revenues and other income 
686 
919 
Net operating revenues and other income 
488 
653 
Operating expenses 
-471 
-437 
Operating profit (EBIT) underlying 
17 
216 
Unrealised value changes from embedded EUR derivatives 
  -  
  -  
Gains/losses from divestments of business activities 
  -  
  -  
Impairments/reversal of impairments 
-6 
-3 
Operating profit (EBIT) IFRS 
10 
213 
Share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments 
  -  
  -  
ROACE (%) 
0.5 
6.2 
ROAE (%) 
n/a 
n/a 
Maintenance investments and other investments 
13 
6 
Investments in new capacity 
203 
168 
Investments in shareholdings 
  -  
  -  
Delivered volume (TWh) 
0.9 
1.0 
 
The segment’s net operating revenues and other income decreased year-on-year due to both lower heating 
prices and delivered volume. The decrease in achieved heating prices was primarily a result of the low 
power prices in Norway, while the decrease in delivered heating volume was a result of relatively mild 
weather during the winter months. The segment’s revenues from waste handling increased due to higher 
achieved prices.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
The segment’s lower EBIT was reflected in the segment’s lower ROACE, which decreased significantly 
year-on-year. The segment’s ROACE was mainly driven by district heating activities in Trondheim. The 
segment’s average capital employed was stable compared with 2019. 
The segment’s investments were primarily related to pipelines, increased cooling capacity and 
modifications of existing assets in Norway. 
Industrial ownership 
Industrial ownership includes management and development of Norwegian shareholdings within the 
Group’s core business and includes the shareholdings in Skagerak Energi AS, Agder Energi AS and BKK 
AS. Statkraft is the majority shareholder in Skagerak Energi AS, which is included in Statkraft’s 
consolidated financial statements and holds large minority shareholdings in Agder Energi AS and BKK 
AS, which are reported as equity accounted investments in its consolidated financial statements. 
The segement’s revenues primarily come from power generation, distribution grid and district heating. In 
addition, Agder Energi AS has a significant power sales and energy service business and BKK AS delivers 
services within engineering, construction and telecommunications. All companies operated by this 
segment are actively working on solutions to develop environmentally friendly energy and infrastructure 
solutions and drive the transition to electrification. 
Business model  
As an owner, Statkraft focuses on optimising the industrial development of Skagerak Energi AS, Agder 
Energi AS and BKK AS to increase both shareholder value and each company’s competitive position. The 
work is founded on Statkraft’s ownership strategy, which has clear views on the development of each 
business as well as structural development of the industry. Statkraft aims to maintain good relations with 
its co-shareholders and to contribute to professional board work in each of the companies.  
Important events in 2020 
• 
Skagerak Energi AS and BKK AS sold shares in Fjordkraft Holding ASA. In total, these 
transactions resulted in a recognised gain of NOK 739 million for Statkraft, of which NOK 450 
million was recognised as share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments in Statkraft’s 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
• 
Agder Energi AS sold its 67 per cent. shareholding in the Swedish entrepreneur company Craftor, 
leading to a recognised gain for Statkraft of NOK 268 million as share of profit/loss in equity 
accounted investments in Statkraft’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020. 
Financial performance 
Key figures 
NOK mill. 
2020 
2019 
Gross operating revenues and other income 
2 120 
3 408 
Net operating revenues and other income 
1 975 
3 159 
Operating expenses 
-1 592 
-1 506 
Operating profit (EBIT) underlying 
382 
1 653 
Unrealised value changes from embedded EUR derivatives 
  -  
  -  
Gains/losses from divestments of business activities 
  -  
  -  
Impairments/reversal of impairments 
  -  
  -  
Operating profit (EBIT) IFRS 
382 
1 653 
Share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments 
1 472 
1 396 
ROACE (%) 
2.3 
10.4 
ROAE (%) 
15.4 
14.7 
Maintenance investments and other investments 
626 
603 
Investments in new capacity 
388 
351 
Investments in shareholdings 
  -  
53 
Generation (TWh) 
6.4 
4.9 
 
The segment’s net operating revenues and other income decreased, primarily due to significantly lower 
power prices, partly offset by higher generation.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
The segment’s operating expenses increased, mainly due to a positive effect from pension scheme changes 
in Norway in 2019. 
The segment’s share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments increased, primarily due to the Agder 
Energi AS’s divestments of Craftor and Skagerak Energi AS’s and BKK AS’s divestment of shares in 
Fjordkraft Holding ASA. This was partly offset by lower power prices. 
The decrease in the segment’s ROACE was due to the lower underlying EBIT. The average capital 
employed increased 4 per cent. year-on-year. 
The increase in the segment’s share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments was reflected in an 
increase in ROAE. 
The segment’s investments were primarily related to grid activities in Skagerak Energi AS. 
Other Activities 
Other activities include cost related to governance of the Group, new business within biomass, biofuel and 
electric vehicle charging as well as venture capital investments. Unallocated assets are also reported as 
Other activities. 
Financial performance 
Key figures 
NOK mill. 
2020 
2019 
Gross operating revenues and other income 
1 594 
1 252 
Net operating revenues and other income 
1 574 
1 252 
Operating expenses 
-2 258 
-1 778 
Operating profit (EBIT) underlying 
-685 
-526 
Unrealised value changes from embedded EUR derivatives 
  -  
  -  
Gains/losses from divestments of business activities 
  -  
  -  
Impairments/reversal of impairments 
  -  
  -  
Operating profit (EBIT) IFRS 
-685 
-526 
Share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments 
-123 
-50 
ROACE (%) 
n/a 
n/a 
ROAE (%) 
n/a 
n/a 
Maintenance investments and other investments 
206 
54 
Investments in new capacity 
  -  
  -  
Investments in shareholdings 
465 
381 
Generation (TWh) 
n/a 
n/a 
 
The segment’s decrease in underlying EBIT was primarily due to higher costs related to business 
development and newly consolidated companies within EV charging. 
Recent developments in 2021 
Statkraft acquired all the shares from the minority owners in Grønn Kontakt AS and now owns 100 per 
cent. of the company. 
Statkraft sold its stake in Roan Wind Farm to TrønderEnergi and Stadtwerke Munchen. The operation of 
the Roan wind farm was transferred to TrønderEnergi in February 2021.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Offering Circular refers to, and contains, certain alternative performance measures (APMs). APMs 
are measures used by the Group within its financial publications to supplement disclosures prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations from International 
Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC), as adopted by the EU. The Group considers that 
these measures provide useful information to enhance the understanding of its financial performance. The 
APMs should be viewed as complementary to, rather than a substitute for or in isolation from, the figures 
determined according to the applicable regulatory measures and financial reporting framework. An 
explanation of each such metric’s components and calculation method can be found in the section titled 
“Alternative Performance Measures” on pages 182 to 184 of the annual report of the Issuer for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019 and in the section titled “Alternative Performance Measures” on 
pages 210 to 211 of the annual report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (each of 
which is incorporated by reference herein).

--- Page 101 ---
101 
MANAGEMENT OF THE ISSUER 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors is elected for a term of two years and must, according to Statkraft’s articles of 
association, consist of a minimum of seven and a maximum of nine members. Currently, Statkraft’s board 
has nine directors, of which six are shareholder representatives selected by the Ministry of Trade, Industry 
and Fisheries. The composition of the board aims at achieving continuity and diversity with respect to 
industrial understanding, professional background, geographical representation, gender, independence 
and impartiality. In agreement with employee representatives, the company has no Corporate Assembly. 
Three of the sitting board’s nine members have been elected by and among the Group’s employees. 
The board has the ultimate responsibility for the performance of the company. The board shall ensure 
that the business is run in accordance with the company’s objectives, Articles of Association and the 
guidelines established by the general meeting and ensure that it is adequately organised to meet its 
obligations. The board shall keep itself informed of the company’s financial position and ensure that the 
company’s activities, financial statements and asset management are subject to satisfactory controls. This 
also involves supervising management’s day-to-day operation of the company and its business activities in 
general. The board must issue the necessary guidelines with respect to the business and its management, 
and must approve the company’s strategy, financial plans and annual results. The board has drawn up a 
mandate which provides guidelines for the board’s working practices and decision-making procedures. 
This mandate also defines the chief executive’s duties and obligations at large and in relation to the 
board. The board evaluates its performance and its competence on an annual basis. 
Statkraft’s principles for corporate governance clarify the relative roles of Statkraft’s owner, board of 
directors and management. Two board committees have been set up; an audit committee and a 
compensation committee. 
Thorhild Widvey, Chair 
Born: 1956. 
Position: Business Advisor. 
Education: BI Norwegian Business School. 
Board member since: 2016. 
Other directorships: Chair at Antidoping Norway, Concert Hall Stavanger and Bergen International 
Festival. Board member at Aker Solutions ASA and Solstad ASA. 
Peter Mellbye, vice-chair 
Born: 1949. 
Position: Business Advisor. 
Education: Master of Political Science. 
Board member since: 2016. 
Other directorships: Chair at Wellesley Petroleum AS, Otovo AS and Westgass AS. Board member at 
TechnipFMC plc, Competentia AS, Halfwave AS and Resoptima AS. 
Mikael Lundin 
Born: 1966. 
Position: Advisor. 
Education: Business Administration degree from Handelshögskolan in Stockholm. 
Board member since: 2018. 
Bengt Ekenstierna 
Born: 1953.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Position: Business Advisor. 
Education: Master of Science, Lund University of Technology. 
Board member since: 2016. 
Ingelise Arntsen 
Born: 1966. 
Position: Business Advisor. 
Education: Bachelor of Science, Economics degree. 
Board member since: 2017. 
Other directorships: Chair of Asplan Viak AS.  Board member at Export Credit Norway, Berenberg AS 
and Beerenberg Services AS. 
Marit Salte 
Born: 1970. 
Position: Chief Financial Officer of Smedvig Family Office. 
Education: Master of Science from The Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration 
(NHH). 
Board member since: 2020. 
Other directorships: Board member at Green Mountain AS, Nordic Edge AS and Cercare Medical A/S. 
Board member in various subsidiaries in the Smedvig Family Office. Advisory board at 
Sparebankstiftelsen SR Bank. 
Vilde Eriksen Bjerknes, employee representative 
Born: 1975. 
Position: Vendor Manager IT. 
Education: Master in Environmental Management, from the Norwegian University of Life Sciences 
(UMB). 
Board member since: 2014. 
Asbjørn Sevlejordet, employee representative 
Born: 1960. 
Position: Employee representative for the Statkraft Group. 
Education: Mechanical technician. 
Board member since: 2014. 
Thorbjørn Holøs, employee representative 
Born: 1957 
Position: Senior union representative, Skagerak Energi AS. 
Education: Energy technician. 
Board member since: 2002, member of Statkraft's Audit Committee. 
Other directorships: Chair of EL og IT Forbundet Vestfold/Telemark.  
The business address of each member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors is Lilleakerveien 6, 0283 Oslo, 
Norway. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the members of 
the Board of Directors and their duties to the Issuer.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Management 
The Statkraft Group is managed by the President and CEO and a group of executive vice presidents 
constituting the Corporate Management Team. The operating activities are managed by separate 
Business Units and Support Units constituting the Management Team. Each Business and Support Team 
has clear performance targets and reports to the Executive Management Team. 
 
CEO
Christian 
Rynning-Tønnesen
EVP Markets and IT
Hallvard Granheim
CFO
Anne Harris
EVP Corporate Staff
Henrik Sætness
EVP European Wind
and Solar 
Birgitte Ringstad 
Vartdal
EVP International 
Power
Jürgen Tzschoppe
EVP Production
Hilde Bakken
 
Christian Rynning-Tønnesen 
Born: 1959 
Position: President and CEO Statkraft AS and Statkraft SF. 
Education: Master of science in Engineering from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology 
(NTNU). 
Background: CFO and CEO of Norske Skog, CFO and other executive positions within Statkraft, refinery 
commercial coordinator in Esso Norge and a consultant at McKinsey. 
Joined Statkraft: 2010 (as CEO). 
Directorships (external): Chair of Vcom AS. Board member of Rederiaksjeselskapet Torvald Klaveness, 
Umoe AS and Umoe Gruppen AS. 
Hilde Bakken 
Born: 1966 
Position: Executive Vice President Production. 
Education: Master of science in Petroleum Engineering, Norwegian University of Science and Technology 
(NTNU), studies in organisational psychology (University of Bergen) and National Defence 
University/Senior Executive Course. 
Background: Various management and engineering positions in Norsk Hydro. Positions as chief of staff 
and various positions within the Generation and Market business in Statkraft. 
Joined Statkraft: 2000. 
Directorships (external): Chair: Skagerak Energi AS. Board member at Agder Energi AS 
Birgitte Ringstad Vartdal 
Born: 1977 
Position: Executive Vice President European Wind and Solar

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Education: Master of Science in Physics and Mathematics from the Norwegian University of Science and 
Technology (NTNU) and a Master of Science in Financial Mathematics from Heriot-Watt University in 
Edinburgh. 
Background: CEO and CFO of Golden Ocean, various positions in Torvald Klaveness Group and Norsk 
Hydro. 
Joined Statkraft: 2020  
Directorships (external): Board member at Yara International ASA  
Anne Harris 
Born: 1960 
Position: Chief Financial Officer 
Education: Degree in economics from BI Norwegian Business School 
Background: CFO in Multiconsult, Acting CEO and CFO in Entra Eiendom, EVP HR and Organization 
and SVP Corporate Financial Reporting and Performance in Norsk Hydro.  
Joined Statkraft: 2019 
Directorships (external): Board member IFE (Institutt for energieteknikk). 
Henrik Sætness 
Born: 1972 
Position: Executive Vice President Corporate Staff 
Education: Master of Science in Industrial Economics from The Norwegian University of Science and 
Technology (NTNU). 
Background: SVP Corporate Strategy & Analysis and SVP Strategy and Development Markets in 
Statkraft. EVP Products and Consulting in Navita and various positions within energy Trading and 
Origination in Norsk Hydro. 
Joined Statkraft: 2009 
Directorships (external): Chair of FME NTRANS (Norwegian Centre for Energy Transition Strategies). 
Board member at BKK AS 
Jürgen Tzschoppe 
Born: 1968 
Position: Executive Vice President International Power. 
Education: PhD. in electrical engineering from Aachen University of Technology. 
Background: EVP Market operations and IT and SVP Continental Energy in Statkraft. MD Statkraft 
Markets, GmbH and Knapsack Power GmbH & Co.KG. Power Trading Europe Associate in Enron and 
Chief Engineer at IAEW Aachen. 
Joined Statkraft: 2002. 
Hallvard Granheim  
Born: 1976 
Position: Executive Vice President Market Operations and IT. 
Education: Master of business Administration from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business 
Administration (NHH). 
Background:  EVP and CFO, SVP Financial Reporting, Accounting and Tax in Statkraft. Director, 
Advisory and Auditor in Deloitte. VP Energy Sourcing and Trading in Norske Skog.  
Joined Statkraft: 2012.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
The business address of each member of the Issuer’s Executive Management Team is Lilleakerveien 6, 
0283 Oslo, Norway. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the members of 
the Executive Management Team and their duties to the Issuer. 
Chief executive officer 
The chief executive officer of Statkraft is appointed by the board of directors. The chief executive officer 
is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the company, including its asset management and 
consolidated financial results. The chief executive officer is responsible for the organisation of the 
Statkraft Group, however, material or principle changes shall be presented to the board for approval prior 
to implementation. The board evaluates the chief executive’s performance and competence on an annual 
basis. 
Governing bodies 
The Kingdom of Norway, embodied in the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries, exercises its 
shareholder’s rights through Statkraft SF’s corporate meetings. Statkraft SF exercises its shareholder’s 
rights through Statkraft’s general meetings, but votes in accordance with the instructions given by 
Statkraft SF’s corporate meetings. The chair of Statkraft SF’s board of directors and the company’s other 
directors hold the same positions in Statkraft. The two companies’ boards of directors are therefore 
identical. 
Corporate Audit 
Statkraft’s Corporate Audit function is an independent function which assists the Board of Directors and 
management in assessing whether the Group’s most significant risks are sufficiently managed and 
controlled. The purpose of Corporate Audit is to enhance and protect organisational value by providing 
risk-based and objective assurance, advice, and insight related to the organisation's governance, risk 
management and internal control. Internal audits are conducted according to an annual rolling plan. The 
audit work is carried out in accordance with the International Standards for Internal Auditing. The annual 
corporate audit report is submitted to the Board of Directors, which also approves the audit plan for the 
coming year. Corporate Audit also presents a semi-annual report to the Audit Committee. The Audit 
Committee and Corporate Audit hold a minimum of one meeting per year without anyone from the 
Group’s management being present. Implementation of the recommendations from Corporate Audit is 
regularly followed up. The Head of Corporate Audit is responsible for Statkraft`s system for independent 
reporting of concerns related to unethical or illegal matters. In cases where an investigation is required, 
this is the responsibility of the Head of Corporate Audit. 
Code of Conduct 
Statkraft's fundamental principles for responsible behaviour are described in its Code of Conduct, which 
has been approved by the Board of Directors. The Code of Conduct applies to all companies in the 
Statkraft Group and all individuals who work for them.  Business partners are expected to adhere to 
standards consistent with Statkraft's Supplier Code of Conduct.  These principles are further detailed in 
policies and governing documents covering the Group’s key activities, including acquisition and 
construction projects. There is also a system for registration and follow-up of non-compliance with 
external and internal requirements. The system facilitates handling of cases, analysis of incidents, 
identification of improvements, and subsequent learning across the Group. 
Statkraft does business globally. As a Norwegian entity, Statkraft complies with applicable Norwegian 
laws and regulations as well as with applicable laws and regulations of countries where the Group 
operates. When developing its policies, Statkraft also takes guidance from relevant international 
conventions and guidelines, including those from the United Nations and the Organization for Economic 
Co-operation and Development. Where differences exist between applicable laws, regulations and 
Statkraft’s policies, Statkraft follows the highest standard. 
The Group’s management system 
Statkraft’s management system, called “The Statkraft Way”, sets out how to conduct business in and on 
behalf of the Statkraft Group. The purpose is to promote efficiency, ensure responsible and thereby 
sustainable business practices and meet stakeholder requirements, including standards that Statkraft has 
decided to work by.  The management system brings together all the governing documents, from the 
Vision and Values, Code of Conduct and Group Operating Model forming the core of the system to Group

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Policies, requirements, and descriptions of processes, activities, roles and responsibilities. The 
management system provides the basis for risk management, internal control and improvement work. The 
governing documents provides the internal frameworks within which employees shall act in their work and 
a basis for securing quality and efficiency in daily operations, as well as in reporting to the company’s 
management, the board of directors and capital markets. 
Performance management 
In Statkraft, performance management reinforces interaction, value creation and continuous improvement 
in the Group and contributes to ensuring strategy implementation and achievement of goals.  
The performance management process establishes a clear relationship between the Strategic Platform, 
operational targets and objectives, and monitoring and reporting of performance. In order to link the 
overall targets to the operational level individual targets are set. 
Performance management is a fundamental line management process at all levels and ensures stretch 
targets to drive performance.  
Scorecards are the main performance management tool where business targets and objectives are defined 
as key performance indicators and as prioritised actions. Scorecards are established at Group level and for 
each Business and Staff Area. Scorecards are used for evaluating and driving performance.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO DEFINITIVE REGISTERED NOTES 
Registered Notes of a Series that are initially offered and sold in the United States pursuant to Section 
4(2) of the Securities Act in private placement transactions exempt from registration under the Securities 
Act to Institutional Accredited Investors who execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment 
Letter substantially in the form attached to the Agency Agreement will be issued only as Definitive 
Registered Notes, registered in the name of the purchaser thereof or its nominee. Unless otherwise set 
forth in the applicable Final Terms, such Definitive Registered Notes will be issued only in minimum 
denominations of U.S.$500,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate 
equivalents in the applicable Specified Currency). Such Definitive Registered Notes issued to 
Institutional Accredited Investors will be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and in 
the Agency Agreement and will bear the applicable legend regarding such restrictions set forth under 
“Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions” below. Institutional 
Accredited Investors that hold Definitive Registered Notes may not elect to hold such Notes through 
DTC, but transferees acquiring such Notes in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities 
Act pursuant to Rule 144A, Regulation S or Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if applicable) may take 
delivery thereof in the form of an interest in a Restricted Global Note or a Regulation S Global Note, as 
the case may be, representing Notes of the same Series.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF RESTRICTED NOTES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any offer, resale, pledge or transfer of such Notes. 
Each prospective purchaser of Legended Notes, by accepting delivery of this Offering Circular, will be 
deemed to have represented and agreed as follows: 
(1) 
Such offeree acknowledges that this Offering Circular is personal to such offeree and does not 
constitute an offer to any other person or to the public generally to subscribe for or otherwise 
acquire Notes. Distribution of this Offering Circular, or disclosure of any of its contents to any 
person other than such offeree and those persons, if any, retained to advise such offeree with 
respect thereto is unauthorised, and any such distribution or disclosure, without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited; and 
(2) 
Such offeree agrees to make no photocopies of this Offering Circular or any documents 
referred to herein. 
Each purchaser of an interest in a Restricted Note offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A will be 
deemed to have acknowledged represented and agreed as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are 
not defined herein will have the meaning given to them in Rule 144A or in Regulation S as the case 
may be): 
(a) 
The purchaser (i) is a QIB, (ii) is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 
144A and (iii) is acquiring Notes for its own account or for the account of a QIB; 
(b) 
The purchaser understands that such Restricted Global Note is being offered only in a 
transaction not involving any public offering in the United States within the meaning of the 
Securities Act, such Restricted Global Note has not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or any other applicable securities law and may not be offered, sold or otherwise 
transferred unless registered pursuant to or exempt from registration under the Securities Act 
or any other applicable securities law; and that (i) if in the future the purchaser decides to 
offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Restricted Global Note, such Restricted Global 
Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) to a person who the 
seller reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, 
(B) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or (C) 
pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 
thereunder (if available) and in each of such cases in accordance with any applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction and that (ii) the purchaser will, 
and each subsequent holder of the Restricted Notes is required to, notify any purchaser of 
such Restricted Global Note from it of the resale restrictions referred to in (i) above and that 
(iii) no representation can be made as to the availability of the exemption provided by Rule 
144 under the Securities Act for resale of Notes; 
(c) 
Each Restricted Global Note will bear a legend to the following effect, in addition to such 
other legends as may be necessary or appropriate, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in 
compliance with applicable law: 
THIS NOTE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER, AND WAS ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION UNDER, THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE “SECURITIES 
ACT”), 
AND 
MAY 
NOT 
BE 
OFFERED, 
SOLD, 
PLEDGED 
OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN 
APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM AND UNLESS IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT 
THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE 
PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A 
THEREUNDER. 
THE 
HOLDER 
OF 
THIS 
NOTE 
BY 
ITS 
ACCEPTANCE 
HEREOF 
REPRESENTS AND AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND THE DEALERS 
THAT (A) THIS NOTE MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
ONLY (1) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A

--- Page 109 ---
109 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH RULE 144A, (2) IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE 
SECURITIES 
ACT 
PROVIDED 
BY 
RULE 
144 
THEREUNDER 
(IF 
AVAILABLE) AND 
IN 
EACH 
OF 
SUCH 
CASES 
IN 
ACCORDANCE 
WITH 
ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION, AND THAT (B) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT 
HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE FROM IT OF THE 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO IN (A) ABOVE. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE. 
Each Definitive Registered Note that is offered and sold in the United States to an Institutional 
Accredited Investor pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act or in a transaction otherwise exempt 
from registration under the Securities Act will bear a legend to the following effect, in addition to such 
other legends as may be necessary or appropriate, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in compliance 
with applicable law: 
“THIS NOTE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER, AND WAS ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION 
UNDER, 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES 
SECURITIES 
ACT 
OF 
1933, 
AS 
AMENDED, (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN 
APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM AND UNLESS IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE 
HEREOF, WHETHER 
UPON 
ORIGINAL 
ISSUANCE 
OR 
SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFER, 
ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND THE DEALERS THE 
RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE SET FORTH BELOW AND AGREES 
THAT IT SHALL TRANSFER THIS NOTE ONLY AS PROVIDED IN THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BY THE ISSUER ON 29 MARCH 2021. THE PURCHASER 
REPRESENTS THAT IT IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND NOT 
WITH A VIEW TO ANY SALE OR DISTRIBUTION HEREOF, SUBJECT TO ITS ABILITY TO 
RESELL THIS NOTE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A OR REGULATION S OR AS OTHERWISE 
PROVIDED BELOW AND SUBJECT IN ANY CASE TO ANY REQUIREMENT OF LAW THAT 
THE DISPOSITION OF THE PROPERTY OF ANY PURCHASER SHALL AT ALL TIMES BE 
AND REMAIN WITHIN ITS CONTROL. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY 
NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION 
FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 
144A THEREUNDER. 
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE 
ISSUER, AGREES TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTE, PRIOR TO 
THE DATE (THE “RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE”) WHICH IS TWO YEARS 
AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE LAST DATE ON 
WHICH THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF THIS 
NOTE (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH NOTE) ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER, (B) 
PURSUANT TO 
A 
REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT 
WHICH 
HAS 
BEEN 
DECLARED 
EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT 
THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A AND OTHERWISE IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A, (D) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL 
“ACCREDITED INVESTOR” WITHIN THE MEANINGS OF SUBPARAGRAPHS (a)(1), (a)(2), 
(a)(3) OR (a)(7) OF RULE 501 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT IS ACQUIRING THE 
NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF SUCH AN INSTITUTIONAL 
“ACCREDITED INVESTOR”, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THE 
SECURITIES OF U.S.$500,000 AND MULTIPLES OF U.S.$1,000 IN EXCESS THEREOF FOR 
INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR FOR OFFER OR SALE IN

--- Page 110 ---
110 
CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (F) 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 (IF AVAILABLE) OR (G) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE 
EXEMPTION 
FROM 
REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS 
OF 
THE 
SECURITIES 
ACT, 
SUBJECT TO THE ISSUER’S RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER 
PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (E), (F) OR (G) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF 
COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE 
ISSUER AND, IN EACH OF THE FOREGOING CASES, A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER IN 
THE FORM APPEARING ON THIS NOTE IS COMPLETED AND DELIVERED BY THE 
TRANSFEROR TO THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED 
UPON THE 
REQUEST 
OF 
THE 
HOLDER 
AFTER 
THE 
RESALE 
RESTRICTION 
TERMINATION DATE. THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS 
REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE FROM IT OF THE TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO IN THIS PARAGRAPH. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE. 
IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY A DEALER, THE PURCHASER AGREES TO 
PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE TRANSFER 
OF THIS NOTE IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS NOTE AND 
RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO 
TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND 
OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
THE RESALE OR TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. BY THE 
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, THE HOLDER HEREOF SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT.” 
Each purchaser of Definitive Registered Notes will be required to deliver to the Issuer and the Registrar 
and IAI Investment Letter substantially in the form prescribed in the Agency Agreement. The Definitive 
Registered Notes will be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in the above legend, such letter and 
in the Agency Agreement. Inquiries concerning transfers of Notes should be made to any Dealer.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
TAXATION 
Norwegian Taxation 
The information provided below gives a general overview, but does not purport to be a complete 
summary, of Norwegian tax law and practice related to the issue, purchase, holding and disposal of 
Notes, applicable as at the date of this Offering Circular, subject to any changes in law or practice 
occurring after such date. Such changes could possibly be made on a retroactive basis. Specific tax 
consequences may occur for different categories of holders of Notes, e.g. if the holder of Notes ceases to 
be tax resident in Norway etc. It is recommended that prospective investors consult with their own 
professional advisers as to their individual tax situation. 
Holders of Notes resident in Norway for tax purposes will be subject to Norwegian income taxation on 
interest and capital gains at the applicable rate. The same applies to other persons and legal entities that are 
subject to taxation in Norway (including, but not limited to persons and legal entities carrying out business 
that is conducted in or managed from Norway, provided that the Notes are used in or connected with any 
such business activities). In such cases, interest and gains or profits realised by such persons or legal 
entities on the ownership, sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes will be subject to Norwegian taxation 
at the applicable rate. As of the date of this Offering Circular, the applicable ordinary tax rate is 22 per 
cent. 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes, or gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or 
redemption of the Notes, to or for persons or legal entities who have no connection with Norway other 
than the holding of Notes issued by the Issuer are, under present Norwegian law, not subject to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or Governmental 
charges. 
From 1 July 2021, Norway will introduce a new withholding tax on interest payments made to related 
enterprises (i.e. companies owned, directly or indirectly, or controlled, by at least 50 per cent.) that are 
resident within low-tax jurisdictions. As the new withholding tax will only apply to interest payments 
made to such related enterprises, it will not affect interest payments on Notes issued by the Issuer in the 
present circumstances. 
Holders of Notes that are physical persons tax resident in Norway are subject to net wealth taxation in 
Norway.  Notes are included as part of the taxable base for this purpose.  The Notes will be valued at 
market value on 1 January in the year after the income year.  The maximum aggregate rate of net wealth 
tax is currently 0.85 per cent. Holder of Notes that are limited liability companies and similar entities are 
not subject to net wealth taxation in Norway. Persons or legal entities having no connection with Norway 
other than the holding of Notes are not subject to net wealth taxation in Norway unless such Notes are held 
in connection with business activities conducted in or managed from Norway and the Holder is a physical 
person. Notes held by such Holders (i.e. with limited tax liability to Norway) will be included in the 
holder's taxable base net wealth tax purposes in Norway. 
No Norwegian issue tax or stamp duties are payable in connection with the issue of the Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (other than Estonia, the participating Member States). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a 
fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, 
if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
Notes.  In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the Clearing Systems) currently in 
effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that 
the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or any Dealer takes any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems 
are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or any other party to the Agency Agreement 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a “clearing 
corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” 
registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants 
(Participants) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of securities 
transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-
entry changes in Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities 
certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing 
corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number of its Direct Participants and by 
the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc. and the National Association of 
Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers 
and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a 
Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (Indirect Participants). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the Rules), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts 
with respect to Notes accepted into DTC’s book-entry settlement system (DTC Notes) as described 
below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on 
file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with 
which beneficial owners of DTC Notes (Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly 
are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their 
respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described 
above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to 
transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual 
purchaser of each DTC Note (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect 
Participants records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, 
but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written providing details of the transaction, as well as 
periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial 
Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be 
accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, 
except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their 
registration in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge 
of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct 
Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial 
Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their 
customers.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants 
to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are 
being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct 
Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The 
Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose 
accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus 
Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit 
Direct Participants’ accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings 
shown on DTC’s records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due 
date. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or 
registered in “street name”, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the 
Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment 
of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to 
Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial 
Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will 
exchange the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in 
accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Registered 
Global Note, will be legended as set forth under “Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Restricted Notes 
and Transfer Restrictions”. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Notes from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system, 
The Issuer will apply to DTC in order to have each Tranche of Notes represented by Registered Global 
Notes accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any Registered Global Notes, DTC 
or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, of the individual beneficial interests 
represented by such Registered Global Notes to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. 
Such on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial Global Note will be limited to Direct 
Participants or Indirect Participants, including the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note will be shown on, and the 
transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with 
respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to 
interests of Indirect Participants).

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note registered in the 
name of DTC’s nominee will be made to the order of such nominee as the registered holder of such Note. 
In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange 
Agent on behalf of DTC’s nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions 
received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of 
interests in the Registered Global Notes in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all 
or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ 
account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to 
believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by 
Participants to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of 
such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the 
Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of 
the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that 
certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer 
Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct 
Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person 
having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to pledge such Notes to persons or 
entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes 
may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any 
holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such 
Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through 
a direct or indirect participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions”, cross-market transfers 
between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance 
with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian 
(Custodian) with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in 
DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because 
there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on 
the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, 
certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit 
of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a 
delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements 
for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no 
obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued 
or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for 
any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect

--- Page 116 ---
116 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
VPS Notes 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) is a Norwegian public limited liability company conducting business as a 
central securities depository (CSD) in Norway in accordance with the Act of 15 March 2019  no. 6 on the 
Registration of Financial Instruments, implementing Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, (the CSD Act).  The 
CSD Act requires that, among other things, all notes and bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in a 
central securities depositary authorized or recognized under Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, unless they 
are (i) denominated in NOK and offered and sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, 
or (ii) denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway 
VPS functions as a dematerialised CSD where registration of ownership, transfer and other rights to 
financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry only.  Any issuer of VPS Notes will be 
required to have an account (issuer's account) where all of its VPS Notes are registered in the name of the 
holder, and each holder is required to have her/his own account (investor's account) showing such person's 
holding of VPS Notes at any time.  Both the issuer and the VPS Noteholder will, for the purposes of 
registration in the VPS, have to appoint an account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank or 
Norwegian investment firm. It is possible for investors to hold VPS Notes indirectly through a nominee 
approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in a programme agreement dated 29 March 2021 (the Programme Agreement) agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an 
exemption from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the 
Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period (other than pursuant to Rule 
144A) a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding 
paragraph and in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale 
of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dealers nominated by the Issuer may arrange for the offer and sale of 
Registered Notes in the United States pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Each purchaser of 
such Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of such Notes may be made in reliance upon the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. In addition, 
pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement, Definitive Registered Notes may be offered and 
sold in the United States to Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities 
Act or in a transaction otherwise exempt from registration under the Securities Act. See “Notice to 
Purchasers and Holders of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions” above. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify 
whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or

--- Page 118 ---
118 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offer contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining such prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes, and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
 the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)   not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the

--- Page 119 ---
119 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes, and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended: the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not 
offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes 
may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of 
Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) 
and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or

--- Page 120 ---
120 
deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, 
information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to 
any Belgian Consumer. 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the 
Offering Circular has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to 
residents of Norway, other than: 
(a) in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a 
total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor; or 
(b) to "qualified investors" as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(c) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "qualified investors" (as defined in Article 2(e) 
of the Prospectus Regulation)), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers for any such offer; or 
(d) in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Notes shall be registered in a central securities depositary authorized or recognized under Regulation 
(EU) No. 909/2014 unless (i) the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered and sold outside of Norway 
to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and 
offered or sold outside of Norway. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes will only be sold in Norway to investors who have 
sufficient knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved with investing in the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Offering Circular or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 
289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 121 ---
121 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivative contracts (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) 
in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore and a 
reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as 
modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be 
applicable at the relevant time. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for 
the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable 
Subscription Agreement.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 26 June 2019.  
Listing of Notes 
The admission of Notes to the Euronext Dublin Official List will be expressed as a percentage of their 
nominal amount (excluding accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be 
admitted to the Euronext Dublin Official List and to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market will be 
admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more Global Notes initially 
representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this Offering Circular to be 
admitted to the Euronext Dublin Official List and to trading on its regulated market. The listing of the 
Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted by Euronext Dublin on or around 29 March 2021.  
In the case of VPS Notes, application may be made to the Oslo Stock Exchange for such VPS Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.statkraft.com/IR/funding/loan-documentation/: 
(i) 
the Articles of Association (Vedtekter) and Company Certificate (Firmaattest) (with an 
English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the forms of the Temporary Global Notes, the 
Permanent Global Notes, the Definitive Notes, the Coupons, the Talons, the Regulation S 
Global Notes, the Restricted Global Notes and the Definitive Registered Notes; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(iv) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this 
Offering Circular and Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such 
Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent as to its holding 
and identity) and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer will make an application 
for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or 
CINS numbers for each Tranche of Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and Common 
Code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system (including the VPS) the appropriate information will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC and the VPS are the entities in charge 
of keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels; the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg and the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041–0099, USA; and the 
address of the VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the Group 
since 31 December 2020. There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects 
of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
Save as described in the Risk Factor entitled “Regulatory Issues” regarding the tax reassessments relating 
to Statkraft Treasury Centre SA on page 15 of this Offering Circular, there are no other, and have not been 
any other, governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document 
which may have or have in such period had a significant effect in the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte AS, members of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants 
(DnR), who have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without qualification, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act on Auditing and Auditors and generally accepted auditing practice in Norway for the periods ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020. The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Trustee’s Action 
The Notes provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Noteholders in certain circumstances, 
but only if the Trustee is indemnified to its satisfaction. It may not be possible for the Trustee to take 
certain actions and accordingly in such circumstances the Trustee will be unable to take such actions, 
notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity to it, and it will be for Noteholders to take action directly. 
Reliance by Trustee 
The Trust Deed provides that any certificate or report of the auditors of the Issuer or any other expert 
called for by or provided to the Trustee (whether or not addressed to the Trustee) in accordance with or 
for the purposes of the Trust Deed may be relied upon by the Trustee as sufficient evidence of the facts 
stated therein, whether or not any such certificate or report or any engagement letter or other document 
entered into by the Trustee and/or such auditors and/or expert in connection therewith contains any limit

--- Page 124 ---
124 
on liability (monetary or otherwise) of such auditors and/or expert. However, the Trustee will have no 
recourse to the Auditors in respect of such certificates or reports unless the Auditors have agreed to 
address such certificates or reports to the Trustee.

--- Page 125 ---
THE ISSUER 
 
Statkraft AS 
Lilleakerveien 6 
0283 Oslo 
Norway 
 
THE TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
6th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A. 
6th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
 
 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
OTHER PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
 
 
VPS ACCOUNT MANAGER 
 
Danske Bank A/S, Verdipapirservice 
Søndre Gate 13-15 
7466 Trondheim 
Norway 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Riverside One 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
to the Issuer as to Norwegian Law 
to the Dealers and the Trustee as to English Law 
Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS 
Dokkveien 1 
0250 Oslo 
Norway 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
 
to the Issuer 
 
 
Deloitte AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 14 
PO Box 221 Sentrum 
0103 Oslo 
Norway 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias Gate 30 
0191 Oslo 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm  
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
  
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany