--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR
STATKRAFT AS
(a limited company registered under number 987 059 699 with the
Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises)
€9,000,000,000
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME
_____________________________________________________________
Under this €9,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Statkraft AS (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the 
Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed €9,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified on page 8 and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. References 
in this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes.
Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes), registered form (Registered Notes) or uncertificated book entry form cleared through the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depositary (formally named Verdipapirsentralen ASA and trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (VPS Notes and the VPS, respectively).
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”.
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Notes issued under the Programme during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to its official list (the Euronext Dublin Official List) and to trading on its
regulated market.
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the Prospectus Regulation).  The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market or on another regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area
(the EEA) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is 
valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement 
this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no 
longer valid.
References in this Offering Circular to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Euronext Dublin Official List. VPS Notes may be listed on Euronext Oslo Børs which 
is the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market and, in this case, listed (and all related references) shall be construed accordingly. Each of Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market and Euronext Oslo Børs is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final 
Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin.
Copies of Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading 
on any market.
The Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by either a Temporary Global Note, a Permanent Global Note, a Regulation S Global Note, a 
Restricted Global Note and/or Definitive Registered Notes (each as defined below) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. See “Form of the Notes” 
below.
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer has been rated A (negative outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and A- (negative
outlook) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch). As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Programme has been rated A by S&P and A- by Fitch. Each 
of S&P and Fitch is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of 
S&P and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Neither S&P nor Fitch is established in the 
United Kingdom (UK) and neither of them has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).  Accordingly, the ratings issued by S&P and Fitch have been endorsed 
by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. 
Each of S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating 
agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. Please also refer to “Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes” in the “Risk Factors” section of this Offering Circular.
_____________________________________________________
Arranger
BNP PARIBAS
Dealers
Barclays
BNP PARIBAS
Danske Bank
DNB Markets
Handelsbanken 
Nordea
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking
SEB
SMBC
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
UniCredit
The date of this Offering Circular is 28 March 2025

--- Page 2 ---
2
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. When used in this Offering Circular, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts as at the date of this 
Offering Circular and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all information which is incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Offering Circular shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such information is incorporated in and forms part of this Offering Circular.
Other than in relation to information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering Circular refers does 
not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland.
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have separately verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution. No Dealer or the 
Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
The statements made in this paragraph are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer 
under the Programme.
None of the Arranger, Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility 
for any environmental, social and/or sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as 
defined herein) or makes any representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to the suitability of any 
such Notes under the Programme, to fulfil any environmental, social and/or sustainability expectations or 
criteria required by any prospective investors. None of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of 
their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment or verification of 
any Eligible Project (as defined in “Use of Proceeds—Green Bonds” section of this Offering Circular) and 
their impact, or monitoring of the use of the net proceeds of any such Notes issued as Green Bonds (or 
amounts equal thereto). Prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before 
making an investment in any such Notes and should have regard to the Issuer's Green Finance Framework, 
as referred to in “Risk Factors— In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as 
‘Green Bonds’, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor” below) and any public reporting in respect of the application of the net proceeds 
(or amounts equal thereto) by or on behalf of the Issuer, and for the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green 
Finance Framework, nor any second party opinion issued in relation thereto from time to time, is
incorporated into, or forms part of, this Offering Circular. None of the Arranger, Dealers, the Trustee, nor 
any of their respective affiliates, makes any representation, warranty or assurance as to the suitability or 
content of such materials.
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Offering 
Circular in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be.
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Trustee to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the 
Trustee.
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes

--- Page 3 ---
3
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by 
or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes.
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming 
to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published information incorporated 
by reference into this Offering Circular when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes.
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes (as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes”) may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, be calculated by reference to a 
Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). As at the date of this Offering 
Circular, European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR), Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) and Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (as 
administrator of STIBOR) are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA (as defined herein) does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation.
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 4 ---
4
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) –
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under 
the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this document 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Offering 
Circular or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the 
European Economic Area (including Belgium and Norway), the United Kingdom, Japan and Singapore
(see “Subscription and Sale” below).
The Notes have not been nor will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S)). See “Subscription and Sale” below.
This Offering Circular has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes in reliance upon Regulation S outside the United States to non-U.S. persons and, with respect to 
Notes in registered form only, within the United States (1) in reliance upon Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (Rule 144A) to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A (QIBs), 
(2) to "institutional accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities

--- Page 5 ---
5
Act) (Institutional Accredited Investors) pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act or (3) in 
transactions otherwise exempt from registration. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of 
the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
To permit compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act in connection with any resales or other 
transfers of Notes that are “restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has 
undertaken in the Trust Deed (as defined below) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or 
any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by such holder, the 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act, if at the time of the 
request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) 
of the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of 
the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) nor exempt from reporting 
pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act.
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series of Registered Notes, Registered Notes of 
each Tranche of such Series sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented 
by a permanent global note in registered form, without interest coupons (a Regulation S Global Note), 
deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust 
Company (DTC). With respect to all offers or sales by a Dealer of an unsold allotment or subscription 
and in any case prior to expiry of the period that ends 40 days after the later of the date of issue and 
completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes (the Distribution Compliance Period), beneficial 
interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. person (save as otherwise provided in Condition 2) and may be held only through Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg). Registered Notes of each 
Tranche sold in private transactions to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A will be represented by a restricted 
permanent global note in registered form, without interest coupons (a Restricted Global Note and, 
together with a Regulation S Global Note, Registered Global Notes), deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional 
Accredited Investors will be in definitive registered form (Definitive Registered Notes), registered in the 
name of the holder thereof. Definitive Registered Notes will, at the request of the holder (save to the extent 
otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms), be issued in exchange for interests in a Registered 
Global Note upon compliance with the procedures for exchange as described in “Form of the Notes” 
below.
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global Note (a Temporary 
Global Note) or a permanent global Note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary 
Global Note, each a Global Note) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which will be deposited on 
the issue date thereof with a common safekeeper or a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance system. Beneficial interests in a Temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable for either beneficial interests in a Permanent Global Note or definitive Bearer Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note either (i) is exchangeable (in whole but 
not in part) for definitive Bearer Notes upon not less than 60 days’ notice or (ii) is only exchangeable (in 
whole but not in part) for definitive Bearer Notes following the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as 
defined in “Form of the Notes” below), all as further described in “Form of the Notes” below. For further 
details of clearing and settlement of the Notes issued under the Programme see “Book-Entry Clearance 
Systems” below.
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated book entry form, as more fully described 
under “Form of the Notes” below. On or before the issue date of each Tranche of VPS Notes entries may 
be made with the VPS to evidence the debt represented by such VPS Notes to accountholders with the 
VPS. VPS Notes will be issued in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to VPS Notes from 
time to time.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it:

--- Page 6 ---
6
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of indices and 
financial markets; and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, USD and U.S.$ refer to the currency of the United States 
of America, those to NOK or Norwegian Kroner are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway, 
those to Japanese Yen and Yen refer to the currency of Japan and those to Sterling, GBP and £ refer to 
the currency of the United Kingdom. In addition, references to euro, EUR and € refer to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty 
on the functioning of the European Union (the EU), as amended.
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Certain financial information set out herein has been extracted from the Issuer’s annual audited 
consolidated financial statements for either the year ended 31 December 2024, or the year ended 31 
December 2023, including the notes thereto, which have been incorporated by reference herein. The 
Issuer’s annual audited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board (IASB) and the interpretation of these standards from International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee as adopted by the EU, and further requirements in Norwegian Accounting Law 
(Regnskapsloven).
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers (the Stabilisation
Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME.....................................................................................................8
RISK FACTORS ..........................................................................................................................................14
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE................................................................................32
FORM OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................................................34
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................38
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .........................................................................................49
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................................................89
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP...............................................................................................................90
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES....................................................................................113
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO DEFINITIVE REGISTERED NOTES........................114
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF RESTRICTED NOTES AND 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS...................................................................................................................115
TAXATION................................................................................................................................................118
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS...............................................................................................120
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................................124
GENERAL INFORMATION.....................................................................................................................129

--- Page 8 ---
8
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this overview.
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980.
Issuer:
Statkraft AS
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
529900TH4OAW7WYG1777
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Arranger:
BNP PARIBAS
Dealers:
Banco Santander, S.A.
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
BNP PARIBAS
Danske Bank A/S
DNB Bank ASA
Nordea Bank Abp
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
SMBC Bank EU AG
Société Générale
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)
UniCredit Bank GmbH
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.
Risk Factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under “Risk Factors” below and include, but 
are not limited to, risks relating to power price uncertainty, 
credit risk and liquidity risk, climate change risk, policy risks (as 
the Issuer is a state-owned entity), regulatory risks, corruption 
risks and risks relating to hedging, trading and origination. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under “Risk 
Factors” and include certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks.
Certain Restrictions:
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale” below), including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Offering 
Circular.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least £100,000 or its equivalent (see “Subscription and Sale” 
below).
Trustee:
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited

--- Page 9 ---
9
Principal Paying Agent:
Citibank, N.A.
Exchange Agent 
and Transfer Agent:
Citibank, N.A.
Paying 
Agent, 
Registrar
and 
Transfer Agent:
Citibank Europe plc
VPS Account Manager:
Danske Bank A/S, LC & I Services / Issuer Services
Irish Listing Agent:
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited
Programme Size:
Up to €9,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement.
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies:
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, including, without limitation, Australian dollars, 
Canadian dollars, Czech koruna, Danish kroner, euro, Hong 
Kong dollars, Japanese Yen, New Zealand dollars, Norwegian 
kroner, Sterling, South African Rand, Swedish kronor, Swiss 
francs and United States dollars (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms).
Maturities:
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes:
Notes may be issued in bearer form, registered form or, in the 
case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Notes in bearer form will not be 
exchangeable for Notes in registered form and Notes in 
registered form will not be exchangeable for Notes in bearer 
form. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced 
by the crediting of VPS Notes to accounts with the VPS. See 
“Form of the Notes” below.
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) which in either case, 
will:
(a)
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global 
note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common 
Safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
and
(b)
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN 
form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of 
the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common 
Depositary) 
for, 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg,

--- Page 10 ---
10
and subject, in each case, to such restrictions as are contained in 
the relevant Global Note and summarised below. Temporary 
Global Notes will be exchanged not earlier than 40 days after 
their issue only upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global 
Note either (i) is exchangeable (in whole but not in part) for 
definitive Notes upon not less than 60 days’ notice or (ii) is only 
exchangeable (in whole but not in part) for definitive Notes 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, as described in 
“Form of the Notes” below. Any interest in a Temporary Global 
Note or a Permanent Global Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed 
clearance system, as appropriate.
Each Tranche of Registered Notes which is sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S will, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be represented by a 
Regulation S Global Note which will be deposited with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC 
on its Issue Date for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. With respect to all offers or sales by a Dealer of 
an unsold allotment or subscription and in any case prior to the 
expiry of the Restricted Period beneficial interests in a 
Regulation S Global Note of such Tranche may be held only 
through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear. After the 
expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period (as defined in 
Condition 1), beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note 
may be held through DTC directly by a participant in DTC or 
indirectly through a participant in DTC. Regulation S Global 
Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes only 
in the limited circumstances as more fully described in 
Condition 2.
Registered Notes of any Series sold in private transactions to 
QIBs and subject to the transfer restrictions described in “Notice 
to Purchasers and Holders of Restricted Notes and Transfer 
Restrictions” will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be represented by a Restricted Global Note which 
will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of, DTC on its Issue Date.
Notes represented by the Registered Global Notes will trade in 
DTC’s same day fund settlement system and secondary market 
trading activity in such Notes will therefore settle in 
immediately available funds. Beneficial interests in a Regulation 
S Global Note and a Restricted Global Note will be shown on, 
and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records 
maintained by DTC and its direct or indirect participants, 
including Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. See “Book-
Entry Clearance Systems” below.
Notes initially offered and sold in the United States to 
Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(2) of the 
Securities Act or in a transaction otherwise exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act and subject to the transfer 
restrictions described in “Notice to Purchasers and Holders of 
Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions”, will be issued only 
in definitive registered form and will not be represented by a 
global Note or Notes. Persons holding beneficial interests in

--- Page 11 ---
11
Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case 
may be, under the circumstances described in Condition 2, to 
receive physical delivery of Definitive Registered Notes
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms,
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms).
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as selected prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on the Interest Payment Dates specified 
in, or determined pursuant to, the applicable Final Terms and 
will be calculated on the basis of the relevant Floating Day 
Count Fraction unless otherwise indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms.
If Floating Rate Notes provide for a Rate of Interest (or any 
component thereof) to be determined by reference to a reference 
rate and the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event (as 
defined in Condition 5(b)(viii)) in respect of such reference rate
has occurred, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in Condition 5(b)(viii)) to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (each as defined 
in Condition 5(b)(viii)) for use in place of the original reference 
rate and in either case to determine an Adjustment Spread (as 
defined in Condition 5(b)(viii)). If the Independent Adviser fails 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread, then the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the original reference rate and the fallback 
provisions set out in the Conditions. See Condition 5(b)(viii) for 
further information.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount, at par 
or at a premium to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest other than in the case of late payment.
Redemption:
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate 
either that the Notes of such Tranche cannot be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable 
notice (or such other notice period (if any) as is indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as are 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
12
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time 
to time, prior to their stated maturity, at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount.
In addition, if Change of Control Put is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Noteholders in the circumstances described in Condition 7(f)(ii).
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above.
Denomination of Notes:
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be such as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amounts in such currency at the 
time of issue of such Notes).
Notes in registered form sold pursuant to Rule 144A shall be 
issued in denominations of U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) and higher integral multiples of 
U.S.$10,000 (or its equivalent as aforesaid). Definitive 
Registered Notes sold in the United States to Institutional 
Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities 
Act or in a transaction otherwise exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act shall be issued in minimum denominations of 
U.S.$500,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and 
higher integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 (or its equivalent as 
aforesaid).
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
within the Kingdom of Norway, subject as provided in 
Condition 8. In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 8, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted.
Negative Pledge:
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4.
Cross Default:
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross-default provision as 
further described in Condition 10.
Status of the Notes:
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and, subject to the provisions of Condition 4, unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding.
Rating:
The Programme has been rated A by S&P and A- by Fitch. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be

--- Page 13 ---
13
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme.
Listing and admission to trading:
Application has been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on Euronext Dublin.
Applications may be made to list VPS Notes on Euronext Oslo 
Børs. Any such applications will be in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations governing the listing of VPS 
Notes on Euronext Oslo Børs from time to time.
The applicable Final Terms will state on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading.
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not 
admitted to trading on any other market.
Governing Law:
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, English law.
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositary Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time 
to time, implementing Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 and the 
holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are 
subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this 
Act and any related regulations and legislation.
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the European Economic Area (including
Belgium
and
Norway), the United Kingdom, Japan and 
Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes. See “Subscription and Sale” and “Notice to Purchasers 
and Holders of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions” 
below.

--- Page 14 ---
14
RISK FACTORS
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of 
the Notes. The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme and which are most likely to occur.  The Issuer may not be 
aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become 
material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in 
this Offering Circular a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability 
to make payments due under the Notes.
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme
The classification of the risks relating to the Issuer is the result of regular analysis as part of the Issuer’s 
internal risk management process. In each category of risks below, the Issuer sets out first the most 
material risk, in its assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of the negative impact of such 
risk on the Issuer and the probability of its occurrence.
Statkraft has the ambition of being a leading renewable energy company and as the business is growing, it 
is facing a more complex risk exposure across its activities. Stakeholders are seeking greater transparency 
and accountability for managing different types of risk. The dominant part of Statkraft’s assets is still the 
existing hydropower assets in the Nordics and value protection of these assets is a prioritised risk 
management activity. However, Statkraft is increasingly exposed to strategic growth risks as its ambitions 
are further lifted as part of its revised strategy.
Risk drivers
Risk drivers, both internal and external, are factors impacting the risks faced by Statkraft. 
The geopolitical and global security situation is a contextual driver for several of the risks. For the 
foreseeable future Statkraft expects to operate in a more volatile political and economic landscape than 
before. The vulnerability of global operations of companies to increasing security threats is leading to a 
more turbulent and unpredictable context for doing business. 
Statkraft is impacted by climate change directly, as the average output of renewable power plants can 
change and the probability of extreme weather events that challenge the physical integrity of the plants can 
increase. Climate change is assessed as a driver for the relevant risk factors and the risk exposure is 
primarily the impact on the power price and Statkraft’s income.
Growth in new markets and technologies, high level of activity and organisational growth, and new 
business models/partners increase the risk exposure for many risks across Statkraft.
All risks are assessed and managed in the asset and the trading and origination value chains and in the 
supporting processes, including investments. The most material enterprise risks for Statkraft are described 
in the following sections.
Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry
Power price uncertainty
As a leading company in hydropower internationally and one of Europe’s largest producers of renewable 
energy, Statkraft is heavily exposed to power prices in most markets in which it is present. Power prices 
and generation volumes are impacted by weather conditions including climate change effects, 
consumption and transmission conditions in the energy markets. Future power prices have a direct effect 
on Statkraft’s existing assets and revenues, and also affect decisions related to potential new assets. The 
majority of Statkraft’s value is directly exposed to the power prices in the Nordic market which are the 
most important value drivers for Statkraft.

--- Page 15 ---
15
The power prices in the Nordic market are directly affected by the balance between generation and 
demand. The Nordic market has been increasingly connected to the continental European markets and to 
the Baltic region, and is thus influenced by changes to fuel prices, prices for CO2 emission rights, demand 
growth and the development in production capacity in these markets. Growth in wind and solar, and the 
phasing out of thermal capacity, are changes in generation technologies that impact the power prices and 
power balance. New technologies, new generation methods and new market players may also influence the 
future price development and hence the competitiveness of traditional utilities. The geopolitical instability 
arising out of Russia’s war in Ukraine, the conflicts in the Middle East, the actions of the newly elected 
government in the United States and increased tensions between China and the West are all drivers of
power price uncertainty.
A major part of the current electricity generation capacity of the Group (as defined below) comes from 
hydropower plants, most of which are situated in Norway. The hydro reservoir levels can vary 
considerably from year to year, and the hydrological balance may affect both the price of electricity and 
the capacity available and may significantly impact Statkraft’s revenues.
Statkraft is also exposed to energy and commodity price risk affecting its wind and solar assets under the 
Develop-Sell/Develop-Build-Sell business models, where the aim is to develop and construct onshore 
wind and solar power plants with the intention to divest the power plants either before, at the time of, or 
shortly after, completion.  Energy prices can affect the potential value of assets in development and 
commodity prices can affect the construction costs, which may negatively impact the selling price and 
therefore Statkraft’s financial performance. 
Hedging, Trading and Origination
The Group has major customers and substantial counterparty exposure in its long-term physical sales 
contracts and energy trading. Default by one or more of such customers or counterparties may adversely 
affect the financial results of the Group. Statkraft’s main counterparty risk is related to the long-term 
physical sales contracts tied to its Norwegian assets. These are the main hedges for the downside scenarios 
in power prices in the Nordics and Statkraft’s hydro asset fleet. This risk can be impacted directly by 
default resulting in payment loss, or indirectly, by Statkraft being forced to re-negotiate the contracts to 
avoid the counterparties from defaulting due to financial hardship. In addition, Statkraft assumes 
counterparty risk in connection with energy trading and origination activities. 
In addition to long term physical sale contracts, the Group is exposed to significant market risk in relation 
to its financial risk reducing activities consisting of financial power contracts. The Group’s financial risk 
reducing activities consist of financial risk reduction portfolios of financial contracts, normally futures, 
primarily to hedge revenues from future generation. 
In addition to its financial risk reducing activities, Statkraft has various trading and origination portfolios 
that are managed independently of the Group’s power generation. Statkraft has allocated risk capital to 
these activities. The mandates are adhered to by applying specified limits for value-at-risk and profit-at-
risk. The Group’s trading activities involve buying and selling standardised and liquid products, such as 
power, gas, oil, CO2 products and energy-related metals. The activities also include trading of 
transportation capacity across borders. The market risk in these contracts is mainly related to future 
commodity prices. 
The Group’s origination activities include buying and selling both standard and structured products. 
Structured products are typically environmental certificates or power contracts with tailor-made profiles 
entered into in different currencies. In addition, Statkraft engages in market access activities by entering 
into long-term power purchase and power sales agreements with the aim of providing a route-to-market 
for renewable energy producers and long-term renewable energy supply to corporate consumers. 
Depending on the operation of the price mechanisms in the power purchase and sales agreements, Statkraft 
may be exposed to price risk, which may have an adverse effect on financial performance.
Delays in permitting, grid connections and regulatory enablers
Governments all over the world are raising targets for renewable energy and stimulating green technology 
development and the competition across the markets is increasing. At the same time regulation is slow to 
catch up, and this has exacerbated the bottleneck in permitting and grid access across the world, especially 
in Europe.
There is a risk of delay and reduced margin in the development pipeline because of the lack of capacity in 
the regulatory system to process permitting, auctions, grid connections and grid build, which poses

--- Page 16 ---
16
significant barriers. Public resistance to, and increased expectations from, new renewable energy projects 
have become increasingly more common, further delaying the execution process. Lack of permitting 
capacities in local authorities and markets are also a challenge. 
Supply chain resilience, delays or lack of supply on competitive terms
Statkraft is facing a supplier market with increased volatility and high dependence on single sources 
(countries/suppliers) when it comes to critical materials and equipment. This is happening in an expanding 
renewable market with limited supply resources compared to the demand and where the negotiation power 
is shifting from the buyers to the suppliers. New requirements concerning human and labour rights add 
complexity to the situation. 
There is a risk that Statkraft is not able to find suppliers to meet the demand in its plan or get supplies at a 
competitive cost level leading to delays or lack of supplies of solar PV, batteries, minerals and components 
as well as other key technologies. 
Any of the above factors could affect Statkraft’s ability to deliver expected projects or lead to project 
delays, regression on sustainability requirements, cost overruns and also potential quality issues.
Loss of control production critical system
Due to Statkraft’s relatively large share of Nordic production capacity, Statkraft’s production critical 
systems are a vital part of the business continuity for Nordic power supply.
Despite having robust independent fallback systems in place, production control could fail due to 
unintended or intended incidents such as faulty actions by personnel, technical failures, cyber-attacks or 
external threats leading to attacks on Statkraft’s facilities. Work processes and the production critical 
systems are continuously improved to prepare for these incidents.
The consequences of both unintended and intended incidents may directly or indirectly affect production 
or water flow from one or more assets and endanger Statkraft's ability to fulfil its concessionary 
obligations or lead to health, safety, security and environment risks including personnel injuries, both in 
normal operations and emergency situations. It may also cause significant negative effects for other 
critical functions in society. The financial impact could be substantial including compensation claims and 
additional consequences could be environmental damages, reputational damage and possible criticism 
from important stakeholders including the owner.
Statkraft’s resilience has been tested and proven in large global attacks that have affected several 
companies in several businesses and Statkraft has also seen an increase in third-party threats causing the 
threat landscape to change continuously.
Cyber-attack compromising IT infrastructure and business applications
Statkraft is facing a complex risk picture in which foreign states and other highly skilled and resourceful 
threat actors, with the help of a wide range of instruments, try to exploit vulnerabilities in functions and 
systems. The digital and physical risk picture has sharpened and there are risks associated with compound 
threats. The cyber risk profile of Statkraft will continue to be challenged. Statkraft needs to continuously 
improve its first and second line of defence measures to be able to confront the more intense and complex 
cyber-attacks.
A relevant threat scenario for Statkraft is a state supported or other criminal actor performing a cyber-
attack that will compromise Statkraft’s IT infrastructure and business applications leading to system 
downtime and/or disclosure of sensitive information. Human vulnerabilities are weaknesses that such 
actors seek to exploit. Statkraft has corporate wide measures in place, responsible for maintaining 
governance, requirements and support to the business areas and staff areas, so that they can protect their 
information as much as possible.
A disruption of business-critical IT systems and the unavailability of information may lead to an inability 
to deliver services to the markets in which Statkraft operates and lead to non-compliance issues related to 
grid operator requirements.
Corruption risk
The processes assessed by Statkraft as being most prone to the risk of corruption are business 
development, mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and construction projects, procurement and supplier

--- Page 17 ---
17
management, and government and stakeholder engagement. The overall current risk level though 
significant remains stable despite the increased risk exposure in this area.
External trends, such as economic instability and increased cost of living can have adverse impacts on 
business partners’ and employees’ ethical behaviour. Political instability, changes in energy market 
regulations and the sanctions landscape are causing a more turbulent and unpredictable context for doing 
business. The high demand for green energy can result in an increased pressure on project implementation, 
including licenses and permits approvals and community interaction, which are deemed as high-risk 
activities. Finally, the legislative framework on compliance has been strengthened significantly in recent 
years in several of Statkraft’s countries of operation, which means that the potential consequences for 
breaches have increased.
With the updated strategy, Statkraft is experiencing increased levels of activity across the whole 
organisation. This results in more frequent high-risk interactions with public officials, communities, use of 
agents and intermediaries including co-developers, partnerships and alternative governance set-ups 
including joint-ventures and participation models, where influence and oversight are less direct. This 
reliance on business partners adds complexity and challenges to ensure that business is conducted in 
accordance with Statkraft’s ethical standards. The growing M&A portfolio is also particularly prone to 
risks, across both medium- and high-risk geographies. 
Statkraft has a solid compliance programme in place and ongoing risk mitigation efforts result in the 
residual risk level remaining stable. However, increased mitigation efforts are planned going forward 
given the external context, the growing activity level, and the rapid organisational changes.
If Statkraft is found to be involved in corruption or fraud this could result in regulatory fines and legal 
consequences and possible reporting to authorities and external inspection. Additional consequences could 
be loss of a project licence endangering the relevant project’s feasibility and/or assets’ operations, efforts 
and costs to establish and comply with leniency agreements and loss of reputation (including vis-a-vis 
owner's and public's expectations).
Organisational risk
Having a workforce that meets future business needs, right capacity and competence is crucial for 
profitable growth. In a fast-growing organisation as Statkraft there is a risk of organisational inefficiencies 
that can impact profitability. 
Statkraft has an ambitious strategy and operates in a cyclical business environment. This underlines the 
importance of proactive workforce planning and development. There is a need to manage risk connected to 
changes in demand for capacity and capabilities in different areas of the company, to attract talent and 
retain critical resources. Ensuring stable transition during organisational change, implementation of fit for 
purpose processes in the whole organisation and a structured approach to mobility are important activities.
Failure to manage risks associated with any of the above factors may adversely affect Statkraft’s business, 
financial condition and the Group’s financial results.
Safety and security risk
There is exposure to safety risk throughout the value chain and such risk is highest for activities carried 
out during construction, operation and maintenance work. The project portfolio adapts in line with the 
relevant strategy at any given time. When adjusting the technology portfolio, entering into new 
technologies or seeking new geographies, the risk picture evolves and a company like Statkraft which is in 
growth also faces risks associated with knowledge and experience of personnel.
Fatalities in Statkraft has on average been more than one each year for the last 10 years and there have 
been many serious accidents. Hence, the likelihood of fatal accidents remains high. The primary drivers 
for this are construction projects with high inherent safety risk as well as the growing total volume of 
activities with safety risk.
Personnel working for Statkraft may be exposed to violent crime, terrorist attack, militancy and/or civil 
unrest, either as an intended target of a threat agent, or an incidental target. Exposure to this risk varies 
across Statkraft locations and operations and is therefore to a large degree handled locally.
Failure to mitigate safety and security risk could lead to financial and human costs as a result of cessation 
or suspension of business, delays in project delivery, injuries, financial penalties and/or reputational 
damage.

--- Page 18 ---
18
Risk related to the issuer’s financial situation
Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that Statkraft incurs losses due to the failure of counterparties to honour their 
financial obligations. 
Statkraft faces credit risk when entering into transactions with financial institutions, corporates and 
providers of clearing services. Credit risk against financial institutions arises from cash or current 
accounts, cash collateral posting, cash deposits, investment in interest-bearing securities, derivative 
transactions, and incoming guarantees. Credit risk against providers of clearing services related to trading 
operations arises from margin requirements (including initial margin, variation margin and intraday 
margin calls) settled as cash payments. Statkraft also assumes credit risk when providing loans to 
associates and joint ventures.
Statkraft’s excess liquidity is mainly held in Norwegian kroner and invested across various short-term 
financial instruments such as commercial papers, time deposits and bank deposits. Credit and duration 
limits are stipulated for each counterparty based on credit ratings and total assets. Statkraft has entered into 
agreements under which collateral is transferred or received, based on the mark-to-market value of interest 
rate and foreign exchange derivatives between counterparties. Cash collateral is transferred or received on 
a weekly basis. 
Customer or counterparty default may adversely affect Statkraft’s business, financial condition and the 
Group’s financial results. 
Further, incorrect trade collection and/or reporting, intentional or unintentional, caused by errors in either 
the front or back-offices could have the effect that internal risk measurement systems are unable to 
correctly measure the Group’s exposure, which in turn could lead to unexpected losses.
Liquidity risk
The Group’s liquidity risk is the risk that the Group has insufficient funds to meet its payment obligations 
in a timely manner. Statkraft has experienced large fluctuations in its short-term liquidity need related to 
market conditions and power trading and hedging positions. There are periodically large cash flow effects 
related to cash collateral and margin requirements. The market turmoil over high power prices combined 
with large trading volumes impacts margin requirements related to financial power and commodity 
positions, and there can be high liquidity need and fluctuations in the short term. Statkraft’s strategy 
towards 2030 includes increased trading and origination activity, which implies an increased exposure to 
rapid changes in initial margin requirements and changes in working capital, which could potentially 
imply short term liquidity challenges.
Statkraft depends on the availability of funding and credit to finance, amongst other things, dividends, tax 
payments, margin requirements, future development plans and projects, and/or to refinance existing 
facilities and debt. No assurance can be given that the capital markets and/or syndication markets in which 
banks operate will be accessible and able to provide debt financing in such amounts and on such terms as 
may be required by Statkraft at the relevant time. 
Rating downgrade and outlook review
Credit ratings have a significant impact on the cost of debt financing. The Group's ability to obtain 
financing on satisfactory terms is in part dependent on credit ratings received from its rating agencies. A 
rating downgrade and/or negative outlook review will most likely have a negative impact in the form of 
reduced flexibility and increased funding cost. A rating downgrade and/or negative outlook review could 
also increase the liquidity requirement when pledging collateral for power trading, hedging positions and 
contracts, which could all have a negative impact on the Group’s cash flow. Further, the degree to which 
Statkraft is leveraged could also have important consequences for the business and may limit Statkraft’s 
funding flexibility and business operation flexibility in the long-term. 
Foreign exchange, interest rate and inflation risk
Statkraft is exposed to changes in the value of NOK relative to other currencies. Statkraft incurs currency 
risk in the form of transaction risk, mainly in connection with sale of power, investments, capital 
expenditures and divestments in foreign currencies. Currency translation risk is related to shareholdings in 
foreign subsidiaries, joint operations, and equity accounted investments. Statkraft’s settlement currency at 
the Nordpool, the Nordic power exchange, is mainly euro, and the power contracts traded in the Nordic

--- Page 19 ---
19
power exchange Nasdaq are denominated in euro. In addition, most of Statkraft’s bilateral power sales 
agreements in Norway and all power purchase and sales abroad are denominated in foreign currency. The 
objective of Statkraft’s currency hedging is to secure the values of the future cash flow in NOK exposed to 
foreign exchange risk. Hedging of foreign exchange risk is primarily done by allocating appropriate 
volumes of currency debt to the relevant cash flows.
Statkraft’s interest rate exposure is related to its debt portfolio and managed based on a balance between 
keeping interest costs low over time and contributing to stabilise the Group’s cash flows with regards to 
interest rate changes. The Group’s debt portfolio includes all external interest-bearing bonds and loans, 
commercial papers, and external interest rate derivatives in the Issuer and its subsidiaries. The most 
significant debt currencies for Statkraft are euro and NOK. The interest rate risk is monitored by having
duration as a measure. Statkraft aims to always keep the average duration of its debt portfolio within the 
range of two to five years. 
Statkraft uses interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives in addition to debt in foreign currency in its 
interest and foreign exchange management. Movements in interest rates and/or currency may cause 
hedging transaction losses. Statkraft is also exposed to interest rate risk affecting its assets under the 
Develop-Sell/Develop-Build-Sell business models. Changes in interest rates affect the discounted value of 
assets and investors’ cost of funding.
High inflation and rapidly rising wages can result in significant, unplanned increases in operational costs.
Interest rates, foreign exchange rates and rates of inflation are subject to fluctuations, which can be
difficult to predict and can have a significant impact on Statkraft’s earnings and net worth. In 2023, 
interest rates increased significantly (on the backdrop of major central banks across the world increasing 
their policy rates) and could rise again in the future, thereby increasing the Group's interest expenses 
associated with its financing arrangements, reducing cash flow available for capital investments and 
affecting its ability to service its debt.
Environmental, social and governance risks 
Human and labour rights issues at Statkraft’s sites and in the wider supply chain
Statkraft conducts human rights risk assessments, in line with legal requirements and international 
standards, looking at both the potential impact on the company and the potential impact on people and 
communities (a “double materiality” perspective). This analysis also looks at relevant mitigation activities. 
In the wider supply chain, there is a high inherent risk of forced and child labour in certain key supply 
chains, including but not limited to sourcing of minerals for solar panels and production of batteries. As
this risk is present across several tiers of the supply chain, Statkraft may be associated with significant 
negative impact on the rights of workers and children possibly involved in operations of its suppliers 
and/or sub-suppliers. 
In light of rising expectations for transparency, disclosure, and reporting on human rights, as well as new 
legal requirements such as those introduced under the Norwegian Transparency Act, there is increased 
scrutiny, focus and ultimately sanctions for breaching obligations. Further legal developments are 
expected (including those relating to EU forced labour and sustainability due diligence legislations), so the 
trend will continue towards firmer actions being expected of companies.
Statkraft’s significant construction activity and the use of various contractors in a range of settings, can 
make it challenging to ensure required human and labour rights conditions at sites for staff employed by 
its contractors. There is therefore a risk that Statkraft may be linked to and/or contributing to significant 
negative impact on labour rights of the workers employed by contractors at Statkraft’s sites.
Failure to successfully address this risk factor or to comply with relevant standards and regulations may 
have a negative impact on Statkraft’s financial condition as a result of cessation or suspension of business, 
delays in project delivery, financial penalties and/or reputational damage.
Community acceptance and indigenous rights
There is a risk that Statkraft fails to obtain necessary community consent and/or may be contributing or 
directly linked to significant negative impact on communities, including indigenous communities. Whilst 
the overall risk level remains stable, however, in certain cases (such as the Chilean Los Lagos project), the 
likelihood of the materialisation of this risk remains high.

--- Page 20 ---
20
Construction activities and the operation of assets in various locations impact local communities, including
indigenous communities. The challenges take different forms in different settings, but there is generally 
higher attention paid to community acceptance. Mitigating steps need to address critical issues such as loss 
of land and production, cultural practices connected with land use, benefit sharing, and facilitation of jobs 
or other benefits. It is important to ensure that these steps are sufficiently integrated into relevant 
processes. Where there is a direct impact on indigenous communities, there are challenges. For these 
cases, Statkraft follows up closely with the aim of finding good solutions that meet expectations and 
address potential negative human rights impacts. 
Therefore, the financial impact of this risk could be related to delays in project development and 
construction, compensation to impacted stakeholders and/or changes to concessions and reduced power 
production.
Legal and regulatory risks 
The business framework within which Statkraft operates is influenced by political decisions, including 
(but not limited to) energy market regulations, grid regulation (including the revenue scheme), tax 
regulations (including environmental taxes), changes in regulations and instructions from the Norwegian 
Water Resources and Energy Directorate (NVE), as well as the general conditions and regulations set for 
the industry at large in the Norwegian and other relevant markets. 
Political intervention in company mandate and financial framework
Political and economic policies of the Norwegian State could affect Statkraft’s business and financial 
condition. This may be reflected in decisions relating to the pursuance of Statkraft’s commercial and 
financial interests, including those relating to dividend distribution policy and/or its strategy on 
development, production and trading activities as well as potential future ownership structures. 
For a state-owned utility like Statkraft, there is always a risk of political intervention in company mandate 
and financial framework conditions. This could lead to insufficient capital or unstable framework 
conditions from the owner, such as changes in company mandate and activities. 
Going forward, the energy prices and the political situation can still pose challenges for Statkraft. If this is 
combined with unforeseen events, reputational issues or weak political reading by Statkraft, it might see 
further political interference in company mandate and activities, changes in financial framework 
conditions from the owner or even a change of ownership category.
Changes to market design
Statkraft’s profitability is heavily dependent on two key factors: market prices and the company’s ability 
to benefit from price volatility. Future power prices have a direct impact on Statkraft’s revenues and the 
value of its existing assets as well as its decisions related to investments and upgrades in existing or new 
assets. 
There is a risk that governments introduce changes in market design due to security of supply concern, 
high power prices or perceived lack of new power production. Statkraft has identified and analysed several 
regulatory risks that could impact its business, however, some scenarios are more likely to materialise than 
others.
Statkraft has limited impact on such scenarios and the risk can change quickly depending on the market 
situation and price levels. Several legislative proposals have been discussed at an EU and national level. 
The proposals considered most relevant for Statkraft are:

subsidisation of non-profitable production

split of German bidding zone

changes to MiFID II
The risk of the above listed or similar legislative changes being introduced in Norway and/or EU Member 
States is considered high, due to the strong political wish. The implementation of any such legislative 
measures could lead to changes to the current market design and could have a material impact on 
Statkraft's revenues and the value of its assets.

--- Page 21 ---
21
Loss of flexible hydropower production
Hydropower does have a significant local environmental footprint. Improving the concessions’ 
environmental conditions is of high priority in Norway and the EU, partly driven by the EU Water 
Framework Directive. All Norwegian concessions given in accordance with “Vassdragsreguleringsloven” 
are subject to Revision of Terms (RoT), a process driven by NVE with the aim to improve the 
environmental conditions. In Sweden, a similar process is ongoing where updated concession terms will be 
concluded through the court system. There are potentially significant negative financial impacts from these 
processes. 
Statkraft observes an increasing political and public debate on nature and circular economy, in addition to 
climate, both within the EU and Norway. It is likely that this will impact both singular decisions in the 
RoT and overall shape future legislation and frameworks. Hence, in addition to the long-term financial 
risk, it may have a reputational consequence. New restrictions will also have a negative impact on 
Statkraft’s generation flexibility and, in some watercourses, the flood damping capability.
Statkraft has put substantial effort to increase the understanding and awareness of the impact of the RoT 
processes. For Norway, the risk of flexibility loss and the cumulative effect on the power system have
been analysed and widely discussed with public stakeholders. 
Risks related to disputes 
Statkraft is involved in a number of legal proceedings in various forms. For legal disputes, in which the 
Group assesses it to be probable that an economic outflow will be required to settle the obligation, 
provisions have been made based on management’s best estimate. In future years, Statkraft may incur 
losses due to: (i) uncertainty regarding the final outcome of each proceeding; (ii) the occurrence of new 
developments that were not taken into consideration when evaluating the likely outcome of each 
proceeding in order to accrue the risk provisions as of the date of the latest financial statements, or to 
judge a negative outcome only as possible, or to conclude that a contingency loss could not be estimated 
reliably; (iii) the emergence of new evidence and information; and (iv) underestimation of probable future 
losses due to circumstances that are often inherently difficult to estimate.
Certain proceedings in which Statkraft or its subsidiaries are, or have been, a party involve the alleged 
breach of tax regulations or possible invalid concession due to the Ministry’s (as defined below) breach of 
political rights. Such proceedings are described in the notes to Statkraft’s audited consolidated annual 
financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024, under the heading “Note 35 –
Disputes, contingencies and uncertain tax positions” (as incorporated by reference in this Offering 
Circular). Non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, by Statkraft, its officers and employees, 
its partners, agents or others that act on the Group’s behalf, could expose Statkraft and its employees to 
penalties and could be damaging to Statkraft’s reputation and shareholder value.
Other Regulatory Issues
Statkraft is subject to a number of different environmental laws, regulations, environmental expectations 
and reporting requirements. Costs are incurred for prevention, control, abatement or elimination of 
releases into the air and water, as well as in the disposal and handling of wastes at operating facilities. 
Expenditures of a capital nature include (but are not limited to) remedial measures on existing power and 
heat facilities, measures arising from the construction of new production facilities and power lines and the 
regulation of water flow all of which could impact materially on Statkraft’s results, as could liability due 
to failure for any reason to satisfy applicable requirements. There is a general trend of increasing 
regulation of the energy market, in particular in the EU, with stricter rules and sanctions, as well as more 
comprehensive requirements for reporting.
The EU and international regulatory framework may influence the supply and demand for electricity and 
hence the price of electricity as well as generation costs. This is true both for greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emission allowances and for support schemes for new renewable generation capacity. The price of carbon 
emission rights is transferred into the wholesale electricity market and will influence Statkraft indirectly 
through the power price. 
Governments within and outside Europe have high ambitions to increase the share of renewables in the 
electricity generation mix. In order to incentivise investments in new renewables, attractive support 
schemes have been established to enhance the profitability. For many investments, Statkraft is relying on 
such support. Therefore, the retention of such support schemes and markets is important, and changes in, 
or abolishment of, these schemes may have a direct influence on Statkraft’s revenue or profits and its 
future investment plans in the different markets.

--- Page 22 ---
22
Regulatory framework conditions in various jurisdictions can influence Statkraft's production, costs and 
revenues. Statkraft therefore carefully considers any uncertainties relating to local regulatory conditions 
when making investment decisions abroad. Possible changes in the political landscape are also considered, 
and the maintenance of an open dialogue and good relationships with decision-makers in all relevant 
markets is a priority to Statkraft. 
All changes affecting any of the above-mentioned factors may have adverse consequences for Statkraft’s 
operating results, financial condition, and prospects.
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued
under the Programme
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features:
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar return
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes 
convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those 
Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.
Floating Rate Notes
A holder of Floating Rate Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate 
Notes in advance. In the event that the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns 
negative, the interest rate will be below the margin, if any, and may be zero and accordingly, the holders 
of Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest periods.  Neither 
the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the 
future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes.
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities.

--- Page 23 ---
23
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as ‘Green Bonds’, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may describe such Notes as “Green 
Bonds”, or otherwise provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net
proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for Eligible Projects (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” 
below) that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes pursuant to the Issuer’s Green 
Finance Framework (as defined below) as in effect at the time of the issue of such Notes. A prospective 
investor in the Notes should have regard to the information in this Offering Circular and the applicable 
Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information (together with any other investigation that such investor deems necessary, including a review 
of the Issuer’s then-applicable Green Finance Framework) regarding such use of proceeds and consult 
with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in any such Notes. In addition, the 
Issuer’s Green Finance Framework can be amended by the Issuer from time to time. In particular no 
assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or standards (including any standards 
resulting from the adoption of the consolidated text in relation to Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 (the EU 
Green Bond Regulation) on 10 May 2023 (which entered into force on 20 December 2023, with most 
provisions applying from 21 December 2024) which establishes a voluntary label (the European Green 
Bond Standard) for European green bonds and lays down uniform requirements for issuers that wish to 
use the designation “European Green Bond” or “EuGB”), or by its own by-laws or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any relevant Eligible 
Projects. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme, and the intended use of an amount equivalent to 
the net proceeds from the issuance of such Notes, and any related reporting, assessments, opinions and/or 
certifications, will not be issued with a view to complying with the EU Green Bond Regulation and are not 
intended or expected to comply with the EU Green Bond Regulation. Any Green Bonds issued under the 
Programme will be issued with the intention to comply with applicable criteria and processes set out in the 
Issuer’s Green Finance Framework only. It is not clear if the establishment under the EU Green Bond
Regulation of the “European Green Bond” or “EuGB” label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds 
issued as “environmentally sustainable” could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, 
green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the “EuGB” label  or the optional 
disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds that do not comply with those standards proposed 
under the EU Green Bond Regulation.
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label (including as a result of the 
introduction of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy (as defined below) and similar classifications 
schemes in other jurisdictions) and, if developed in the future, such Eligible Projects may not reflect these 
developments. A basis for the determination of what may constitute a “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or 
equivalently-labelled project has been established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of 
the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy). The EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy has been subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European 
Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives 
set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation (including, for example, through Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 (including as amended by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2022/1214)). The alignment of the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework with the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy or any other sustainability framework (including, but not limited to, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018), is not 
certain and no assurance is or can be given (whether by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person) to any
investor that (a) any Eligible Projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects will meet 
any or all of such investor’s expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-
labelled performance objectives or investment criteria (including any future requirements of the European

--- Page 24 ---
24
Green Bond Standard), or (b) that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects.
The Issuer has published a Green Finance Framework that may be updated from time to time and which is 
available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.statkraft.com/IR/funding/green-finance-framework/ (as it 
may be updated from time to time, the Green Finance Framework). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer’s Green Finance Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Offering Circular. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) 
which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes as Green Bonds 
(including any second party opinion) and any Eligible Projects, an whether any of them fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such report, 
assessment, opinion (including, but not limited to, any second party opinion) or certification is not, nor 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering Circular. Any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such report, assessment, opinion 
or certification is only current as of the date it was initially issued and the criteria and/or considerations 
that underlie such report, assessment, opinion or certification may change at any time. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such reports, assessments,
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of Euronext Dublin or Euronext 
Oslo Børs, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Eligible Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing or admission to 
trading may vary between Euronext Dublin and Euronext Oslo Børs. No representation or assurance is 
given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes. 
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes issued by it as 
Green Bonds for Eligible Projects and to obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions 
and certifications in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework; 
however, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for such Eligible Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. None of the Arranger, any Dealer or any 
of their respective affiliates shall be responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the application of the net 
proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) of such Notes issued under the Programme and nor will they verify or 
monitor the application of the net proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) of such Notes issued under the 
Programme.
An amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds specified for Eligible Projects 
which, from time to time, are not allocated as funding for Eligible Projects, are intended by the Issuer to be 
held pending allocation in accordance with the liquidity management policy of the Issuer’s Treasury 
Department. There can be no assurance, and the Issuer does not undertake to ensure, that there are at any 
time sufficient Eligible Projects to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of 
such Notes specified for Eligible Projects in full.
Any such event or failure to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of such Notes to 
Eligible Projects or to obtain and publish (and/or the withdrawal of) any such reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications, will not: (i) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or a breach or

--- Page 25 ---
25
violation of any term of the Notes, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose, or permit the 
Trustee or any Noteholder to accelerate the Notes or take any other enforcement action against the Issuer; 
(ii) give rise to any other claim of a holder of such Notes against the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer 
and/or any of their respective affiliates; or (iii) lead to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem the 
Notes or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes.
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds for any Eligible 
Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification or any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes 
no longer being listed and/or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as aforesaid may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are 
intended to finance Eligible Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.
Investors should refer to the Issuer's website and the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework (as further 
described in “Use of Proceeds” below) for further information.
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such benchmarks
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks (such as, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, 
a Reference Rate) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and reform aimed at 
supporting the transition to robust benchmarks. Most reforms have now reached their planned conclusion 
(including the transition away from LIBOR), and “benchmarks” remain subject to ongoing monitoring.  
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU.  It, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators 
that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) triggering changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of national or 
international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the Rate 
of Interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate will be 
determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that the Issuer determines 
that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred.

--- Page 26 ---
26
If a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) at any time when any Rate of Interest (or component thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, such fallback arrangements include the possibility that:
(a)
the relevant Rate of Interest (or component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (each as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) determined by an Independent Adviser (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes); and
(b)
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is so determined, an 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) shall also be 
determined by the relevant Independent Adviser,
in each case as more fully described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Investors should note that 
the relevant Independent Adviser will have discretion to determine the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(which may be positive, negative or zero) in the circumstances described in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, and in any event an Adjustment Spread may not be effective in reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).
In addition, the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, may also specify changes to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread.
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (including with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread) will still result in any such Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the originally specified Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
expected or intended at the relevant time.
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments 
described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be 
no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be 
favourable to each Noteholder.
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may 
result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on 
the Relevant Screen Page.
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark 
replacement provisions of the Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
referencing a benchmark.
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, where the Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being determined by reference to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), the Rate of Interest will 
be determined on the basis of a compounded daily rate (as further described in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes). SONIA differs from the form of GBP London inter-bank offered rate that was available 
prior to 31 December 2021 (GBP LIBOR) in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) 
that a compounded daily rate will be determined by reference to backwards-looking, compounded, risk-
free overnight rates, whereas GBP LIBOR was expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
included a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that SONIA may 
behave materially differently as an interest reference rate for Notes issued under the Programme compared

--- Page 27 ---
27
to GBP LIBOR or other inter-bank offered rates. The use of SONIA as a reference rate for Eurobonds is 
nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in 
the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing 
SONIA.
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing SONIA should be aware that the market 
continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an 
alternative to GBP LIBOR. Market participants, industry participants and/or central bank-led working 
groups have explored compounded and weighted average rates and observation methodologies for such 
rates (including so-called ‘shift’, ‘lag’ and ‘lock-out’ methodologies) and forward-looking ‘term’ SONIA 
reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a 
designated term) have also been, and are being, developed. The adoption of SONIA may also see 
component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from GBP LIBOR or another 
reference rate to SONIA.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that 
reference SONIA issued under this Offering Circular. In addition, the methodology for determining the 
SONIA compounded index, by reference to which the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Floating Rate 
Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated, could change during the life of any Notes. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-referenced Notes issued by it under the 
Programme. The nascent development of SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond market, as 
well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the 
market price of any SONIA-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time.
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of any Notes referencing SONIA. 
As SONIA and the SONIA compounded index are published by the administrator of SONIA based upon 
data from other sources, the Issuer has no control over their determination, calculation or publication. The 
Bank of England as administrator of SONIA (or any successor thereto) may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA 
is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to 
the publication of SONIA. There can also be no assurance that the Bank of England’s methodology for 
determining the SONIA compounded index, or its guidance for calculating compounded SONIA rates by 
reference to such index, will not change over time. If the manner in which SONIA and/or the SONIA 
compounded index is calculated is changed, then that change may result in a reduction of the amount of 
interest payable on the relevant Notes, which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. 
In addition, the administrator of SONIA may withdraw, modify, amend, suspend or discontinue the 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA, respectively, in its sole discretion and without notice and has no 
obligation to consider the interests of holders of the Floating Rate Notes in calculating, withdrawing, 
modifying, amending, suspending or discontinuing SONIA. There can be no guarantee that SONIA or the 
SONIA compounded index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference such rates (or that any 
applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will 
provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Noteholders).
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
28
The Rate of Interest on Notes which reference SONIA will be capable of being determined only near the 
end of the relevant Interest Period
The Rate of Interest on Notes which reference SONIA is only capable of being determined at the end of 
the relevant Interest Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Accordingly, it 
may be difficult for investors in such Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be 
payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to GBP LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing SONIA become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not 
an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes 
become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
Risks related to Notes generally
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders 
that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such.
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (as defined in Condition 5(b)(viii)(C)) in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in 
Condition 5(b) without the requirement for the consent and approval of Noteholders or Couponholders.
A Restructuring Plan implemented pursuant to Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 may modify or 
disapply certain terms of the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or 
may affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a 
Plan) with its creditors (and members, if relevant) under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 to 
eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of those financial difficulties.  Providing that one 
class (who would receive a payment, or have a genuine economic interest in the Issuer) has approved the 
Plan, and in the view of the English courts any dissenting class(es) who did not approve the Plan are no 
worse off under the Plan than they would be in the event of the “relevant alternative” (such as, broadly, 
liquidation or administration), then the English court can sanction the Plan where it would be a proper 
exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding on all creditors and members regardless of whether 
they approved it and may, therefore, adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of 
their investment in the Notes where it has the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the 
Notes.
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Offering Circular. In particular, potential investors should note 
that any such change in applicable law or administrative practice could materially adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 29 ---
29
Norwegian Withholding Tax 
In Norway, withholding tax of 15 per cent. (unless a lower rate is provided in an applicable tax treaty)
applies to interest payments made to related enterprises resident within low-tax jurisdictions. For 
recipients of interest payments who are related enterprises and tax resident within a low-tax jurisdiction 
within the EEA, the withholding tax is not applicable if the recipient fulfils certain substance requirements 
(including that such related enterprise must be genuinely established and perform genuine economic 
activities within the EEA). The withholding tax only applies to interest payments made to such related 
enterprises (i.e., (a) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, is at least 50 per cent. owned or 
controlled, by the Issuer, (b) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls at least 50 
per cent. of the Issuer, or (c) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, is at least 50 per cent. owned 
or controlled by a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls at least 50 per cent. of the 
Issuer). If any withholding or deduction is required to be made for or on account of the aforementioned 
withholding tax, payments by the Issuer to holders of Notes who are related enterprises of the Issuer may 
be affected as the Issuer is not obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect thereof pursuant to 
Condition 8.1(iii) (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) and Condition 8.2(ii) (in the case of VPS 
Notes).
In December 2022, an expert committee submitted its report on the Norwegian tax system (NOU 2022: 20 
Et helhetlig skattesystem). The report contained a thorough review of the Norwegian tax system, and 
proposed several amendments, including suggestions that would broaden the scope of withholding tax on 
interest payments. Firstly, the committee suggested that withholding tax on interest payments should not 
be limited to payments where the recipient is a tax resident of a low-tax jurisdiction. Secondly, the 
committee suggested abandoning the exemption for recipients within the EEA that fulfils certain substance 
requirements, and instead introduce a net based tax model where the recipient within the EEA is entitled to 
deduct costs related to the interest income which is subject to withholding tax. 
The committee’s report was issued for public consultation with a deadline for responses that ended on 15 
April 2023. The Ministry of Finance has so far not made any legislative proposals to the Parliament about 
amendments of the scope of withholding tax on interests based on the committee's report or the responses 
received through the public consultation. The Ministry of Finance has not indicated that it will provide 
such legislative proposals to the Parliament in the near future, although its possibility cannot be excluded.
Potential Issuer Redemption for Tax Reasons
If the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having the power to tax, as provided and as more fully described in Condition 
8 (in the case of both Notes other than VPS Notes and VPS Notes), the Issuer may (subject to the 
conditions set out therein) exercise its right to redeem the Notes prior to their maturity pursuant to 
Condition 7(b) (in the case of both Notes other than VPS Notes and VPS Notes).
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without 
first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with 
the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 30 ---
30
Risks related to the market generally
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk:
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a 
single investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal.
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if subsequent changes in market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of 
the Fixed Rate Notes.
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer and/or the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of 
the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 31 ---
31
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a 
UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 32 ---
32
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following information, which has previously been published, shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Offering Circular:
(a)
the information set out in, the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated 
annual financial statements of the Issuer for each of the financial years ended (i) 31 December 2023 
(which appear on pages 109 to 225 (inclusive) of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2023 and which can be found at https://www.statkraft.com/globalassets/0/.com/6-
investor-relations/reports-and-presentations/2023/q4/statkraft-as---annual-report-2023.pdf) and the 
section titled “Key figures and Alternative Performance Measures” (which appears on pages 269 to 
274 (inclusive) of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2023) and (ii) 31 
December 2024 (which appear on pages 168 to 300 (inclusive) of the annual report of the Issuer for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2024
and 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at
https://www.statkraft.com/globalassets/0/.com/6-investor-relations/reports-and-
presentations/2024/q4/statkraft-as---annual-report-2024.pdf) and the sections titled “Key figures”
and “Alternative Performance Measures” (which appear on page 322 and pages 323 to 324
(inclusive) respectively of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2024);
and
(b)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Offering Circulars dated:
(1)
5 April 2024 (on pages 48 to 87 (inclusive)), which can be found at 
https://www.statkraft.com/globalassets/0/.com/6-investor-
relations/funding/emtn/2024/offering-circular.pdf
(2)
30 March 2023 (on pages 47 to 86 (inclusive)), which can be found at 
https://stories.statkraft.no/globalassets/0/.com/6-investor-
relations/funding/emtn/2023/offering-circular.pdf
(3)
28 March 2022 (on pages 45
to 84 (inclusive)), which can be found at 
https://www.statkraft.com/globalassets/0/.com/6-investor-relations/05-investor-relations/6-
funding/emtn/2022/offering-circular.pdf
each prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.
In addition to the above, the following information shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Offering 
Circular as and when it is published on https://www.statkraft.com/IR/results-reports-and-presentations/ :
(c)
the information set out in the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated 
annual financial statements (including notes thereto) of the Issuer as well as the section titled “Key 
figures and Alternative Performance Measures” in any annual report published by the Issuer after 
the date of this Offering Circular; and
(d)
the information set out in the consolidated unaudited interim financial statements (including notes 
thereto) of the Issuer as well as the section titled “Alternative Performance Measures” in any 
interim report published by the Issuer after the date of this Offering Circular.
Information incorporated by reference pursuant to paragraphs (c) and (d) above shall, to the extent 
applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Offering Circular.
Following the publication of this Offering Circular, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any information incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Offering Circular or in information which is 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular.
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the information incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular.
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the descriptions set out above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular.

--- Page 33 ---
33
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34
FORM OF THE NOTES
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, registered 
form, without interest coupons attached or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form. 
Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and Registered Notes 
will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or otherwise in private transactions 
that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series of Registered Notes, the Registered Notes of 
each Tranche of such Series offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-
U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a Regulation S Global Note which 
will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, the Depositary Trust 
Company (DTC) for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. With respect to all offers 
or sales by a Dealer of an unsold allotment or subscription and in any case prior to expiry of the 
Distribution Compliance Period applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation 
S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person (save as 
otherwise provided in Condition 2) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer. Regulation S Global Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes 
only in the limited circumstances as more fully described in Condition 2. Terms used in this paragraph 
shall have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in 
private transactions: (i) to QIBs; or (ii) to Institutional Accredited Investors and who execute and deliver 
an IAI Investment Letter (as defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") in which they agree to 
purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof.
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Restricted Global Note 
which will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, 
under the circumstances described in Condition 2 to receive physical delivery of Definitive Registered 
Notes.
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive 
form, registered in the name of the holder thereof. Such Definitive Registered Notes issued to 
Institutional Accredited Investors and any Restricted Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions 
on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions.
Payments of principal of the Registered Notes will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made 
to the persons shown on the Register at the close of business on the business day immediately prior to the 
relevant payment or delivery date. Payments of interest on Registered Notes will be made on the relevant 
payment date to the person in whose name such Notes are registered on the Record Date (as defined in 
Condition 6) immediately preceding such payment date. None of the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, 
any Paying Agent, the Exchange Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests.
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially represented by a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) without interest coupons or talons. If the Global 
Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), and if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, 
the Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary 
(the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing 
system. Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.

--- Page 35 ---
35
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Principal Paying Agent.
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either (a) for interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same series without interest 
coupons or talons or (b) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same series with, where applicable, interest 
coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the second sentence of the immediately 
preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the 
United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a 
Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount 
due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Each exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note or definitive Bearer Notes, as the case may be, and each exchange of an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note for definitive Bearer Notes, shall be made outside the United States.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amount on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached (i) upon not less than 60 days' written notice being given to the Principal Paying Agent by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the 
Permanent Global Note; or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described therein. 
Exchange Event means (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no 
alternative clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 8 which would not be required were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two 
directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common depositary or the common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their behalf (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Principal Paying Agent.
Tranches of Bearer Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to 
form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be 
assigned (where applicable) a CUSIP number, a common code and/or an ISIN which are different from 
the CUSIP number, common code and/or ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series

--- Page 36 ---
36
until the end of the Distribution Compliance Period. At the end of the Distribution Compliance Period, 
the CUSIP number, common code and ISIN, as the case may be, thereafter applicable to the Notes of the 
relevant Series will be notified by the Principal Paying Agent to the relevant Dealer.
All Notes, other than VPS Notes, will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement.
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a bearer global Note deposited with a common 
safekeeper or a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or so long as DTC or its 
nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or so long as a Note is a VPS Note, each 
person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC or the VPS, as the case may be, as entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or its nominee 
or the VPS as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be deemed to be the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than (in the case only of Notes not being VPS 
Notes) with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose such common 
depositary or common safekeeper or, as the case may be, DTC or its nominee shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
global Note and the Agency Agreement (and the expression Noteholder and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly).
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to exchange or transfer that 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in each case, to the extent applicable.
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note.
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with the 
VPS. Legal title to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS. Issues of 
VPS Notes will be constituted by the Trust Deed. On the issue of such VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a 
letter to the Trustee, with copies sent to the Principal Paying Agent and the VPS Account Manager (the 
VPS Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of Final 
Terms attached thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter, including the applicable Final Terms, 
to the VPS and notification to the VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant 
Dealer, the account operator acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder 
with the VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid.
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in the VPS will take place two
Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS 
Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS.
The following legend will appear on all global Bearer Notes and definitive Bearer Notes (other than 
Temporary Global Notes), and on all interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986.”
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons.
Any reference in this section “Form of the Notes” to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC and/or the VPS shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any

--- Page 37 ---
37
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee.
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be 
continuing.

--- Page 38 ---
38
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES
ONLY TARGET MARKET –
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES
ONLY TARGET MARKET
–
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor)/distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID 
II][Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]3
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
1
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to MiFID II and
following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.
2
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to UK MiFIR and
if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.
3
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 39 ---
39
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]4
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) -
[Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)].]5
[Date]
STATKRAFT AS
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900TH4OAW7WYG1777
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €9,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Offering Circular dated 28 March 2025 which[, as modified by a supplement to the Offering Circular 
dated [    ],] constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation)/the Prospectus Regulation] (the Offering Circular). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Offering 
Circular 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin .]
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular dated [    ] which are incorporated by reference in the 
Offering Circular dated 28 March 2025 and are attached hereto. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 28 March 2025 [and the supplement to it dated [    ],] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering 
Circular). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The 
Offering 
Circular 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin .]
1.
Issuer:
Statkraft AS
2.
(i)
Series Number:
[
]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[
]
(iii)
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a single Series:
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [
] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about 
[
]][Not Applicable]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[
]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount
(i)
Series:
[
]
(ii)
Tranche:
[
]
4
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.
5
Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 40 ---
40
5.
Issue Price:
[
] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [     ]]
6.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[
]/[[€100,000] and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].]
(b)
Calculation 
Amount
(in 
relation 
to 
calculation of interest for Notes in global 
form or Registered definitive form, see 
Conditions):
[
]
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[
]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[[
]/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Fixed rate – specify date/
Floating rate – Interest Payment Date
falling in [or nearest to] [    ]]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[
] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[[
] 
month 
EURIBOR/STIBOR/
NIBOR] [Compounded Daily SONIA] +/–
[
] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(see paragraph [14] [15] [16] below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early 
redemption, 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [99] [100]
[101] per cent. of their nominal amount
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but 
excluding) [   ] paragraph [14/15] applies and 
for the period from (and including) [   ], up 
to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [14/15] applies][Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Not Applicable]
[Issuer Call]
[Investor Put]
[Change of Control Put]
[Make-Whole Redemption]
[Issuer Residual Call]
[see paragraph [18] [19] [20] [21] [22]
below)]
13.
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained:
[           ]]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[
] in each year, commencing on [        ],
up to and including the Maturity Date
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) (and in relation to 
Notes in global or Registered definitive 
form, see Conditions):
[
] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 41 ---
41
(iv)
Broken Amount(s) (and in relation to Notes 
in global or Registered definitive form, see 
Conditions):
[[
] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on]] 
[Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
(vi)
Determination Date(s):
[[
] in each year][Not Applicable]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment 
Dates:
[
][subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(ii) below/ not subject to adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (ii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]
(ii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable]
(iii)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[
]
(iv)
Party responsible for calculation the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent):
[
][Not Applicable] (the Calculation 
Agent)
(v)
Screen Rate Determination
–
Reference Rate:
[
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/
NIBOR] [Compounded Daily SONIA]
–
Interest Determination Date(s):
[
]
–
Relevant Screen Page:
[
]
–
Specified Time:
[[     ] [Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo] time][Not 
Applicable]
–
Index Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
–
Observation Method:
[Lag][Observation Shift][Not Applicable]
–
Lag Period:
[[Five][specify 
other] 
London 
Banking 
Days][Not Applicable]
–
Observation Shift Period:
[[Five][specify 
other] 
London 
Banking 
Days][Not Applicable]
–
Relevant Number:
[[Five][specify 
other] 
London 
Banking 
Days][Not Applicable]
(N.B. When setting the Lag Period, the 
Observation Shift Period or the Relevant 
Number, as applicable, for Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the practicalities 
of this period should be discussed with the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest. "p" should be no fewer than five 
London Banking Days unless otherwise 
agreed with the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest in relation to the relevant 
issuance)
(vi)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of

--- Page 42 ---
42
interest 
for 
the 
[long/short] 
[first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation]
(vii)
Margin(s):
[+/–] [
] per cent. per annum
(viii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(ix)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(x)
Floating Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Accrual Yield:
[
] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:
[
]
(iii)
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts and late payment:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
Notice periods for Condition 7(b):
Minimum period: [30] days
Maximum period: [60] days
18.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[
]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s):
[[
] per Calculation Amount]
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable / Not Applicable, as the Notes 
may only be redeemed in whole (but not in 
part)]
(a)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[
]
(b)
Higher Redemption Amount:
[
]
(iv)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
19.
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[
]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[
] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
20.
Change of Control Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
21.
Make-Whole Redemption:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Make-Whole Redemption Date(s):
[      ]
(ii)
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:
[[       ] basis points/Not Applicable]
(iii)
Reference Bond:
[CA Selected Bond/[       ]]
(iv)
Quotation Time:
[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[       ]] 
time/Not Applicable]
(v)
Reference Bond Rate Determination 
[The [       ] Business Day preceding the

--- Page 43 ---
43
Day:
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date/Not 
Applicable]
(vi)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable, as the Notes 
may only be redeemed in whole (but not in 
part)]
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[       ]
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[       ]
(vii)
Notice periods (if other than as set 
out in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes):
[      ]
22.
Issuer Residual Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount:
[         ] per Calculation Amount
23.
Final Redemption Amount:
[
] per Calculation Amount
24.
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default:
[
] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
25.
Form of Notes
(a)
Form:
[Bearer Notes:
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event]
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on and 
after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 
days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]]
[Registered Notes:
Regulation S Global Note ([currency] [
]
nominal amount)/Restricted Global Note 
([currency][
] 
nominal 
amount)/ 
Definitive Registered Notes([        ])
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book 
entry]
(The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of 
the Notes in paragraph 6(a) includes 
language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000])
(b)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No]

--- Page 44 ---
44
26.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable][    ]
27.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes:
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No.]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[    ] has been extracted from [    ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [    ], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 45 ---
45
Signed on behalf of Statkraft AS:
By
.............................................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 46 ---
46
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing and Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Dublin’s
regulated market] [Euronext Oslo Børs] [and 
listing on the Euronext Dublin Official List]
with effect from [
].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Dublin’s
regulated 
market] [Euronext Oslo Børs] [and listing on 
the Euronext Dublin Official List] with effect 
from [
].]
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[
]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [    ] by [    ].
[[Each of][     ] is established in the EEA and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
CRA 
Regulation).]/[Each of][     ] is established in 
the UK and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
UK CRA Regulation).]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.]
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to [            ] (the 
[Managers/Dealers]), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has 
an interest material to the offer. Manager[s]/Dealer[s]] and [its/their] affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and
may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business –
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.]
4.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[
] per cent. per annum
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.
5.
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION
AND 
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
ISIN:
[
]
(ii)
Common Code:
[
]
(iii)
US ISIN:
[
]
(iv)
144A CUSIP:
[
]

--- Page 47 ---
47
(v)
Regulation S CINS:
[
]
(vi)
CFI:
[[
], as updated as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Number 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]
(vii)
FISN:
[[
], as updated as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Number 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]
(viii)
Any clearing system(s) other than DTC,
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg
and the relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/[    ]/Verdipapirsentralen
ASA, Norway. VPS identification number: 
[
]. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain 
certain 
information from the 
register 
maintained by the VPS for the purposes of 
performing its obligations under the issue of 
VPS Notes]
(ix)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(x)
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[
][Not Applicable]
(xi)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)
(xii)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the 
Notes 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)
(xiii)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling 
restriction)
(xiv)
[Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors only:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
(Consider deleting this subparagraph if no 
sales are being made to Singapore.)
(If the Notes are offered to Institutional 
Investors 
and 
Accredited 
Investors 
in

--- Page 48 ---
48
Singapore only, “Applicable” should be 
specified. 
If the Notes are also offered to investors 
other 
than 
Institutional 
Investors 
and 
Accredited Investors in Singapore, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified, however, 
parties, should
consider the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore’s Notice on Business 
Conduct 
Requirements 
for 
Corporate 
Finance Advisers on 23 February 2023 and 
the related due diligence requirements, and
“Not Applicable” should only be specified if 
no corporate finance advice is given by any 
Manager or Dealer.)]
(xv)
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/[No.  Whilst the designation is 
specified as "no" at the date of these Final 
Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper.  Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]]
6.
U.S. SELLING RESTRICTIONS
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]]
7.
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i)
Use of Proceeds:
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Offering 
Circular / Green Bonds / Give details]
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the 
Offering Circular – if reasons for offer 
different from what is disclosed in the 
Offering Circular, give details)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[    ]
--

--- Page 49 ---
49
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to be issued by the Issuer which will be 
incorporated by reference into each global Note and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted 
by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue, but if not so permitted and agreed such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The following Terms and Conditions will, to the 
extent practicable and/or in the absence of any statement to the contrary, be applicable to each VPS Note. 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account 
made by the VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book 
entry system and register maintained by the VPS. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note, 
Regulation S Global Note, Restricted Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
“Applicable Final Terms” above for a description of the content of Final Terms which will include the 
definitions of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions or specify which of such terms are 
to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Statkraft AS (the Issuer) constituted by 
a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Trust Deed) dated 15 June 2006 made between the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the 
Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). References herein to the Notes shall be 
references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global 
Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Bearer Notes 
issued in exchange for a global Note, (iii) any global Note, (iv) in relation to any Notes represented by 
definitive Registered Notes, units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency, (v) any 
definitive Registered Notes, and (vi) Notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, 
(formally named Verdipapirsentralen ASA and trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (VPS Notes and the 
VPS, respectively). References herein to NGN shall mean a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note in either case where the applicable Final Terms specify the Notes as being in NGN form. The 
Notes (other than the VPS Notes) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement dated 5 April 2024 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Agency Agreement) made between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., as principal paying agent (the 
Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and as 
exchange agent (the Exchange Agent, which expression shall include any successor exchange agent) and 
as transfer agent (the Transfer Agent and, together with Citibank Europe plc, the Transfer Agents, 
which expressions shall include any successors in their capacity as such and any substitute or any 
additional transfer agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement) and Citibank Europe plc
as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and as paying agent 
(together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include any successors in their capacity as such and any substitute or any additional 
paying agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement). Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be 
created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with the VPS. Danske Bank A/S, LC & I 
Services / Issuer Services (the VPS Account Manager) will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all 
dealings with the VPS in respect of VPS Notes.
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have 
interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more 
than 27 interest payments remaining talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference 
herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons or talons.
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms, 
and which are (except in the case of VPS Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note, which complete 
these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References to the applicable Final Terms, unless 
otherwise stated, are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which (except in the 
case of VPS Notes) are attached to or endorsed on this Note.
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the Noteholders, which 
expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, and in relation to VPS Notes, be 
construed as provided below), and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the 
provisions of the Trust Deed. Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in

--- Page 50 ---
50
whose name the Notes are registered in the register and shall, in relation to any VPS Notes or Notes 
represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. VPS Notes are in dematerialised form: any 
references in these Terms and Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VPS Notes and no 
global or definitive Notes will be issued in respect thereof. These Terms and Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly.
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the 
Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee, the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be). If the Notes are to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin
(Euronext Dublin), the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable 
to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Trust Deed.
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail.
In these Terms and Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European 
Union, as amended.
1.
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes may be in bearer form (Bearer Notes), in registered form (Registered Notes) or, in the case of 
VPS Notes, in uncertificated book entry form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, in the case 
of definitive Notes, will be serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Save as provided 
in Condition 2, Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination.
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. VPS Notes may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes and vice versa.
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially represented by a temporary global Note or a permanent 
global Note (as so specified in the applicable Final Terms) each without Coupons or Talons (each, a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note as applicable). If the Global Notes are intended to 
be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Temporary Global 
Note will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the 
Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg), and if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, the 
Temporary Global Note will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
agreed clearing system. On or after the fortieth day after the date of its issue beneficial interests in a 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable upon a request as described therein either for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), in each case against certification to the effect that the beneficial owner of interests in such

--- Page 51 ---
51
Temporary Global Notes is not a U.S. person or a person who has purchased for resale to any U.S. person, 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. A Permanent Global Note will, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part for definitive Bearer Notes with, 
where applicable Coupons and Talons attached either upon not less than 60 days’ written notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent as described therein or only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
specified therein.
Bearer Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons and (if applicable) Talons attached, unless they 
are Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and 
Conditions are not applicable.
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular series of Registered Notes, Registered Notes of 
each Tranche sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S (Regulation S) under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act) will, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be represented by a permanent global Registered Note, without Coupons or 
Talons, (each, a Regulation S Global Note), deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (DTC). Notes in definitive registered form (Definitive 
Registered Notes) issued in exchange for Regulation S Global Notes or otherwise sold or transferred in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act, together with the Regulation S Global Notes, are 
referred to herein as Regulation S Notes. With respect to all offers or sales of an unsold allotment or 
subscription and in any case prior to expiry of the period that ends 40 days after the later of the relevant 
Issue Date and completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes (the Distribution Compliance 
Period), beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person (save as otherwise provided in Condition 2) and may be held only 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. After expiry of such Distribution Compliance Period, 
beneficial interests in a Regulation S Note may be held through DTC directly by a participant in DTC or 
indirectly through a participant in DTC.
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold in private transactions in reliance upon Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act to qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act 
(QIBs) will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be represented by a permanent 
global Registered Note, without Coupons or Talons (each, a Restricted Global Note and, together with 
any Regulation S Global Note, the Registered Global Notes) deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. Notes in definitive form issued in exchange for Restricted 
Global Notes or otherwise sold or transferred in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act, together with the Restricted Global Notes, are referred to herein as Restricted Notes.
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) 
under the Securities Act) (Institutional Accredited Investors) pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities 
Act or in a transaction otherwise exempt from registration under the Securities Act who agree to 
purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof will be issued as 
Definitive Registered Notes only, registered in the name of the holder thereof and will not be represented 
by a global Note or Notes.
Definitive Registered Notes issued to Institutional Accredited Investors and Restricted Global Notes 
shall bear a legend specifying certain restrictions on transfer (each, a Legend), such Notes being referred 
to herein as Legended Notes. Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon 
specific request for removal of a Legend, the Registrar shall (save as provided in Condition 2(d)) deliver 
only Legended Notes or refuse to remove such Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to 
the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are 
required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act.
Subject as otherwise provided in Condition 2, Definitive Registered Notes may be exchanged or 
transferred in whole or in part in the Specified Denominations for one or more Definitive Registered 
Notes of like aggregate nominal amount.
Each Definitive Registered Note will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the register (the Register) which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar.
Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms which, in the case 
of Registered Notes sold other than pursuant to Regulation S, shall be the Authorised Denomination (as 
defined below) and, in the case of Notes having a maturity of 183 days or less, the Specified 
Denomination shall be at least U.S.$500,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency or currencies).

--- Page 52 ---
52
Authorised Denomination means:
(i)
in the case of a Restricted Note U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and higher integral multiples of U.S.$10,000, or the higher denomination or 
denominations specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(ii)
in the case of a Definitive Registered Note which is initially offered and sold to Institutional 
Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act or in a transaction otherwise 
exempt from registration under the Securities Act, U.S.$500,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and higher integral multiples of U.S.$1,000, or the higher 
denomination or denominations specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Any minimum Authorised Denomination required by any law or directive or regulatory authority in 
respect of the currency of issue of any Note shall be such as applied on or prior to the date of issue of such 
Note.
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. Title to Registered Notes 
will pass upon registration of transfers in the register maintained by the Registrar. The Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and the Trustee may deem and treat 
the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and any person in whose name a Registered Note is registered as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or note of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. The holder of a VPS 
Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of the VPS. Title to the VPS 
Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at the VPS in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated 
by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VPS Note.
For so long as any of the Bearer Notes is represented by a bearer global Note held by a common 
safekeeper or a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each 
person (other than Euroclear, or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, any Transfer Agent and the Trustee as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Note shall be treated by the 
Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, any Transfer Agent and the Trustee as the 
holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note; for so long 
as any Note is a VPS Note, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of the VPS as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by the VPS as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, 
any Paying Agent, and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes; 
for so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Registered Global Note, DTC or its nominee, as the 
case may be, will be considered the sole holder of Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for 
all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in accordance with 
DTC’s published rules and procedures any ownership right may be exercised by its participants or 
beneficial owners through its participants; (and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly). In determining whether a particular person is entitled 
to a particular nominal amount of notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such certificate or other 
document as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or 
information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error or proven error, be conclusive and 
binding on all concerned. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or 
print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s Creation Online System) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the holder of a particular principal amount of Notes is clearly identified together with the amount 
of such holding. The Trustee shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not 
having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 53 ---
53
Notes which are represented by a global Note and VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC and/or the 
VPS, as the case may be.
References to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC and/or the VPS shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and specified in the applicable Final Terms.
2.
Exchange and Transfers of Registered Notes and VPS Notes
(a)
Exchange of interests in Registered Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes
Interests in any Registered Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes, if (i) 
DTC notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Registered 
Global Note and no alternative clearing system is available, (ii) DTC ceases to be a Clearing 
Agency registered under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) 
and no alternative clearing system is available, (iii) either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces its intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so and no 
alternative clearing system is available, (iv) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has 
occurred and is continuing with respect to such Notes, or (v) the Issuer becomes subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes in definitive form. Upon the 
occurrence of any of the events described in the preceding sentence, the Issuer will cause the 
appropriate Definitive Registered Notes to be delivered, provided that, notwithstanding the above, 
no Definitive Registered Notes will be issued until expiry of the applicable Restricted Period.
(b)
Transfers of Registered Global Notes
Transfers of any Registered Global Note shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global 
Note, in whole but not in part, to a nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s 
nominee.
(c)
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Notes
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Note to a transferee in the United States will only be made:
(i)
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which are 
available from the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor 
of the Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a 
person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A; or
(ii)
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable federal 
securities laws of the United States or any applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States,
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States
or any other jurisdiction.
In the case of (i) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global or 
definitive form and, in the case of (ii) above, such transferee may take delivery only through a 
Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period 
(a) beneficial interests in Regulation S Notes may be held through DTC directly by a participant in 
DTC or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (b) such certification requirements will no 
longer apply to such transfers.
(d)
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made:
(i)
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Note, upon receipt 
by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that 
such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, if such transfer is being

--- Page 54 ---
54
made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the 
Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or
(ii)
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note:
(A)
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or
(B)
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to delivery to the 
Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is 
being made to an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed 
investment letter from the relevant transferee substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (an IAI Investment Letter); or
(iii)
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable federal 
securities laws of the United States or any applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States;
and in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States 
or any other jurisdiction.
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or outside 
the United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs or non-U.S. 
investors through DTC and the Registrar will arrange for any Notes which are the subject of such a 
transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global Note, where applicable.
(e)
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between 
accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations of the VPS from time 
to time. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
only possible by using an account operator linked to the VPS.
(f)
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes and vice versa.
Holders of Definitive Registered Notes, other than Institutional Accredited Investors, may 
exchange such Definitive Registered Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note of the same 
type at any time.
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will be transferable 
and exchangeable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered 
Global Note only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (the Applicable Procedures).
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Definitive 
Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms) by the holder or holders surrendering the Definitive Registered Note 
for registration of the transfer of the Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Definitive Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the 
form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or 
attorneys duly authorised in writing and upon the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent, after due and careful enquiry, being satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request and subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer 
and the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent may prescribe, including any 
restrictions imposed by the Issuer on transfers of Definitive Registered Notes originally sold to a 
U.S. person. Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for

--- Page 55 ---
55
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with 
any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by mail to such address as the transferee may request, a new Definitive Registered 
Note of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of 
the Definitive Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive 
Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in respect of the balance of the Definitive 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the 
transferor) sent to the transferor.
Exchanges or transfers by a holder of a Definitive Registered Note for an interest in, or to a person 
who takes delivery of such Note through, a Registered Global Note will be made no later than 30 
days after the receipt by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent of the 
Definitive Registered Note to be so exchanged or transferred and, if applicable, upon receipt by the 
Registrar of a written certification from the transferor.
(g)
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required:
(a)
to register the transfer of Registered Notes (or parts of Registered Notes) during the period 
beginning on the 15th day before the date of the partial redemption and ending on the date on 
which notice is given specifying the serial numbers of Notes called (in whole or in part) for 
redemption (both inclusive); or
(b)
to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption.
In the event of partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption.
(h)
Closed periods
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered during the period of 
15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest or payment on that Note.
(i)
Costs of exchange or registration
Registration of transfers will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar 
or the relevant Transfer Agent, but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar 
or the relevant Transfer Agent may reasonably require) in respect of any tax or other governmental 
charges which may be imposed in relation to it.
3.
Status
The Notes and the relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to Condition 4) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank pari passu among themselves and (subject as 
aforesaid) rank and will in all material respects rank at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save as may be preferred by 
mandatory provisions of applicable law.
4.
Negative Pledge
(a)
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer undertakes 
not to create any security over its assets to secure any other Note Issues or permit any Note Issues 
issued by it to be secured by the creation of an encumbrance upon any assets of any of its 
subsidiaries, without at the same time according to the Notes, or causing to be accorded to the 
Notes, the same security (to the satisfaction of the Trustee) or such other security interest or other 
arrangement (whether or not including the giving of a security interest) as the Trustee shall in its 
absolute discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders, except 
that the Issuer shall be entitled, if so required by one or more Norwegian municipalities who has an 
ownership interest in the relevant facility and/or its production output (Co-owners), to consent to 
the creation of or create itself, an encumbrance upon any of its power generating facilities (the 
Facilities) as security for a Note Issue by one or more such Co-owners where the maximum amount 
of the security created by the Co-owners over such Facility does not exceed the amount paid or 
payable by the Co-owners to the Issuer for such co-ownership of the Facility.

--- Page 56 ---
56
(b)
For the purposes of these Conditions, Note Issue shall mean an issue of debt securities which is, or is
intended to be, or is capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-
counter or other securities market.
5.
Interest
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Notes are Bearer Notes in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to 
the Broken Amount so specified.
As used in these Terms and Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date.
Except in the case of Bearer Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(A)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes, as applicable; 
(B)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; or
(C)
in the case of Fixed Rates Notes which are VPS Notes; each Specified Denomination;
and in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, 
as applicable, to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in 
definitive form; or each Specified Denomination in the case of VPS Notes) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form 
is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denominations without any further rounding.
In these Terms and Conditions:
Day Count Fraction means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5(a):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms,
(a)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period divided by the product of 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or
(b)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of;

--- Page 57 ---
57
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(ii)
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 
one cent.
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(i)
Interest Payment Dates
A Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(A)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or
(B)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Terms and 
Conditions, Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than 
an Interest Payment Date.
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(1)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above,
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or
(2)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(3)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the

--- Page 58 ---
58
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or
(4)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means:
(A)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(B)
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and
(C)
either (1) in relation to interest payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is New Zealand dollars shall be Auckland) or (2) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open.
(ii)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified below.
(A)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA
Where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is not 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being the Euro-
zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate 
(STIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate (NIBOR), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
as at the Specified Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by, in the case of Notes other than VPS 
Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or Notes other than VPS Notes
where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent (pursuant to the terms of a calculation agency agreement between the Calculation 
Agent and the Issuer). If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of Condition 5(b)(ii)(A)(1) 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 5(b)(ii)(A)(2) 
above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time 
specified in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer (in the case of Notes other than VPS 
Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes and Notes other than VPS Notes where a

--- Page 59 ---
59
Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms), shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. Where such offered quotations are provided to the Issuer in 
accordance with the above, the Issuer shall notify the Principal Paying Agent of all 
quotations received by it. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than 
VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or 
the Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes and Notes other than VPS Notes
where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms) (the Relevant 
Agent).
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Relevant 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to the Issuer 
(and notified to the Principal Paying Agent in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes 
where no Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the Calculation 
Agent (in the case of VPS Notes and Notes other than VPS Notes where a 
Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms) by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide such offered rates, the offered rate 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Issuer (and notified to the Principal Paying Agent in the case of Notes other 
than VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or 
the Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes and Notes other than VPS Notes 
where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms) it is quoting to 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) 
or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the 
Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period).
In these Terms and Conditions:
(A)
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm 
office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market and, in the case 
of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in 
the Oslo inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer (in the case of 
Notes other than VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the

--- Page 60 ---
60
applicable Final Terms) or the Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes or 
Notes other than VPS Notes, where a Calculation Agent is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms); and
(B)
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination 
of EURIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 
12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of a determination of NIBOR).
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA – Non-Index Determination
Where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded 
Daily SONIA and Index Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Not Applicable, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 5(b)(viii) and as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with 
respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the applicable Margin (if any).
As used in these Conditions, Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the 
Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Period (with the daily SONIA 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by, in the 
case of Notes other than VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes and 
Notes other than VPS Notes where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, as applicable, as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards):
where:
d is the number of calendar days in:
(A)
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or
(B)
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;
do is the number of London Banking Days in:
(A)
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or
(B)
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing a London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in:
(A)
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or
(B)
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;
[n
do ( + SONIA ; X n;) -
] 
365 
l 
365 
l 
X d 
i.= 1

--- Page 61 ---
61
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;
ni, for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
following London Banking Day;
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; 
p means:
(A)
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the Lag
Period in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five London Banking Days); or
(B)
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified 
as the Observation Shift Period in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five London Banking Days); 
SONIA reference rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day (LBDx), 
a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) 
rate for LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following LBDx; and
SONIAi means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(A)
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or
(B)
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i".
If, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)
in respect of any London Banking Day for which the SONIA reference rate is 
required to be determined, the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other 
than VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) or the Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes and Notes other than VPS 
Notes where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms), as 
applicable, determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate is not available on 
the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then (unless the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) pursuant to Condition 5(b)(viii), if applicable) the SONIA reference 
rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be:
(A) (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) (or, if earlier, the close of business) on such London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA reference 
rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate; or

--- Page 62 ---
62
(B) if the Bank Rate under (A)(i) above is not available at the relevant time, either 
(i) the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA reference rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) or (ii) if this is more recent, the latest rate determined 
under (A) above,
and, in each case, references to the "SONIA reference rate" in this Condition 
5(b)(ii)(B) shall be construed accordingly.
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall (subject to Condition 5(b)(viii)) be:
(x)
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case 
may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(y)
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first 
scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable 
to the first scheduled Interest Period).
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, the final Rate 
of Interest shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the previous 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due 
and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long 
as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(c) and the Trust 
Deed.
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA – Index Determination
Where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded 
Daily SONIA and Index Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Applicable, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
5(b)(viii) and as provided below, be the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate with 
respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the applicable Margin (if any).
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment as calculated by, in the case of 
Notes other than VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes and 
Notes other than VPS Notes where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards):
(S_O_W_l_A_C_o_m_p_o_u_n_d_e_~_ln_·•·-d_~_B_n_d _ 1)
1 x _36_5 
\soNJA Compounded lndexsM~·t 
d

--- Page 63 ---
63
where:
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day 
in relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined;
London Banking Day has the meaning set out in Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) above;
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five);
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means the SONIA Compounded Index value 
relating to the London Banking Day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable; 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means the SONIA Compounded Index value 
relating to the London Banking Day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and
the SONIA Compounded Index means, with respect to any London Banking 
Day, the value of the SONIA compounded index that is provided by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) in respect 
of such London Banking Day. 
If, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C), the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value required to determine 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart or SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is not available on 
the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or the relevant authorised distributors by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary 
or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such 
other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Period for 
which the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value is not available shall be 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" determined in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)
above as if Index Determination had been specified in the applicable Final Terms as
being Not Applicable, and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be 
deemed to be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms.
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, the final Rate 
of Interest shall be calculated for the period from (and including) the previous 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due 
and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long 
as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(c) and the Trust 
Deed.
(iii)
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in

--- Page 64 ---
64
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest.
(iv)
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are not VPS Notes and 
where no Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the Calculation 
Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes or Notes other than VPS 
Notes where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will at or as 
soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes by applying the Rate of 
interest to:
(A)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) 
the Floating Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes, 
as applicable; 
(B)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; or
(C)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, each Specified 
Denomination;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Floating Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denominations without any further rounding.
Floating Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for 
any Interest Period:
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365” (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:

--- Page 65 ---
65
Floating Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
Y
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2







where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Floating Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
Y
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2







where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30;
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Floating Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
Y
(
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2







where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 66 ---
66
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by, 
in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or Notes 
other than VPS Notes where a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)
determines appropriate.
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate.
(vi)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
(A)
Except where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded 
Daily SONIA, in the case of Notes other the VPS Notes where no Calculation Agent is
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or Notes other than VPS Notes where a Calculation Agent is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and, in the case of VPS Notes, the 
VPS and the VPS Account Manager as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the first day of the Interest Period to which they apply and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London.
(B)
Where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is Compounded 
Daily SONIA, in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes where no Calculation 
Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Principal Paying Agent or, in 
the case of VPS Notes or Notes other than VPS Notes where a Calculation Agent is
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and, in the case 
of VPS Notes, the VPS and the VPS Account Manager, and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the second London Banking Day thereafter.  
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be

--- Page 67 ---
67
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14.
(vii)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b), whether by the Principal Paying Agent, the Independent Adviser (as defined 
below) or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the 
other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default 
and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Independent Adviser or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions.
(viii)
Benchmark Replacement
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b), if a Benchmark Event (as 
defined below) has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate at any time when any Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply:
(A)
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine, no later than 10 
days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date), a Successor Rate (as defined 
below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as defined below), and in either case an Adjustment Spread (as defined below), for 
the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) applicable to the Notes;
(B)
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance paragraph (A) above, such Successor Rate or, failing 
which, such Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread, shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future 
Interest Periods for which the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component thereof) 
was otherwise to be determined by reference to the relevant Reference Rate (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(b)(viii));
(C)
if the Independent Adviser determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, 
the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, may also specify 
changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Floating Day Count 
Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Specified Time, Business Day Convention, Business 
Day, Interest Determination Date, Reference Banks, Additional Business Centre
and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and/or the method 
for determining the fallback to the Reference Rate in relation to the Notes, in each 
case in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. The Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread (as defined below) (which may be expressed as a 
specified spread or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero)) which shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and Principal 
Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager shall, at the 
direction and expense of the Issuer, without the requirement for any consent or 
approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to use its reasonable

--- Page 68 ---
68
endeavours to effect such amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions, as applicable, as may be specified by the Independent Adviser
following consultation with the Issuer in order to give effect to this Condition 
5(b)(viii)(C) (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) provided that 
neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the 
VPS Account Manager,
shall be required to effect any such Benchmark 
Amendments if the same would impose, in the Trustee's, the Principal Paying 
Agent's or, as the case may be, the VPS Account Manager’s opinion, more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities 
or reduce, or amend its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with 
effecting the Benchmark Amendments or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer or the Trustee 
(if required).
Prior to any such Benchmark Amendments taking effect, the Issuer shall provide a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories to the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager that such 
Benchmark Amendments are, in the Issuer's reasonable opinion (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser), necessary to give effect to any 
application of this Condition 5(b)(viii)(C) and the Trustee and the Principal Paying 
Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate without further enquiry or liability to any person and without 
any obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy thereof. For the avoidance of 
doubt, each of the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes, the VPS Account Manager shall not be liable to the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any other person for so acting or relying on such certificate, 
irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of any such person. Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Condition 5(b), if in the Principal Paying Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s, as 
applicable, opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses 
of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(b), the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt. If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is not 
promptly provided with such direction, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability 
to any party for not doing so;
(D)
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, Adjustment Spread 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments give notice thereof to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account 
Manager and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders; and
(E)
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, Adjustment 
Spread is not determined by an Independent Adviser in accordance with the above 
provisions prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of 
Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions set out in Condition 5(b)(ii)(A); for the 
avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances the Rate of Interest for any subsequent 
Interest Periods shall be subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(b)(viii).
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(viii):
Adjustment Spread means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(y) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which in either case is to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which:

--- Page 69 ---
69
(1)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body (as defined below); or
(2)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or
(3)
if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (1) nor (2) above applies, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable);
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)
has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component thereof) in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and with an 
interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines that there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines in its 
sole discretion is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate;
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b)(viii)(C);  
Benchmark Event means, with respect to a Reference Rate: 
(1)
the Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or be administered; or
(2)
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference 
Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(2)(A); or
(3)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or
(4)
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Reference Rate that such Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (4)(A); or
(5)
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Reference Rate that means such Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (5)(A); or
(6)
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the VPS Account 
Manager, any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using such Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as that 
Regulation applies in the European Union and/or as it applies in the United Kingdom 
in the form retained as domestic law in the United Kingdom under the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended, if applicable); or

--- Page 70 ---
70
(7)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such
Reference Rate announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; or
(8)
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate that such Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, no longer be representative of its relevant underlying market and (B) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (8)(A);
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate:
(1)
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or
(2)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a 
successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body.
(c)
Accrual of Interest
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue
to accrue as provided in the Trust Deed.
6.
Payments
(a)
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(i)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is New Zealand dollars, shall be Auckland); and
(ii)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Paying Agents are 
subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto.
(b)
Presentation of Notes and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due,

--- Page 71 ---
71
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes) should be presented 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for 
this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if 
later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no 
event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note.
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note.
(c)
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any bearer global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant bearer global Note (against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such bearer global Note if the bearer global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form at the specified office of any Paying Agent). A record of 
each payment made against presentation or surrender of such bearer global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such bearer global 
Note by such Paying Agent to which it was presented (or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as applicable) and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made.
(d)
Payments in respect of Registered Notes
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal (if any) prior to the final instalment) in 
respect of Registered Notes (whether in definitive or global form) will be made in the manner 
specified in paragraph (a) to the persons in whose name such Notes are registered at the close of 
business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in 
the city where the Registrar is located) immediately prior to the relevant payment date against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only of any sum due, endorsement) of 
such Registered Notes at the specified office of the Registrar or any Paying Agent.
Payments of interest due on a Registered Note (whether in definitive or global form) and payments 
of instalments of principal (if any) due on a Registered Note (other than the final instalment) will be 
made in the manner specified in paragraph (a) to the person in whose name such Registered Note is 
registered (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or DTC as applicable) are open for business 
before the relevant due date and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the 
fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day (being for this purpose a day on

--- Page 72 ---
72
which banks are open for business in the city where the Registrar is located) (the Record Date)) 
prior to such due date.
If payment in respect of any Registered Notes is required by transfer as referred to in paragraph (a) 
above, application for such payment must be made by the holder to the Registrar not later than the 
relevant Record Date.
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in 
respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by 
transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on 
behalf of DTC or its nominee for payment in such Specified Currency or conversion into U.S. 
dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.
(e)
Payments in respect of VPS Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes will be made to the Noteholders shown 
in the records of the VPS in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to 
time governing the VPS.
(f)
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by 
the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of any Bearer 
Note is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest will be made 
at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if:
(i)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;
(ii)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and
(iii)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.
(g)
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is:
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in:
(A)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;
(B)
each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;
(ii)
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which T2 is open;
(iii)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is New Zealand dollars shall be Auckland), or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which T2 is open; and

--- Page 73 ---
73
(iv)
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in 
respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial 
banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City.
(h)
Interpretation of Principal and Interest
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable:
(i)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed;
(ii)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(iii)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(iv)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(v)
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(vi)
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and
(vii)
any premium and any other amounts other than interest which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes.
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed.
7.
Redemption and Purchase
(a)
At maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons
Subject to Condition 7(g), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent (or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Trustee and the VPS Account Manager) 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the 
Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that:
(i)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Norway or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; and
(ii)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee (i) and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager, (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and

--- Page 74 ---
74
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent Kingdom of Norway accountants or 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to accept the certificate (without further enquiry or liability to any person and without any 
obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of 
the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders.
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7(g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption.
(c)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given:
(i)
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; and
(ii)
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the 
Trustee and to the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of a redemption of VPS Notes) the 
Trustee and the VPS Account Manager;
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a Higher 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, and in 
accordance with the rules of the VPS, in the case of VPS Notes, in each case not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted 
during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date.
(d)
Make-Whole Redemption
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given:
(i)
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14; and
(ii)
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the 
Trustee and to the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of a redemption of VPS Notes) the 
Trustee and the VPS Account Manager;
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Make-
Whole Redemption Date)), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Make-Whole 
Redemption Date and at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date. If redemption in 
part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of

--- Page 75 ---
75
a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will be selected individually by 
lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, and in accordance with 
the rules of the VPS, in the case of VPS Notes, in each case on a Selection Date not more than 30 
days prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date. No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the 
Selection Date to (and including) the Make-Whole Redemption Date pursuant to this Condition 
7(d) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 at least 15 days prior to the Selection Date.
In this Condition 7(d), Make-Whole Redemption Amount means (A) the outstanding principal 
amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity (or, 
if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and the Optional 
Redemption Amount applicable to any Optional Redemption Date is specified as being an amount 
per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the relevant Note, the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to the first such Optional Redemption Date 
(assuming the Notes to be redeemed on such date), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on 
the Notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the 
date of redemption) discounted to the Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Reference Bond Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, where:
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having a 
maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes;
Determination Agent means an independent investment, merchant or commercial bank or 
financial institution, or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise, selected by the 
Issuer for the purposes of calculating the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14;
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Determination
Agent advises the Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security specified 
is not appropriate for such purpose, such other central bank or government security as the 
Determination Agent may, with the advice of Reference Market Makers, determine to be 
appropriate;
Reference Bond Price means (i) the average of three Reference Market Maker Quotations for the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market 
Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than three, but more than one, 
such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the average of all such quotations, (iii) if only one such 
Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market Maker 
Quotation so obtained; or (iv) if no Reference Market Maker Quotation are provided, the price 
determined by the Determination Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Determination Agent), acting in a commercially reasonable manner, at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it deems appropriate;
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the rate per 
annum equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for 
the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference

--- Page 76 ---
76
Bond Price for such Make-Whole Redemption Date. The Reference Bond Rate will be calculated 
on the Reference Bond Rate Determination Day specified in the applicable Final Terms;
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and 
any Make-Whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the 
bid and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) quoted in writing to the Determination Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on the Reference Bond Rate Determination Day specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and
Reference Market Makers means three brokers or market makers of securities such as the 
Reference Bond selected by the Determination Agent or such other three persons operating in the 
market for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Determination Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer.
(e)
Issuer Residual Call
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any 
time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Series issued (other than as a result of a partial redemption of the Notes 
pursuant to Condition 7(c) or 7(d) above), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 and not more than 
60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(e), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee, to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders, a certificate 
signed by an Authorised Signatory of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate (without further enquiry or liability to any 
person and without any obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders.
(f)
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders
(i)
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (other than a Change of Control Put)
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum period and 
not more than the maximum period of notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, deliver at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note 
will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. Holders of Notes 
represented by a Global Note or in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC must exercise the right to require redemption of their Notes by giving notice 
(including all information required in the applicable Put Notice) through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the DTC, as the case may be (which notice may be in electronic form) in 
accordance with their standard procedures.
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, the holder 
of the VPS Notes, must, within the notice period, give notice to the relevant account operator of 
such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the VPS from time to time.

--- Page 77 ---
77
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7(f)(i) shall be irrevocable 
except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and the 
Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
paragraph.
(ii)
Change of Control Put
If Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, this Condition 7(f)(ii) shall 
apply.
(A)
If at any time while any Note remains outstanding:
(1)
a Change of Control occurs; and
(2)
within the Change of Control Period (x) if the Notes are rated with the agreement of the 
Issuer, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs, or (y) if the 
Notes are not rated, a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs 
(in either case, a Put Event),
the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes (i) under Condition 7(b)
or (ii) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 7(f)(i)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at 
the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) (as defined below) at its principal amount together with (or, where 
purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put).
(B)
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time:
(1)
any person or group of persons acting in concert acquires control of at least 50 per cent. 
of the issued share capital of the Issuer; and
(2)
the Kingdom of Norway controls (either directly or indirectly) less than 50.1 per cent. of 
the issued share capital of the Issuer.
(C)
For the purpose of this Condition 7(f)(ii):
acting in concert means acting together for the purpose of exercising joint control over the 
Issuer;
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the earlier of (a) the date of 
the relevant Change of Control and (b) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of 
Control Announcement (if any) and ending 180 days after the public announcement of the 
Change of Control having occurred;
control means the power to direct the management and policies of the Issuer through the 
ownership of voting capital;
Investment Grade Rating means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of 
S&P or a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Fitch or the 
equivalent rating in the case of any other Rating Agency;
a Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not within the 
Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all reasonable endeavours to obtain from a 
Rating Agency, a rating or (ii) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at the 
expiry of the Change of Control Period and as a result of such Change of Control obtained an 
Investment Grade Rating, provided that the Rating Agency publicly announces or publicly 
confirms in writing that its declining to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result of 
the applicable Change of Control;
Optional Redemption Date (Put) means the date which is the seventh day after the last day of 
the Put Period;
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (Fitch) or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer;

--- Page 78 ---
78
a Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if 
within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Notes by any Rating 
Agency at the invitation of the Issuer is (x) withdrawn and not subsequently reinstated within 
the Change of Control Period, (y) changed from an Investment Grade Rating to a non 
Investment Grade Rating (for example, from BBB- to BB+ by S&P or Fitch, or its equivalents 
for the time being, or worse) and not subsequently upgraded to an Investment Grade Rating 
within the Change of Control Period or (z) (if the rating assigned to the Notes by any Rating 
Agency at the invitation of the Issuer shall be below an Investment Grade Rating) lowered one 
full rating category (for example, from BB+ to BB by S&P or Fitch or such similar lower or 
equivalent rating) and not subsequently upgraded within the Change of Control Period, 
provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating 
shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating 
Agency making the change in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply does not 
publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result of the applicable 
Change of Control; and
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement means any formal public 
announcement or statement by or on behalf of the Issuer or any actual or potential bidder 
or any advisor thereto relating to any potential Change of Control where, within 180 days of 
the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs.
(D)
If a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall within 21 days of the end of the Change of Control 
Period give notice (a Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the option contained in this Condition 7(f)(ii).
(E)
To exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under 
this Condition 7(f)(ii) the holder of that Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held 
outside Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, deliver at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within 
the period (the Put Period) of 30 days after a Put Event Notice is given, a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Option Notice) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7(f)(ii)
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this 
Note will, following delivery of the Put Option Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control.
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption 
or, as the case may be, purchase of this Note under this Condition 7(f)(ii), the holder of this 
Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to a Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case 
may be) (which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common safekeeper or common depositary for them or 
DTC or its nominee to such Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as applicable, from time to time.
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of a Note under this Condition 7(f)(ii), the holder of the VPS Note must, within the
Put Period, give notice to the relevant account operator of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of the VPS from time to time.
The Paying Agent to which such Note and Put Option Notice are delivered or the Principal 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, will issue to the holder concerned a non-transferable receipt 
(a Put Option Receipt) in respect of the Note so delivered or, in the case of a Global Note or 
Note in definitive form held through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, or a VPS 
Note, notice received. The Issuer shall redeem or at the option of the Issuer purchase (or 
procure the purchase of) the Notes in respect of which Put Option Receipts have been issued 
on the Optional Redemption Date (Put), unless previously redeemed and purchased. 
Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank 
account in the Put Option Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) by transfer to that bank account and in every other case on or after

--- Page 79 ---
79
the Optional Redemption Date (Put), in each case against presentation and surrender or (as 
the case may be) endorsement of such Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(f)(ii).
(F)
If 95 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
or purchased pursuant to this Condition 7(f)(ii), the Issuer may, having given not less than 
30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, such notice to be given 
within 30 days after the Optional Redemption Date (Put), redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at 
their principal amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) 
interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption or purchase (as the case may 
be). The notice referred to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption or purchase (as the case may be) (which shall not be more than 
60 days after the date of the notice). Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer will redeem, 
purchase or procure the purchase of the Notes (as the case may be).
(G)
Any Put Option Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or the VPS given by a holder of any Note 
pursuant to this Condition 7(f)(ii) shall be irrevocable except where prior to the due date of 
redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to 
be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10, in which event such holder, at its option, may 
elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition.
(g)
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of Condition 7(b) above and Condition 10, the Notes will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows:
(i)
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof;
(ii)
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the 
Final Terms, at their nominal amount; or
(iii)
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance 
with the following formula:

y
AY
1
RP
Amount
Redemption
Early 



where:
RP means the Reference Price;
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
y
is a fraction of the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360 or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(h)
Purchases
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer, (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) surrendered to any

--- Page 80 ---
80
Paying Agent for cancellation or in the case of VPS Notes, cancelled by causing such VPS Notes to 
be deleted from the records of the VPS.
(i)
Cancellation
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the 
Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7(h) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of 
VPS Notes, shall be deleted from the records of the VPS, and in each case cannot be reissued or 
resold.
(j)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7(a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 7(g)(iii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or 
the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references 
to the date which is the earlier of:
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and
(ii)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.
8.
Taxation
8.1
Taxation provisions applicable to Notes other than VPS Notes
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes (other than VPS Notes) and Coupons 
and under the Trust Deed by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges (Taxes) of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders 
of the Notes (other than VPS Notes) or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect 
of the Notes (other than VPS Notes) or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note (other than a VPS Note) or Coupon:
(i)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable for 
such taxes or duties in respect of such Note (other than a VPS Note) or Coupon by reason of 
their having some connection with the Kingdom of Norway other than the mere holding of 
such Note (other than a VPS Note) or Coupon; or
(ii)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(g)); or
(iii)
on account of any Taxes that are payable pursuant to the Norwegian Tax Act section 10-80 
on payments to related companies or undertakings (as such term is defined in the Norwegian 
Tax Act section 10-82) tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction (as such term is defined in the 
Norwegian Tax Act section 10-63).
As used herein Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Trustee, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 81 ---
81
8.2
Taxation provisions applicable to VPS Notes
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes under the Trust Deed by the 
Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future Taxes of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of VPS Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the VPS Notes in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to (i) any VPS Note in respect of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties 
in respect of such VPS Notes by reason of their having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction 
other than the mere holding of such VPS Notes; or (ii) on account of any Taxes that are payable 
pursuant to the Norwegian Tax Act section 10-80 on payments to related companies or 
undertakings (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Tax Act section 10-82) tax resident in a 
low-tax jurisdiction (as such term is defined in the Norwegian Tax Act section 10-63).
As used herein Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax.
9.
Prescription
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) 
therefor, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(b).
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b).
10.
Events of Default and Enforcement
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall 
(subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), (but in the 
case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs (b) to (d) (other than the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer) and (e) to (f) inclusive below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to 
the Issuer that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give 
notice in writing to the Issuer that each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due 
and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust 
Deed if any of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur:
(a)
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal due in respect of the 
Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 7 days or if default is made in the 
payment of any interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a 
period of 14 days; or
(b)
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions of the 
Notes or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the Trustee, the failure is 
incapable of remedy when no continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer 
of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or
(c)
if any other indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary becomes 
due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described) or the Issuer 
or any Principal Subsidiary fails to make any payment in respect of any other indebtedness for 
borrowed money on the due date for payment as extended by any originally applicable grace period 
or any security given by the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary for any other indebtedness for 
borrowed money becomes enforceable or if default is made by the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation 
to any other indebtedness for borrowed money of any other person, provided that no event shall 
constitute an Event of Default unless the indebtedness for borrowed money or other relative 
liability either alone or when aggregated with other indebtedness for borrowed money and/or other 
liabilities relative to all (if any) other events which shall have occurred and be at the relevant time 
outstanding shall amount to at least U.S.$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or

--- Page 82 ---
82
(d)
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution 
of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary save (i) for the purposes of a reorganisation on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) in the case 
of any Principal Subsidiary, in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation; or
(e)
if (i) the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or 
substantially the whole of its business, save (A) for the purposes of a reorganisation on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution or (B) in the case 
of any Principal Subsidiary, in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation, or (ii) the Issuer or any 
Principal Subsidiary stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to or admits inability to pay 
its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to 
or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or
(f)
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made 
for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in relation to 
the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes 
possession of the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in 
force against the whole or a part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case 
(other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 60 days; or if the Issuer or 
any Principal Subsidiary initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement 
with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a 
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors).
Enforcement
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer 
as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not 
be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the 
Coupons unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing 
by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be 
continuing.
Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
Permitted Reorganisation means any disposal by any Principal Subsidiary (such entity the disposing 
entity), to the Issuer or any other Principal Subsidiary, of the whole or substantially the whole of the 
disposing entity's business on a solvent basis; and 
Principal Subsidiary means, at any time, a subsidiary of the Issuer:
(a)
whose gross operating revenues (consolidated in the case of a subsidiary which itself has 
subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a subsidiary which itself has 
subsidiaries) represent in each case (or, in the case of a subsidiary acquired after the end of the 
financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated gross operating 
revenues of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited 
accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such subsidiary and the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, provided that, in the case of a 
subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then

--- Page 83 ---
83
latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the purposes of the 
calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition 
is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such 
first-mentioned accounts as if such subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its 
then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer;
(b)
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, provided 
that the transferor subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary 
and the transferee subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph 
(b) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the financial 
period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that 
such transferor subsidiary or such transferee subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any 
time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as 
aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by 
virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or
(c)
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or assets 
of the transferee subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee subsidiary being acquired 
after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries relate, generate gross operating revenues equal to) not less than 10 per 
cent. of the consolidated gross operating revenues of the Issuer, or represent (or, in the case 
aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided 
that the transferor subsidiary (if a Principal Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to 
be a Principal Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets 
generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate gross operating revenues equal to) not less than 10 per 
cent. of the consolidated gross operating revenues of the Issuer, or its assets represent (or, in the 
case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and 
the transferee subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c)
on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the financial 
period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such 
transferor subsidiary or such transferee subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time 
after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by 
virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any 
other applicable provision of this definition,
all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed.
A report by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer that in their opinion a subsidiary of the Issuer is or is 
not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary may 
be relied upon by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.
11.
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons) or of 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer 
may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.
12.
Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, Exchange Agent, Paying and Transfer Agents and VPS Account 
Manager
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the other initial Paying Agents, the initial Exchange 
Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Transfer Agents and their initial specified offices are set 
out below. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such 
Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent, Exchange Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent, VPS Account Manager

--- Page 84 ---
84
or Calculation Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents, Registrars, Exchange Agents or 
Transfer Agents, VPS Account Managers or Calculation Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any of the same acts, provided that:
(i)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent and, if appropriate, a Registrar and Transfer 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority;
(ii)
in the case of Notes in registered form, there will at all times be a Registrar and a Transfer Agent 
having a specified office outside the United Kingdom and London respectively;
(iii)
there will at all times be a Transfer Agent having a specified office in New York City;
(iv)
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. 
dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a 
specified office in New York City;
(v)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; and
(vi)
in the case of VPS Notes, there will at all times be a VPS Account Manager authorised to act as an 
account operating institution with the VPS and one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms 
and Conditions of the relevant VPS Notes so require.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 6(f). Notice of any variation, 
termination, appointment or change in the Paying Agent will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14.
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in 
certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying 
agent.
13.
Exchange of Talons
On and after the Interest Payment Date, as appropriate, on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the 
final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Bearer Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9.
14.
Notices
Notices to holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if a notice is published in 
accordance with the second paragraph below and a notice is sent by first class mail or (if posted to an 
overseas address) by air mail to them at their respective addresses as recorded in the Registrar and will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the fourth day after the date of such mailing.
All notices regarding the Notes (other than VPS Notes) shall be published (i) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and/or admitted to trading by any other relevant authority, in a manner which 
complies with the rules of such exchange and/or other relevant authority. It is expected that such 
publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the date of the first publication in each such newspaper or where published in such newspapers on 
different dates, the last date of such first publication. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a 
notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the 
Trustee shall approve.
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as the global Note(s) is or are held 
in its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, be substituted for 
sending by mail and/or publication as aforesaid the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in

--- Page 85 ---
85
addition, for so long as and Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will 
be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the 
said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC.
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes (other than VPS Notes) shall be in writing and given by 
lodging the same, together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, 
with the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.
In the case of VPS Notes, notices shall be given in accordance with the procedures of the VPS.
15.
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver
(a)
Holders of Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and 
shall be convened by the Issuer if requested by Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the 
rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or 
Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than three quarters in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than one third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes 
cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders, or (iii) 
consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory 
to the Trustee) by or on behalf of all the Noteholders shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders 
shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all and 
Couponholders.
(b)
Holders of VPS Notes
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the VPS Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding a certificate (dated no earlier than 14 
days prior to the meeting) from either the VPS or the VPS Account Manager stating that the holder is 
entered into the records of the VPS as a Noteholder or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the VPS Notes for the time being outstanding and providing an undertaking that no transfers or 
dealing have taken place or will take place in the relevant VPS Notes until the conclusion of the meeting, 
or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the VPS Notes or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the VPS Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount 
of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than three

--- Page 86 ---
86
quarters in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one third in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at 
a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less 
than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of 
all the Noteholders, or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of all the Noteholders shall, in each case, 
be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any 
meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting.
For the purposes of a meeting of Noteholders, the person named in the certificate from the VPS or the 
VPS Account Manager described above shall be treated as the holder of the VPS Notes specified in such 
certificate provided that he has given an undertaking not to transfer the VPS Notes so specified (prior to 
the close of the meeting) and the Trustee shall be entitled to assume that any such undertaking is validly 
given, shall not enquire as to its validity and enforceability, shall not be obliged to enforce any such 
undertaking and shall be entitled to rely on the same.
(c)
Modification and Waiver
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any modification of, 
or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or 
the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is 
not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may 
agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or to correct a manifest error or an error which in the opinion of the Trustee is proven. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee otherwise 
requires, shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable 
thereafter.
Notwithstanding the above, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5(b) without the 
requirement for the consent and approval of Noteholders or Couponholders.
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests 
arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders whatever their number) 
and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor 
shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other 
person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 and/or 
any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust 
Deed.
16.
Indemnification of the Trustee and Trustee Contracting with the Issuer
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to enter 
into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders 
of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries, (b) 
to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to 
any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or 
consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any 
profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.

--- Page 87 ---
87
17.
Further Issues
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which 
interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes.
18.
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act.
19.
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing law
The Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons and all rights and duties of the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Issuer and the Paying Agents are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, the laws of England. VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depositary Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time to time,
implementing Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the 
rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related 
regulations and legislation.
(b)
Jurisdiction
Without prejudice to Condition 19(c), the courts of England shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to 
hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings (including any proceedings relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed or the Notes), and to 
settle any disputes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Trust Deed or the Notes), which may arise out of or in connection with the 
Trust Deed or the Notes (respectively Proceedings and Disputes).
(c)
Other jurisdiction
Condition 19(b) is for the exclusive benefit of the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
who, to the extent permitted by law, reserve the right to take Proceedings in the courts of any 
country other than England which may have or claim jurisdiction to the matter and to commence 
such Proceedings in the courts of any such country or countries concurrently with or in addition to 
Proceedings in England or without commencing Proceedings in England.
(d)
Appropriate forum
The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of 
England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any 
Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum.
(e)
Process agent
The Issuer agrees that the process by which any Proceedings in England are begun may be served 
on it by being delivered to the office of Statkraft UK Ltd, which at the date hereof is at 19th Floor, 
22 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4BQ. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to 
accept service of process on the Issuer’s behalf, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of the 
Trustee addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer, appoint a further person in England 
approved by the Trustee to accept service of process on its behalf. Nothing in this paragraph shall 
affect the right of the Trustee or any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law.
(f)
Waiver of immunity
To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its respective assets or 
revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment 
or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) 
may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its respective assets or revenues, the Issuer

--- Page 88 ---
88
agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of 
such jurisdiction.

--- Page 89 ---
89
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Green Bonds
Where the “Use of Proceeds” item in Part B of the applicable Final Terms for any Tranche of Notes refers 
to “Green Bonds”, an amount equal to the net proceeds from such issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer to Eligible Projects in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework, which at such time 
has 
been 
published 
by 
the 
Issuer 
and 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(at 
https://www.statkraft.com/IR/funding/green-finance-framework/) and which is in effect at the time of 
issuance of the relevant Notes. Such Notes are not issued as European Green Bonds in accordance with the 
EU Green Bond Regulation.
Eligible Projects refer to a selected pool of projects, funded in whole or in part by the Issuer or its 
subsidiaries that promote the transition to low carbon and climate resilient growth and a sustainable 
economy as determined by the Issuer, and as further set out in the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework. The 
criteria for selection of Eligible Projects under the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework may change from 
time to time.
The net proceeds raised in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework are managed by the 
Issuer’s Treasury Department and the Issuer will establish a Green Finance Register for the purpose of 
monitoring Eligible Projects financed by any Notes issued as Green Bonds, as well as to provide an 
overview of the allocation of the net proceeds from such Notes to the respective Eligible Projects.
The Issuer will also publish on its website an annual Green Finance Impact Report including information
about (i) division of such proceeds between the Eligible Project categories and geographical distribution, 
(ii) when possible and relevant, further information on the Eligible Projects, such as a brief description of 
the main projects, type of technology and their expected impact and (iii) the balance of unallocated 
proceeds. Statkraft’s external auditor issues an annual limited assurance report on Statkraft’s Green 
Finance Impact Report.
S&P Global Ratings, a provider of independent, research-based evaluations of green bonds has reviewed 
the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework and issued a second party opinion (the Second Party Opinion) on 
the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework verifying its credibility and alignment with the International 
Capital Market Association’s 2021 Green Bond Principles (with June 2022 Appendix I) and the 2023
Green Loan Principles published by the Loan Market Association, the Asian Pacific Loan Market 
Association and the Loan Syndications and Trading Association. The Second Party Opinion has been 
published 
by 
the 
Issuer 
and 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(at 
https://www.statkraft.com/IR/funding/green-finance-framework/) and is only current as at the date it is 
released and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by S&P Global Ratings at any time.
For the avoidance of doubt, other than in relation to the information which is deemed to be incorporated 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this 
Offering Circular refers (including the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework, any report (including the 
annual Green Finance Impact Report and/or the assurance report referred to above), assessment, opinion or 
certification in relation thereto (including the Second Party Opinion) and any public reporting by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of any application of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any such Notes) 
will not be incorporated into, and do not form part of, this Offering Circular.
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Projects; (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Projects falls within an investor's requirements or expectations of a 
“green” or “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled project; or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of 
proceeds in respect of any such Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
90
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP
Information about the issuer
Introduction
Statkraft AS (Statkraft) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Statkraft Group or the Group) have built a 
strong position as one of Norway’s largest power producer, one of the largest producers of renewable 
energy in Europe and a significant player in other international markets. With its foundation in Norwegian 
hydropower, making clean energy possible for over a century, Statkraft has in the last three decades 
expanded geographically, developed the market activities, and diversified into new technologies and 
services, now consisting of hydropower, onshore and offshore wind power, solar power, hydrogen, gas-
fired power, district heating, electric vehicle (EV) charging and biofuels. Statkraft has valuable positions 
in Europe, South America and Asia, with around 7000 employees across 21 countries.
Statkraft is a limited liability company, wholly owned by the Kingdom of Norway represented by the 
Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries (the Ministry) through the holding company Statkraft SF.
Statkraft has consolidated installed power generation capacity of 21.4 GW. Hydropower is the dominant 
source (66.6 per cent. of total capacity), followed by wind power (19.6 per cent.), natural gas (11.8 per 
cent.) and solar power and other (2.0 per cent.). As of 31 December 2024, 56.8 per cent. of the capacity is 
in Norway, 8.5 per cent. in Sweden, 22.0 per cent. in other European countries and 12.7 per cent. in the 
rest of the world. In addition, Statkraft has power generation capacity in partly owned companies that is 
not included in the consolidated capacity figure above. Statkraft also has consolidated installed district 
heating capacity in Norway (83.5 per cent.) and Sweden (16.5 per cent.) of close to 0.9 GW.
In its 2024 annual report, the Group reported an underlying EBIT of NOK 26.5 billion, a decrease of 
approximately 36 per cent. from 2023. The decrease from 2023 was primarily due to lower Nordic power 
prices.
The Group had NOK 53.7 billion in underlying net operating revenues and other income in 2024. The 
Group's underlying net operating revenues and other income decreased by 18 per cent. compared to 2023.
The primary contributors to this decrease were the Nordics, Europe, and Markets segments. In the Nordics 
segment, the decline was mainly due to lower Nordic power prices and reduced Norwegian hydropower 
generation. In Europe, the decrease was driven by less positive hedging effects, while in the Markets 
segment, it was primarily related to trading and origination activities.
In total, the Group’s underlying operating expenses were NOK 27.3 billion in 2024, an increase of 14 per 
cent. from 2023. The increase was driven by the acquisition of new assets, an increase in the number of 
full-time equivalents, and a higher level of business development activities. The increase was partly offset 
by lower regulatory fees due to the abolishment of the high-price contribution on power generation in 
Norway in October 2023. 
The Group reported negative results from net financial items of NOK 5.5 billion in 2024. Interest income 
decreased, primarily due to lower cash balances, while interest expenses increased due to a higher debt 
level. Further, the Group reported negative net currency effects of NOK 4.6 billion in 2024. The net 
negative currency effects were driven by a weakening of NOK against EUR, GBP and USD and were 
primarily related to external debt in other currencies than NOK and bank deposits in EUR, resulting in 
negative effects on debt and positive effects on deposits.
Profit before tax was NOK 20.6 billion in 2024, with a net profit of NOK 7.0 billion. The recorded tax 
expense of NOK 13.7 billion represented a decrease compared to 2023. This was mainly due to the lower 
profit before tax subject to income tax and a decrease in resource rent tax due to lower Norwegian power 
prices. The majority of the tax expense was related to Norway. 
In 2024, cash flow from operating activities was NOK 8.1 billion. Cash flow from operating activities was 
slightly up compared to 2023. The Board of Directors of Statkraft has proposed a total dividend of NOK 
8.8 billion, based on Statkraft’s overall results for the year ended 31 December 2024. 
In 2024, Statkraft's power generation reached 66.3 TWh (up 7 per cent. from 2023). The average system 
price in the Nordic region was 36 EUR/MWh in 2024, a decrease of 37 per cent. year-on-year. The 
average German spot price was 80 EUR/MWh in 2024, a decrease of 16 per cent. year-on-year.
At the end of 2024, the Group’s equity was NOK 147 billion compared with NOK 145 billion at the end of 
2023. This corresponds to 45 per cent. of total assets (compared to 45 per cent. at the end of 2023).  At the

--- Page 91 ---
91
end of 2024, net interest-bearing liabilities amounted to NOK 52.1 billion, resulting in a net interest-
bearing liability to equity ratio of 26.2 per cent. At the end of 2024, cash and cash equivalents amounted to 
NOK 31.0 billion. 
Statkraft is registered in the Register of Business Enterprises, Brønnøysund Register Center. Statkraft 
was incorporated on 25 June 2004 with organisation number 987 059 699. The Head Office address of 
Statkraft is:
Lilleakerveien 6
0283 Oslo
Norway
Telephone number: +47 24 06 70 00
Statkraft history
Historically, the business of the Group was carried out through a business unit within a governmental 
directorate, the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate. Until 1991, there were few 
commercially operated private companies in the Norwegian electricity sector, which was highly regulated. 
In 1991, the Energy Act dated 29 June 1990, no. 50 was introduced, which divided the electricity sector 
into two separate areas: distribution grid infrastructure, with monopoly control, and electricity production 
and sales, which became fully deregulated. Through the new legislation, a well-functioning domestic –
and later Nordic – market for power production and trading was established, giving a framework for a 
more flexible and efficient utilisation of Norway’s hydropower resources.
In order to comply with the new legislation, the business of the former Statkraft was split into two 
separate companies in 1992, with the state-owned enterprise Statkraft SF assuming responsibility for 
generation and sales. The distribution grid operations were organised in the state-owned enterprise 
Statnett SF. Through the establishment of Statkraft SF, the Norwegian Government founded a company 
with the aim and potential to successfully compete both in the Norwegian and the international electricity 
markets, with an ambition to further develop and strengthen this important part of Norwegian 
infrastructure.
Statkraft SF was later reorganised by way of transferring substantially all of the business, assets and 
liabilities to the Group on 1 October 2004, thus making Statkraft the operating holding company and the 
financial vehicle of the Group. The Group continues the business activities previously organised under 
Statkraft SF. All shares in Statkraft are owned by the state-owned enterprise Statkraft SF, which in turn is 
owned by the Norwegian state through the Ministry.
Statkraft’s business has evolved through several stages since 1992. The very first years were characterised 
by low investment activity and a high focus on market orientation. From 1996 to 2002, the company 
accomplished a considerable expansion through acquiring stakes in several Norwegian utilities in addition 
to a large stake in the Swedish utility Sydkraft AB (currently E.ON Sverige AB). At the same time, the 
arbitrage and trading business was expanded through the establishment of companies in Holland, 
Germany and Sweden. From 2003,
the Group sold out certain Norwegian ownership stakes, 
while acquiring hydropower generation assets in Sweden and Finland, and constructing wind power 
generation in Norway and gas-fired generation plants in Norway and Germany. Through an asset swap 
with E.ON in 2008, Statkraft acquired ownership of a significant portfolio of generation assets in Sweden, 
Germany and the UK. 
In the following years, large investment activities were carried out according to Statkraft’s strategy for 
continued growth within renewable energy. The majority of the investments were concentrated on the 
strategic areas: European flexible generation, hydropower in emerging markets and wind power. In 2010, 
Statkraft’s owner, Statkraft SF, injected NOK 14 billion in new equity to provide support for the 
company’s growth strategy. A further equity strengthening came in 2014 with an injection of NOK 5 
billion.
In the period from 2014 to 2016, several wind farms in Sweden and the UK together with hydropower 
plants in Peru, Türkiye and Albania were completed, as well as hydropower and district heating projects in 
Norway. Statkraft also acquired controlling ownership interests in two companies in Brazil and Chile, 
respectively. Statkraft freed up capital for investments within renewable energy through sale of Finnish 
hydropower production, Norwegian small-scale hydropower production and reduced shares in wind farms 
in the UK. Statkraft strengthened its international position through the restructuring of international 
hydropower activities and operational integration of the enterprises in South America and South Asia. In

--- Page 92 ---
92
Norway, Statkraft, together with TrønderEnergi and the European investor consortium Nordic Wind 
Power, started the construction of a 1000 MW onshore wind power project, the Fosen project, in Central 
Norway. In 2017, Statkraft and Norfund swapped shares in their jointly owned assets. Statkraft bought 
Norfund’s 18.1 per cent. shareholding in Statkraft IH Invest and sold its 50 per cent. shareholding in SN 
Power to Norfund. In 2018, Statkraft completed its exit from offshore wind in the UK in line with its 
strategy. 
After a consolidation period, where Statkraft’s project activity level was scaled down for a couple of years 
and it went through a corporate-wide performance improvement programme to strengthen competitiveness 
by improving performance and reducing costs, Statkraft entered a new growth phase set out in an updated 
strategy in 2018, paving the way for future growth within renewable energy. A main priority of the 
strategy was to optimise and maintain the existing hydropower portfolio in the Nordics. The strategy also 
set ambitious growth targets for hydro, wind and solar power in Europe, South America and India. As part 
of this strategy, Statkraft made several acquisitions. 
In the period from 2018 to 2021, Statkraft acquired eight operational hydropower plants in Brazil with a 
total installed capacity of 132 MW, and in India, Statkraft acquired the 100 MW Tidong hydropower 
project in Himachal Pradesh. Statkraft also acquired the Irish and UK wind power development business 
of the Element Power Group, including a 1550 MW onshore wind development portfolio in Ireland and 
the UK. This transaction positions Statkraft as a large onshore wind developer in Ireland.
Statkraft also acquired wind projects in Chile (with a total installed capacity of 102 MW) and Brazil (with 
a total installed capacity of 664 MW) and solar projects in Ireland (with a total installed capacity of 326 
MW), completed the construction of two wind farms in Norway (with a total installed capacity of 382 
MW), completed the construction of a wind farm (with a total installed capacity of 23 MW) and battery 
project in Ireland, acquired a project development company within wind power in the UK and acquired 
shares in EV charging companies in Norway and Germany.
Further, the Fosen wind projects in Norway were finalised. The five wind farms (originally six as Roan 
Vind was divested in 2021) have an installed capacity of 801 MW and generate 2.6 TWh of renewable 
energy annually. The Moglicë hydropower plant in Albania also came into full operation in 2020. Statkraft 
also acquired the global solar developer Solarcentury; several onshore wind projects in Europe; and 39 
operating wind farms in Germany and four in France with a total capacity of 346 MW. In 2022, Statkraft 
opened its first large-scale solar power plant in Nellai, India. Statkraft changed its organisational structure 
in 2022 by establishing three geographical regions – Nordics, Europe and International.
On 17 November 2023, Statkraft signed an agreement with Elecnor Group to acquire the Spanish-based 
Enerfin Sociedad de Energia S.L. The acquisition was completed in May 2024, adding a portfolio of 1.5 
GW of wind and solar farms in operation and under construction, as well as a pipeline of projects under 
development.
In January 2024, Statkraft presented its investment programme in Norwegian hydropower, aiming to 
initiate five larger capacity upgrades in Norway by 2030.  In February 2024, Statkraft inaugurated its 
largest wind farm outside Europe, which is the 519 MW Ventos de Santa Eugenia Wind complex in 
Brazil. In November 2024, Statkraft inaugurated three wind farms in Chile with a combined capacity of 
over 100 MW.  
In June 2024, Statkraft sharpened its strategy and revised growth targets. The sharpened strategy will 
focus on fewer markets, building scale and strengthening competitiveness and value creation. To support 
the sharpened strategy, an updated organisation and a new corporate management was introduced from 1 
January 2025.
Business overview
Generation, power prices and hedging
Power prices and optimisation of power production constitute the fundamental basis for Statkraft’s 
revenues. The majority of Statkraft’s output is generated in the Nordic region. Power prices are mainly 
influenced by hydrological factors, commodity prices for thermal power generation, technology cost, grid 
restrictions and nuclear availability.
Statkraft’s revenues are generated through spot sales, contractual sales to the industry, market activities, 
grid activities and district heating. In addition, the Group delivers concessionary power. The generation 
revenues are optimised through financial power trading, and the Group engages in energy related trading 
activities.

--- Page 93 ---
93
The Group's main hedging activity is long-term contracts with power-intensive industry in Norway. This 
activity is supplemented with financial power contracts and other risk mitigating activities. The bilateral 
contracts and other hedging activities reduce the price risk for parts of the Group's power generation 
business and have a stabilising effect on the Group's revenues over time. A proportion of the generation is 
hedged through financial contracts. 
Statkraft’s generation optimisation is determined by price expectations, water reservoir capacity and 
reservoir water levels, access to resources (inflow and wind), the margin between power prices and gas 
prices (spark spread) in addition to CO2 prices and grid restrictions. For the flexible hydropower assets, 
Statkraft’s water values (value of future hydropower generation) are compared with the power prices, and 
power will be generated when the power prices are higher than the water values.
With Europe’s largest portfolio of flexible hydropower plants and reservoir capacity, the Nordic 
hydropower generation can be optimised over several years. Statkraft is therefore well positioned to 
achieve a higher average spot price for this generation than the average spot price in the market. In 2024, 
the realised prices (measured over the last 60 months) were 12.6 per cent. higher than the average spot 
price. The cost of operations for the Nordic hydropower fleet is relatively low. In 2024, the cost was 13.9 
øre/kWh, slightly higher than the target of 13.4 øre/kWh. Furthermore, Statkraft can store water for 
periods when the demand and prices are high. Hence, the power generation can vary significantly from 
one year to another. 
Statkraft’s strategy
Statkraft’s strategic direction is built on the fundamental drivers behind continued growth in demand for 
renewable energy, and energy systems with increased need for flexibility. Statkraft’s analysis confirms 
that the long-term strategic direction is robust, and that there are significant opportunities given Statkraft’s 
current position, portfolio, and competitive strengths. However, to adopt to changes in external 
surroundings and market development, impacting the investment capacity, Statkraft announced in June 
2024 the decision to sharpen the strategy. Statkraft will continue to grow, strategically prioritising 
technologies and geographies that enable the highest long-term value creation. 
The growth strategy continues to build on four pillars:

Provide clean flexibility – leveraging hydropower

Grow in solar power, wind power and battery storage

Deliver green market solutions to customers

Develop new energy solutions
The sharpened strategy means that Statkraft will prioritise:

Value creation from Statkraft’s core businesses - hydropower and market operations, including 
the trading and origination business

To grow in mature and profitable technologies like solar power, onshore wind, and battery 
storage, but at adjusted rate

To continue to build options for future growth in technologies like offshore wind and hydrogen, 
but with more focussed scope

Optimise the portfolio through targeted divestments and sell-downs
At the centre of the strategy, there are three overarching principles:

Ensuring sustainable, ethical, and safe operations

Prioritising financial solidity and profitability over growth

Creating a great and inclusive place to work
These apply across the business, to ensure that Statkraft never compromises on commitments to its 
owners, employees, and society.
To pursue the strategy, Statkraft utilises a market-centric approach within a defined geographical footprint, 
meaning that the company will use market insight to find and develop the most profitable opportunities 
across selected renewable technologies in each specific market in which Statkraft operates. The company

--- Page 94 ---
94
will develop, acquire, own and operate renewable assets, and provide customers with the best energy 
solutions to reach a net-zero emission future. 
In Norway, Statkraft will drive the energy transition through developing and delivering renewable power 
generation and flexible supply, delivering new green energy solutions, and facilitating sustainable 
businesses. In Europe, Statkraft will take a leading role in supporting the energy markets and the transition 
ahead, based on its position as one of the largest producers of renewable energy in Europe and having 
significant market operations. In South America, Statkraft will enable more sustainable energy systems by 
pursuing opportunities from the growing energy demand.
To deliver on its ambitious 2030 strategy, Statkraft has reorganised parts of the company and reshuffled 
the corporate management accordingly. The biggest change is an increased focus on technology and 
project delivery, securing value creation and increased competitiveness when fulfilling its growth targets. 
In a time when digitalisation and artificial intelligence open new threats and opportunities, close 
collaboration between the IT organisation and operations is key to strengthening Statkraft’s
competitiveness and cyber security.
Strategic priorities and ambitions
Provide clean flexibility – leveraging hydropower
More flexibility solutions are needed in the future energy system, where Statkraft is well positioned with a 
unique hydropower portfolio and strong market expertise. Statkraft will optimise and expand the portfolio 
across prioritised markets, both in hydropower and selected additional clean flexibility technologies.
Statkraft’s significant portfolio of flexible hydropower assets, both in Norway and internationally accounts 
for the majority of the company’s revenues. Safe, stable, and cost-efficient operation of this asset base is 
the main priority. 
Statkraft will also develop new capacity by upgrading and transforming suitable hydropower plants. This 
will address the need for more flexibility while limiting the impact on nature and local communities. 
Furthermore, the hydropower projects in Norway are large investments that create direct and indirect 
benefits for Statkraft and the Norwegian society. Statkraft aims to have initiated five larger capacity 
upgrades in Norway by 2030. This will expand the installed capacity of Norwegian hydropower by 1.5-2.5 
GW, implying an increase of over 20 per cent.
Outside Norway, Statkraft will focus on optimising the value of the existing hydropower assets both in 
operation and under construction, through safe and efficient operations. Growth through acquisitions of 
hydropower projects or assets will be pursued selectively. 
To expand the flexibility offering beyond hydropower, Statkraft will continue to develop and deliver 
storage and grid stabilisation services. The current focus is on developing battery energy storage systems 
and rotating stabilisers (synchronous compensators), mainly in European markets.
Gas-fired power will continue to be important to provide the required flexibility in Europe. Statkraft will 
continue to own and operate the existing gas-fired power fleet on natural gas and consider blending in, for 
example, green hydrogen, when the market is ready.
Grow in solar power, wind power and battery storage
Substantial growth is expected in renewables globally, with a future power system dominated by solar and 
wind power. Statkraft will continue to grow into a major developer of solar, wind and batteries, and 
deliver competitive operations and maintenance for own assets. 
Statkraft has a strong starting point with a good track record within the development of onshore wind, 
dating back to the early 2000s, and lately also within solar and battery storage. Statkraft has grown a 
competitive project development organisation, forming the foundation for further development. Within 
solar, onshore wind and battery storage, the company targets an annual delivery rate of 2-2.5 GW from 
2026 and onwards. This ambition represents a significant growth from today’s level and will allow 
Statkraft to leverage the strong, existing development organisation and pipeline.

--- Page 95 ---
95
Statkraft is flexible towards the use of different business models to maximise value creation over time. 
Statkraft’s long-term strategy is to retain a certain level of ownership across the solar and onshore wind 
portfolio. 
Within offshore wind, Statkraft pursues an industrial role in Northern Europe. The target markets are 
focused on Statkraft’s successful development in Ireland, the activities in Norway, and the early-phase 
projects in the UK and Sweden. The goal is to establish a competitive industrial platform and develop 6-8 
GW gross (i.e., jointly with partners) offshore wind capacity in Northern Europe by 2040.
Deliver green market solutions to customers
As energy markets are becoming increasingly complex and uncertain, and customers are demanding more 
green power supply and tailored energy solutions, the need for flexibility and structured energy products is 
growing. Statkraft will continue to pursue a market leading position in serving customer needs across the 
value chain with innovative and reliable solutions. 
Statkraft will continue to leverage knowledge and capabilities to optimise the value of own assets and 
deliver successfully on strategic ambitions. For external power producers and consumers, Statkraft will 
continue to grow the market solutions business with the goal of becoming a leading risk manager and 
provider of green market solutions internationally. The focus will be on both delivering a portfolio of 
green, hedging and energy management solutions, and growing a sizable business in market access. By 
offering such services to customers, Statkraft is enabling the integration and optimisation of renewable and 
flexible assets in relevant markets, while accelerating the ongoing energy transition. Additionally, 
Statkraft aims to further strengthen the proprietary trading activities within the existing geographies.
Develop new energy solutions
To reach an energy system with net-zero emissions, decarbonisation solutions beyond electrification and 
green power production are needed and represent substantial business opportunities. 
To build options for future growth, Statkraft will explore, build, and scale value-creating businesses in 
prioritised new energy solutions, aiming to own and operate or to spin off. Having a diverse and flexible 
portfolio with options for future growth is an important part of the company’s strategy and allows for 
optimising and adapting to market movements and Statkraft’s overall priorities.
Within green hydrogen, Statkraft is positioned as an early mover with the goal of delivering 1-2 GW 
capacity by 2035. The company’s long-term ambition is to build an industrial position in selected markets, 
and to deliver on the energy transition through production of green hydrogen and selected hydrogen 
derivatives.
Strategic targets
The Board of Directors has set financial and non-financial targets for the Group. The performance related 
to several of the targets will be assessed over a longer time horizon. The main targets and the status at the 
end of 2024 are listed in the table on the next page.

--- Page 96 ---
96
1) Previously named "Serious confirmed compliance incidents".
2) Of power generation (excluding biomass and gas-fired power) and district heating production (excluding Heimdal). District heating emissions are
based on a normal weather year to avoid larger temperature-driven fluctuations from year to year.
3) Measured as percentage of female/male leaders in management roles in Statkraft’s subsidiaries (excluding Skagerak Energi AS, Baltic Cable AB, 
Himal Power Ltd, Statkraft Pure Energy Ltd. and Mer AS).
Investments 
Statkraft has an ambitious growth strategy within renewable energy which requires significant investments 
in the coming years. Although Statkraft manages exposure to the Nordic markets actively through several 
strategies, the available investment capacity will be impacted by major movements in the Nordic power 
prices. The power prices were historically high in 2021 and 2022, before they started stabilising in 2023, 
to revert to pre-crises levels in 2024. The drop in fuel prices in late 2023 and in 2024 has led to a decline 
in forward power prices. Future investment capacity is impacted by the development of power prices. 
With a sharpened strategy, Statkraft believes it is well equipped to deliver both good value creation for its
owner and to be a strong driving force in the energy transition. Statkraft has a solid financial foundation 
for further growth and has a strong rating from both S&P and Fitch. Statkraft has developed and acquired 
a large and attractive portfolio of investment opportunities. The investment programme is flexible, and the 
pace and total amount of investments will depend on market development, access to grid capacity, 
concessions, and ability to find good solutions with local stakeholders and interests. Over time, around 75 
per cent. of net investment capacity is expected to be deployed in Nordic and European activities, with 
variations year-on-year. Outside Europe, there will be growth in markets where Statkraft is already 
present, such as in South America.
Statkraft invested NOK 34,355 million in 2024.
9901
11868
11451
28715
34355
0
5000
10000
15000
20000
25000
30000
35000
40000
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
NOK million
Strategic objective 
Grow capacity in renewable energy 
(wind, solar and battery/grid services) 
Deliver climate-friendly renewable energy and taking 
responsible environmental measures 21 
Prevent incidents and be committed 
to a workplace without injury or harm 
Improve diversity in background, competence 
and gender across the company 
Prevent corruption and unethical practices in all activities 
Efficient management of energy resources 
in the Nordic hydropower fleet 
Deliver competitive operations & maintenance 
Deliver a solid return on capital 
I I I 
Target 
Run rate of 2-2.5 GW from 2026 
Reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emission intensity 
(scope 1 and 2 market based) by 7 per cent 
Zero serious injuries 
Minimum 40 per cent of each gender measured on all 
management positions across the organisation by 2030 
Zero confirmed economic crime incidents1l 
>3.5 per cent higher realised prices than the average spot 
price in the market 
Total cost of operations Nordic hydropower 13.4 0relkWh 
for 2024 
>12 per cent ROACE 
Status 
0.5GW 
26.7% 2> 
2 
29% 3) 
D 
12.6 % 
13.9 ore 
15 %

--- Page 97 ---
97
Sustainability
For over a century, Statkraft has been involved in delivering renewable energy, and the Group remains
committed to the vision to renew the way the world is powered – with 100 per cent. renewable energy.
Statkraft also intends to ensure that the Group operates in an efficient, secure and sustainable manner. Like 
other companies, Statkraft has an environmental and social footprint and the Group is dedicated to 
working systematically to reduce negative impacts, whether that be Statkraft’s land use, emissions, or 
resource consumption. Statkraft aims to create a positive impact for people and communities and for the 
nature in which the Group operates. 
Statkraft regularly conducts corporate-wide risk assessments related to sustainability aspects. Statkraft 
applies a precautionary approach to the environment and considers the impact it has on the environment, 
climate and society, which sometimes calls for careful balancing of various concerns. The Group conducts 
risk assessments and implements mitigating actions where needed.
Statkraft is continuously working to align with new and emerging regulations, standards and frameworks. 
The Group’s 2024 annual report has been prepared to comply with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive and the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS).  
Statkraft carries out the process of double materiality assessments (DMA) following the ESRS guidelines 
and recommendations with regards to methodological choices and assumptions. The DMA process
includes assessments of how Statkraft impacts the economy, environment and people, as well as how the 
sustainability transition presents financial risks and opportunities to Statkraft. The DMA emphasises 
Statkraft’s own activities, and the scope also includes assessments of upstream and downstream activities
in the value chain.
As part of Statkraft’s updated sustainability strategy from 2024, the dedication to drive a green and just 
energy transition is reflected through adopting new and more ambitious sustainability targets.
The Norwegian government’s white paper on state ownership details the Norwegian state’s role and 
expectations of companies in which it has ownership interests. The overall goal from Statkraft’s owner is 
‘highest possible return over time in a sustainable manner’. 
Statkraft’s sustainability strategy is based on Statkraft’s corporate strategy, the owner’s expectations, 
market development and evolving external requirements and expectations. The sustainability strategy is an 
integral part of the company’s corporate strategy and sets the direction for how it will contribute to a green 
and just transition.
To achieve this, the strategy focuses on four pillars:
•
Climate action: Developing a net-zero value chain
•
Biodiversity: Growing within planetary limits 
•
Circular economy: Leveraging the principles of circular economy
•
Just transition: Managing Statkraft’s impacts on people 
Statkraft has developed roadmaps for each of the four pillars, with key actions and targets towards 2030.
The strategy addresses the most important impacts, risks and opportunities related to Statkraft’s activities, 
increasing external expectations and regulatory development. It also builds on the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs). 
As a provider of renewable energy, and with an aspiration to enable a net-zero future, Statkraft is strongly 
committed to SDG 13 (Climate Action). Statkraft’s core business is closely linked to SDG 7 (Affordable 
and clean energy) and SDG 11 (Sustainable cities and communities). Statkraft believes that the key to 
achieving the goals lies in responsible and sustainable operations and project development. Therefore, 
Statkraft also focuses on SDG 5 (Gender equality), SDG 8 (Decent work and economic growth), SDG 12 
(Responsible consumption and production), SDG 15 (Life on land) and SDG 16 (Peace, justice and strong 
institutions).
The fundamental principles for responsible behaviour are outlined in Statkraft’s Code of Conduct, 
approved by the Board of Directors. These principles cover the Group’s key activities, including 
acquisition and construction projects. The Code of Conduct applies to Statkraft’s employees and all 
companies in the Group.

--- Page 98 ---
98
Statkraft’s responsible business conduct is based on globally supported initiatives and standards such as 
the UN Global Compact, the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the UN Guiding Principles 
for Business and Human Rights on Responsible Business Conduct, and the IFC Performance Standards on 
identifying and managing environmental and social risk. 
Statkraft has a low GHG emission intensity, significantly below sector average. The GHG emission 
intensity (scope 1 and 2 market-based) of power generation was 14.7 g CO2/kWh in 2024. European 
energy sector average for GHG emission intensity of electricity generation in 2023 was 210 g CO2/kWh 
(Source: www.eea.europa.eu/en/analysis/indicators).
Organisational structure
Organisation 
Statkraft is organised through a state enterprise, Statkraft SF. The activity in Statkraft SF is, for all 
practical purposes, restricted to owning all shares in Statkraft. Statkraft SF and Statkraft AS share their 
Board, President and CEO. Statkraft AS is the parent company for an underlying Group structure. Shares 
in Statkraft AS can, according to the Articles of Association, only be owned by the state-owned enterprise, 
Statkraft SF. 
Activities
The objective of Statkraft AS, alone, or through participation in, or cooperation with other companies, is to 
plan, engineer, construct and either divest or operate energy facilities, conduct physical and financial 
energy trading, and perform naturally related operations. Statkraft AS is registered in Norway and its
management structure is based on Norwegian company legislation. Statkraft is also subject to the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act and stock exchange regulations associated with the company’s debt 
obligations.
Segments
Statkraft is organised in five business areas and two corporate staff areas. The business areas are: Nordics, 
Europe, International, Markets and New Energy Solutions. The staff areas are: Corporate staff and CFO & 
IT. All business areas and staff areas are headed by an Executive Vice President. The Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) and the Executive Vice Presidents form the Corporate Management. 
The Group’s reportable segments are based on internal management information and include Nordics, 
Europe, International, Markets, District Heating, and New Technologies. In addition, the Group reports 
Other and Group items. Other includes costs related to governance of the Group and other group services 
as well as unallocated assets. Group items include elimination of transactions between segments.
In October 2024, a new organisational structure was presented, leading to adjustments to business areas, 
staff areas and segments from 1 January 2025. See “Note 4 – Segment information” in the notes to 
Statkraft’s audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2024 (as incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular).
Nordics
Nordics includes asset ownership and operation of the Group’s hydro and wind power business in Norway 
and Sweden, as well as a subsea interconnector between Sweden and Germany (Baltic Cable). The 
segment also encompasses the development of new onshore power generation in the Nordics as well as all 
offshore wind power development. Additionally, it includes management and development of Norwegian 
shareholdings within the Group’s core business, specifically the shareholdings in Skagerak Energi AS, 
Eviny AS and Å Energi AS. Skagerak Energi AS is included in the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements, while Eviny AS and Å Energi AS are reported as equity accounted investments.
Nordics is the largest segment, measured by installed capacity, fixed assets, net operating revenues and 
results. The assets are primarily flexible, with the majority of the capacity related to hydropower. Most of 
the segment’s revenues stem from sales in the spot market and from long-term contracts. The long-term 
contracts have a stabilising effect on the Group’s revenues and profit over time. The segment also delivers 
concessionary power.

--- Page 99 ---
99
The segment owns and operates a portfolio of hydro and wind power assets in the Nordics. The multi-year 
reservoirs in Norway and the flexibility of the hydropower plants enable the optimisation of power 
generation based on the hydrological situation and power price expectations. Additionally, the 
optimisation balances availability, reinvestments, and maintenance costs for the Group’s assets.
Europe
Europe is responsible for development and ownership of onshore wind power, solar power, hydropower, 
gas-fired and biomass power plants and grid/storage assets in Europe outside of the Nordic countries. In 
addition, Europe is responsible for corporate shared services such as procurement and the project 
execution of large construction projects in Statkraft.
The segment’s revenues come from power sales, support schemes and gains from divestments.
Europe has two main business models. One of the models is to develop and construct onshore wind and 
solar projects with the intention to divest the assets either before, at the time of, or in due course after 
completion. This business model is known as Develop-Sell (DS) or Develop-Build-Sell (DBS). The 
segment has development and construction activities in several countries in Europe. The segment also has 
asset ownership and operation of wind and solar farms in Ireland, Germany, France, Spain, and the 
Netherlands, hydropower in Germany, the UK, and Albania, gas-fired and biomass power plants in 
Germany as well as grid/storage assets in the UK, Ireland, and Germany. This business model is known as 
Build-Own-Operate (BOO).
The segment has a gross pipeline of 24.2 GW, with 450 MW fully developed during 2024.
International 
International includes development, asset ownership and operation of onshore wind power, solar power 
and hydropower assets in selected markets outside Europe. Some of the segment’s investments are made 
in collaboration with local partners or international investors. The segment operates in Brazil, Chile, Peru, 
India, Türkiye and Nepal. 
The segment’s revenue stems from power sales, mainly on long-term contracts.
The segment’s business model is to develop, acquire, own and operate renewable generation assets in 
selected markets, requiring activities and capabilities across the value chain. The target is to develop the 
best opportunities in each market and provide customers with the best products. This will be achieved 
through strong operations and maintenance as well as market competence, excellence in project planning 
and execution and a common understanding of the markets and regulatory developments.
Markets 
Markets includes proprietary trading, origination and market access for generators of renewable energy. 
The segment has activities in several countries in Europe, and is also active in Brazil, India and the US.
Markets generates profit from changes in the market value of energy and energy-related products, and 
from buying and selling both standard and structured products, typically environmental certificates and 
power contracts. Statkraft further provides market access services for third parties.
For all these activities, Statkraft takes on different risks, and all activities are followed up through separate
risk mandates. 
The segment's main activities are:
•
Proprietary trading of standard energy and energy-related products, mainly via exchanges. 
•
Origination and hedging services for generators (upstream power purchase agreements (PPAs)) and 
power supply for consumers (downstream PPAs) as well as sourcing and supply of environmental 
certificates.
•
Providing market access to external generators of renewable energy with the aim to optimise revenues 
for intermittent and flexible assets owned by third parties.

--- Page 100 ---
100
District Heating
Statkraft owns and operates 13 facilities and concessions divided in two sub-areas, Trondheim and Bio 
Norden. Trondheim is centred around a waste-to-energy plant at Heimdal in Trondheim with mainly 
electricity and gas to cover peak load. Bio Norden consists of 12 plants in different locations in Norway 
and Sweden, all based on biomass with some bio-oil and electricity for peak load. District heating has a 
grid of approximately 500 km, 40,000 end-users and the segment delivers around 1 TWh of heating and 
cooling.
The segment’s revenue stems from the sale of heating and cooling as well as waste handling.
Statkraft’s district heating activities include the full value chain, from sourcing and production to end-user 
sales of heating and cooling.
New Technologies
New Technologies’ responsibility is to identify, develop and scale opportunities within renewable energy, 
and to create value through tailored ownership and business models for selected mature businesses. The 
segment is the asset owner for activities within EV charging, hydrogen, and biofuel. The segment also 
includes venture capital investments, as well as research and development.
Other 
Other activities include costs related to governance of the Group and other group services and unallocated 
assets.
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies
Board of Directors
The Board meets a minimum of seven times a year. The Chair of the Board ensures that meetings are held 
as often as required. The Board has stipulated board instructions with guidelines for the work and case 
processing of the Board. The instructions also cover the President and CEO. The instructions define the 
work scope, duties and authorities of the President and CEO in more detail than follows from the 
legislative framework. The Board prepares an annual agenda for its work, with a special emphasis on 
goals, strategies, governance and oversight of daily operations and Statkraft’s other activities. The Board 
conducts an annual strategy meeting. The President and CEO prepare background material for such 
meetings in the form of strategic, sustainability, economic and financial plans. The Board ensures that the 
management informs the boards of the company’s subsidiaries about matters of potential significance for 
the subsidiary in question. The Board evaluates its own performance and expertise annually. The Board 
monitors and oversees progress related to Statkraft’s sustainability strategy, processes and reporting. This 
includes targets and activities related to climate, environmental, social and human rights considerations, as 
well as sustainability in the supply chain. Impacts, risks and opportunities associated with sustainability 
that are material to Statkraft are part of the Board’s oversight. The Board takes such considerations into 
account in their strategic, risk and performance discussions, and as part of major investments and 
acquisitions. The Board has appointed a Compensation and Organisation Committee consisting of the 
Board Chair and three other Board members. The Compensation and Organisation Committee prepares the 
Board’s deliberations on wages and other benefits paid to the President and CEO, as well as matters of 
principle related to wage levels, incentive schemes, pension schemes, employment contracts and similar 
for Statkraft’s executives. The remuneration for the Head of Corporate Audit is stipulated by the Board.
The Board’s Audit and Sustainability Committee consists of five Board members. The Board’s Audit and 
Sustainability Committee functions as a preparatory body for the Board’s administrative and supervisory 
tasks related to financial and sustainability reporting. At least one member of the Board’s Audit and 
Sustainability Committee shall have experience in accounts management, financial management or 
auditing. Statkraft engages in transactions with companies closely related to Statkraft’s shareholder, the 
Norwegian state. All transactions are based on regular commercial terms and arm’s length principles. In 
2024, the regulations in the Rules of Procedures for the Board of Directors relating to Board members' 
independence and conflict of interest situations were reviewed and updated. A key aspect of this regulation 
is the disqualification of Board members from participating in considerations and resolution of matters that 
are of substantial personal or financial interest to them or their related parties. An updated review of the 
positions and roles held by current Board members outside Statkraft was also performed.

--- Page 101 ---
101
Alexandra Bech Gjørv, Chair
Born: 1965, Norwegian
Experience: Partner Hjort law firm, various executive positions in Norsk Hydro and Equinor. Chair of the 
board in Hafslund and Eidsiva and board member of Technip, Schibsted, Norske Skog, NRK and Fritt 
Ord.
Education: Law degree University of Oslo. Diploma in legal studies, Oxford University. Law studies, 
Suffolk University, Massachusetts. New York state bar exam.
Board member since: 2023. Chair of the Compensation and Organisation Committee.
Position: CEO of SINTEF.
Main directorships: Chair of various SINTEF’s subsidiaries. Board member: Oslo Science City, 
Trondheim Tech Port.
Ingelise Arntsen, Vice-Chair
Born: 1966, Danish
Experience: EVP Aibel, CEO Sway Turbine, EVP REC, EVP Statkraft, Business Consulting Arthur 
Andersen, Director Bearing Point, CEO Sogn and Fjordane Energiverk and CFO Kværner Fjellstrand. 
Education: Bachelor of Science, Economics degree.
Board member since: 2017. Member of the Compensation and Organisation Committee. 
Position: Owner of Arntsen & Co.
Main directorships: Chair at Synera Renewable Energy. Board member at Export Finance Norway, Fred.
Olsen Windcarrier AS, Corvus Energy and SBM Offshore N.V.
Lars Røsæg
Born: 1982, Norwegian
Experience: Broad experience from Norwegian industrial companies, member of Group Executive Board 
of Yara International ASA, 2018-2023 as EVP & CFO and later as EVP Corporate Development & 
Deputy CEO.
Education: Siviløkonom, Financing and Financial Economics, The Norwegian School of Economics and 
Business Administration (NHH) in Bergen.
Board member since: 2023. Chair of the Audit and Sustainability Committee. 
Position: Investment partner of Salvesen & Thams Invest AS and owner of Jøtul Invest AS. 
Main directorships: Various board positions on behalf of Salvesen & Thams Invest AS. Advisory board 
member at Sustainability AS.
Mikael Lundin
Born: 1966, Swedish
Experience: CEO Polhem Infra, CEO Nordpool, CEO Vattenfall Power, CFO Vattenfall Poland, CFO 
Vattenfall Europe Trading and Director Birka Kraft. 
Education: Business Administration degree from Handelshögskolan in Stockholm.
Board member since: 2018. Member of the Compensation and Organisation Committee. 
Main directorships: Chair Cleanwatts SA. Board member at LimeArc AB and Forssågruppen AB. 
Pål Erik Sjåtil
Born: 1972, Norwegian
Experience: CEO and Managing Partner Lightrock (present), Managing Partner of McKinsey Europe, 
Shareholder Council of McKinsey. Norwegian Air Force. 
Education: Master in Industrial Economics, Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in 
Trondheim.

--- Page 102 ---
102
Position: CEO and Managing Partner Lightrock, Owner of Stromsnes AS. 
Board member since: 2022. Member of the Audit and Sustainability Committee.
Kristin Halvorsen
Born: 1960, Norwegian
Experience: Minister of Finance, Minister for Education and Research, Member of the Norwegian 
Parliament. Chair Research Council Norway. 
Education: Undergraduate studies in Criminology and Social Pedagogy, University of Oslo.
Position: Director of Cicero. 
Board member since: 2024. Member of the Audit and Sustainability Committee.
Main directorships: Chair at the Norwegian Crown Prince and Crown Princess Foundation and the 
Norwegian Nuclear Power Committee. Vice Chair at Stockholm Environment Institute and CCICED.
Marte Lind (employee representative)
Born: 1983, Norwegian
Experience: Various positions within production and regulatory affairs in Statkraft.
Position: Head of Physical services consumption at Statkraft.
Education: Master of Science in Environmental Engineering, NTNU in Trondheim.
Board member since: 2022. Member of the Audit and Sustainability Committee.
Lars Mathisen (employee representative)
Born: 1975, Norwegian
Position: Head union representative, Mechanical maintenance worker.
Education: Mechanical technician.
Board member since: 2022. Member of the Compensation and Organisation Committee.
Position: Head union representative, electrician at Statkraft. 
Main directorships: Chair of EL and IT Workers Union Statkraft.
Thorbjørn Holøs (employee representative)
Born: 1957, Norwegian
Position: Head union representative, Skagerak Energi AS.
Education: Energy technician.
Board member since: 2002. Member of the Audit and Sustainability Committee.
Position: Head union representative at Skagerak Energi AS. 
Main directorships: Chair of EL and IT Workers Union Vestfold/Telemark.
The business address of each member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors is Lilleakerveien 6, 0283 Oslo, 
Norway.
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the members of 
the Board of Directors and their duties to the Issuer.
Management
The Statkraft Group is managed by the President and CEO and a group of executive vice presidents 
constituting the Corporate Management Team. The operating activities are managed by separate 
Business Units and Support Units constituting the Management Team. Each Business and Support Team 
has clear performance targets and reports to the Corporate Management Team.

--- Page 103 ---
103
CEO
Birgitte Ringstad 
Vartdal
EVP Markets 
Hallvard Granheim
EVP Corporate 
Development
Henrik Sætness
EVP Nordics 
Dag Smedbold (acting)
EVP Technology and 
Project Delivery
Ingeborg Dårflot
EVP International
Fernando de 
Lapuerta
CFO & IT
Anna Nord Bjercke
EVP Europe
Barbara Flesche
EVP People, 
Organisation and 
Sustainability
Henrik Sætness (acting)
6
Birgitte Ringstad Vartdal
Born: 1977, Norwegian
Position: President and CEO Statkraft AS and Statkraft SF.
Education: Master of Science in Physics and Mathematics from NTNU in Trondheim and a Master of 
Science in Financial Mathematics from Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh.
Background: EVP Nordics in Statkraft, EVP European Wind and Solar in Statkraft, CEO and CFO of 
Golden Ocean, various positions in Torvald Klaveness Group and Norsk Hydro.
Joined Statkraft: 2020. 
Main directorships (external): Board member at Fornybar Norge.
Ingeborg Dårflot
Born: 1979, Norwegian
Position: Executive Vice President Technology and Project Delivery.
Education: Master of science Energy and Environment, NTNU in Trondheim and Comillas Pontifical 
University, Madrid, Spain. 
Background: Several positions in Statkraft including SVP Region Middle Norway. 
Joined Statkraft: 2004.
Dag Smedbold
Born: 1962, Norwegian
Position: Executive Vice President Nordics (acting).
Education: Master of science Marine Technology, NTNU in Trondheim.
Background: Several positions in Statkraft including SVP Region North Norway.
Joined Statkraft: 1987.
Main directorships (external): Board member at Eviny AS.
6 Pål Eitrheim has been appointed as the Executive Vice President for the business area, Nordics. Mr. Eitrheim is currently Executive
Vice President for Renewables at Equinor. He will assume the position by no later than June 2025. Tone Skuterud has been
appointed Executive Vice President for the new staff area, People, Organisation, and Sustainability. Ms. Skuterud is currently Chief 
Transformation Officer at Telenor Norway and has previously worked for 12 years at Statkraft. She will assume the position by no 
later than 1 April 2025.

--- Page 104 ---
104
Anna Nord Bjercke
Born: 1972, Swedish
Position: Chief Financial Officer, EVP Finance and IT.
Education: MSc Business Administration, Linköping University, Sweden, Université de Caen and École 
Supérieure de Commerce de Nantes, France.
Background: Möller Mobility Group AS: CFO, Norway Seafoods Group AS: CFO, Statoil (Equinor/Circle 
K): Various Finance, Strategy and General Management positions within Procurement, Renewable 
Energy, Manufacturing and Marketing, Retail Europe and Nordic Energy. 
Joined Statkraft: 2024.
Main directorships (external): Board member at Bertel O. Steen.
Henrik Sætness
Born: 1972, Norwegian
Position: Executive Vice President Corporate Development and acting Executive Vice President People, 
Organisation and Sustainability.
Education: Master of Science in Industrial Economics from NTNU in Trondheim.
Background: SVP Corporate Strategy & Analysis and SVP Strategy and Development Markets in 
Statkraft. EVP Products and Consulting in Navita Systems and various positions within Energy Trading 
and Origination in Norsk Hydro.
Joined Statkraft: 2009.
Main directorships (external): Chair at FME NTRANS. Vice Chair at Eviny AS. Board Member at Oslo 
Energy Forum.
Fernando de Lapuerta
Born: 1977, Spanish
Position: Executive Vice President International.
Education: Degree in Law and Administration Icade, Madrid, Spain, MBA IESE Business School, 
Barcelona Spain, Executive Education Harvard Business School, USA. 
Background: Senior Vice President and Country Manager Statkraft Brazil, CFO Statkraft Brazil, Vice 
President Business Control South America. Various positions in Statkraft Norfund Power Invest, Iberdrola 
Renewables, ABN Amro Bank & Santander Bank. 
Joined Statkraft: 2011.
Hallvard Granheim 
Born: 1976, Norwegian
Position: Executive Vice President Markets.
Education: Master of Science in Finance from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business 
Administration (NHH) in Bergen.
Background: EVP and CFO, SVP Financial Reporting, Accounting and Tax in Statkraft. Director, 
Advisory and Auditor in Deloitte. VP Energy Sourcing and Trading in Norske Skog. 
Joined Statkraft: 2012.
Barbara Flesche
Born: 1971, German
Position: Executive Vice President Europe.
Education: Master’s degree in Economics from University of Hamburg.
Background: CEO of Solarcentury and SVP CFO in Statkraft European Wind and Solar.

--- Page 105 ---
105
Joined Statkraft: 2020.
The business address of each member of the Issuer’s Corporate Management Team is Lilleakerveien 6, 
0283 Oslo, Norway.
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the members of 
the Corporate Management Team and their duties to the Issuer.
Chief executive officer
The CEO of Statkraft is appointed by the Board of Directors. The CEO is responsible for the day-to-day 
operation of the company, including its asset management and consolidated financial results. The CEO is 
responsible for the organisation of the Statkraft Group, however, material or principal changes shall be 
presented to the Board for approval prior to implementation. The Board evaluates the CEO’s performance 
and competence on an annual basis.
Governing bodies
The Norwegian state, embodied in the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries, exercises its authority as 
the owner in the enterprise meeting of Statkraft SF. In accordance with the Articles of Association of 
Statkraft SF, Statkraft SF cannot attend and vote in a general meeting in Statkraft AS without a preceding 
decision in an enterprise meeting. The ordinary enterprise meeting and the following general meeting are 
held annually by the end of June. The Office of the Auditor General and the external auditor attend the 
enterprise meeting and the general meeting. Before the Board decides on matters assumed to be of 
significant importance for the purpose of the enterprise/company, or which will significantly change the 
character of the activities, the matter must be put before the Ministry representing the state’s ownership in 
accordance with the State Enterprise Act. Statkraft SF and Statkraft AS have identical boards.
Corporate Audit
Statkraft’s Corporate Audit is an independent function that reports to the Board and assists the Board and 
management in assessing whether the Group’s most significant risks are sufficiently managed and 
controlled. The purpose of Corporate Audit is to enhance and protect organisational value by providing 
risk-based and objective assurance, advice, and insight related to the organisation’s governance, risk 
management and internal control.
Internal audits are conducted according to an annual plan. The audit work is carried out in accordance with 
the International Standards for Internal Auditing. The annual corporate audit report is submitted to the 
Board, which also approves the audit plan for the coming year.
Corporate Audit also presents a semi-annual report to the Board’s Audit and Sustainability Committee. 
The implementation of Corporate Audit recommendations is regularly followed up.
The Head of Corporate Audit is responsible for Statkraft’s system for reporting of concerns, the 
Independent Reporting (Whistleblowing) Channel. Corporate Audit determines the follow-up of reported 
concerns it receives. In cases where an investigation is required, this is the responsibility of the Head of 
Corporate Audit.
Corporate Audit is authorised full, free, and unrestricted access to any of Statkraft’s records, physical 
properties and personnel pertinent to carrying out its work. All employees are requested to assist Corporate 
Audit in fulfilling its roles and responsibilities. The Head of Corporate Audit has a free and unrestricted 
access to the Board and the Board’s Audit and Sustainability Committee. The Board’s Audit and 
Sustainability Committee and Corporate Audit hold a minimum of one meeting per year without anyone 
from the Group’s administration being present.
Corporate governance
Statkraft adheres to the Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate Governance within the framework 
established by the company's organisation and ownership. 
Statkraft follows the Norwegian state’s principles for sound corporate governance, described in the White 
Paper, Meld. St. 6 (2022-2023) “A greener and more active state ownership – The state’s direct ownership 
of companies” and is subject to reporting requirements relating to corporate governance according to 
Section 2-9 of the Norwegian Accounting Act.

--- Page 106 ---
106
Auditor
The enterprise meeting appoints the auditor based on the Board of Directors' proposal and approves the 
auditor’s fee. Statkraft SF and Statkraft AS have the same auditor. The auditor serves until a new auditor is 
appointed. The Board of Directors and the auditor hold at least one meeting annually where the President 
and CEO and other Group executives are not present. The Audit Committee evaluates the external 
auditor’s independence and reviews the overall use of the external auditor for consultancy purposes. 
As part of the ordinary audit, the auditor presents an audit plan to the Audit Committee and a summary of 
the audit upon completion. The auditor reports in writing to Statkraft's Audit Committee concerning the 
company's internal control, applied accounting principles, significant estimates in the accounts and any 
disagreements between the auditor and the administration. The Board of Directors is briefed on the 
highlights of the auditor's reporting. 
The Group’s management system
Statkraft’s management system, “The Statkraft Way”, defines the Group’s policies and requirements and 
ensures a sound control environment for fulfilling the company’s goals and intentions. The Statkraft Way 
is informed by ISO principles.
Performance management
Statkraft has established a performance management process to ensure a clear relationship between the 
Group’s overall strategic platform and defined targets. Performance is reported and followed up through 
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). The KPIs are based on the most relevant value drivers and strategic 
ambitions for the Group. The targets are set to ensure value creation.
Risk management and internal control
Risk management is an integrated part of Statkraft’s governance model and the global management 
process. Managers at all levels of the organisation are responsible for appropriate risk management as 
described in the management process. The governance model consists of strategic objectives, risk, actions 
and KPIs to ensure strategy delivery and is followed up through scorecards. Risk management in Statkraft 
is systematic, and an integral part of all activities in the value chain. 
Statkraft's internal control includes compliance with the company's values and guidelines for ethics and 
corporate responsibility. The Compliance functions, the Group risk function, the Group Investment 
Review Unit and the Group’s internal control and fraud unit are all important functions to ensure that risk 
management and internal control are an integrated part of the activities in Statkraft.
To ensure that Statkraft has suitable and efficient systems in place for risk management and internal 
control, the Board shall:

Review the Group’s most important risk areas on a regular basis, at least once a year.

Oversee that the governance, processes and systems are adequately established, implemented and 
followed up, e.g., through processing of reports submitted to the Board by the President and CEO 
and the internal audit function.

Oversee that risk management and internal control are integrated in the Group’s strategy and 
business plans and executed according to the guidelines.
Major shareholders
Statkraft’s share capital totals NOK 33.6 billion, divided among 200 million shares of NOK 168 each. The 
shares can only be owned by Statkraft SF. 
The owner’s dividend expectation is that Statkraft pays a dividend of 85 per cent. of realised profit from 
Norwegian hydropower and 35 per cent. of realised profit from other business activities. Realised profit is 
the profit before tax, less payable taxes and adjusted for unrealised effects and minority interests. 
Dividends received from equity accounted investments are included in realised profits. The Norwegian 
hydropower business is defined in the notes to Statkraft’s consolidated financial statements that are 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular.

--- Page 107 ---
107
Financial information
Financial position
The main objectives of the Group’s capital structure management are to maintain a reasonable balance 
between solidity, investment capability and a strong credit rating. When new external financing is 
considered, Statkraft seeks to ensure an evenly distributed repayment profile. 
The target for the Group’s management of its capital structure is related to long-term credit rating. 
Statkraft AS has a long-term credit rating of A (negative outlook) from S&P and A- (negative outlook) 
from Fitch. Statkraft has a rating target of A- from S&P and BBB+ from Fitch.
The tools for long-term management of the capital structure consist primarily of the draw-down and 
repayment of long-term liabilities and payments of share capital from/to the owner. In addition, the Group 
may also adjust the level of investments to manage its capital structure. The Group endeavours to obtain 
external financing from various capital markets. The Group is not subject to any external requirements 
with regards to the management of capital structure other than those relating to the market’s expectations 
and the owner’s dividend expectations.
Statkraft issues debt primarily under its EUR 9.0 billion Euro Medium Term Note Programme listed on 
Euronext Dublin. In addition, Statkraft has a backup facility of EUR 1.3 billion supported by the Group’s 
core banks. The backup facility is due to mature in 2029. Statkraft also has an unused overdraft facility of 
NOK 2.0 billion which is renewed on an annual basis. The main cash outflows include the annual dividend 
payment, debt redemptions, tax payments in addition to planned investments and margin requirements 
related to commodity trading and hedging and foreign exchange and interest rate hedging.
Debt redemption profile7
Key figures segment
(for the financial year ended 31 December 2024)
The key figures below have been extracted from the financial statements, divided by segment. The figures 
presented below are the figures included in Statkraft’s audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2024. Segment reporting is based on underlying figures.
7 Includes commercial papers, bonds and bank debt.
NOKmillion 
50 000 
40000 
30 000 
20000 
10000 
0 
2025 
2026 
2027 
■ Loans in Statkrall AS 
2028 
2029 
>2029 
■ Loans in subsidiaries

--- Page 108 ---
108
Nordics
Important events in 2024:
•
Progressed with plans for the replacement of the Svean power plant in Central Norway, with an 
investment of NOK 1.2 billion.
•
Made a principal investment decision to invest NOK 0.9 billion in the tunnel system between 
Europe’s largest hydropower reservoir, Blåsjø, and the Saurdal power station. This project is part of a 
larger set of maintenance projects aimed at ensuring operational reliability and reducing water loss for 
future hydropower production in the 50-year-old Ulla-Førre power plant group.
•
Signed new long-term power contracts with Alcoa Norway and Hydro Energi, totalling 4.8 TWh for 
the years 2024-2027.
•
Amended a long-term industry contract to include additional volumes of 1.1 TWh per year for 2027-
2029.
•
In March 2024, the German regulator, BNetzA, initiated a process to withdraw their decision ordering 
Baltic Cable to pay surplus congestion revenues to a German Transmission System Operator. 
Consequently, a liability was derecognised, and NOK 2.58 billion recognised as other sales revenues.
Nordics had good results in 2024, even though it was lower than in 2023. The main driver for the drop in 
results was lower power prices, but good energy management led to realised prices well above spot prices.
Accounting speeification per segment 
Segments 
NOKmilioo 
2024 
Gross operat.-.g rew,m;es and other income, external 
Grossoperat.-.grevenuesandotherincome,intemal 
Gross operating re~ nues and other income underlying 
Netop&rntingre\.'ffi.lesandotherif'IC(')fMoodeflying 
Operating profit/loss (EBIT) underlying 
Unreaised value changes from embedded ell'O derivatives 
Gains/bssesfromclivestmentsofbusinessactivities 
lmpaimenWreversal of i~
iITTll!llts 
Operating profit/loss (EBIT) IFRS 
Shareofprofil/lossilequityaccountediwestmeflts 
Assets and capital employed 31 Dec 2024 
Property,plantandequipmentand intangibleassets 
Equity3CCOOltedinYestments 
Loanstoeq!Mtyaccountedinvestments 
lnventories(DS/DBS) 
--· 
Total assets 
Gapilalemployed 
Averagecap~al employed(roling 12 months) 
Reh.m on average capital emfi)yed (ROACE) 
Reh.m on average equity ac.col#lted inVfilltment (ROAE) 
DepreciaOOlls,amortisaOOllsandimpairments 
Investments in new capacity 
Maintenanceinvesunents 
Olheri'lvestments 
Investments In PPE alldlntangible assets 
Investments in new capacity for subsequent divestment {DS/DBS) 
lnvestments inshareholdings,consolidaled 
lnvestmentsinshareholdings,equityaccounted 
Investments in shareholdings, fnancial non<uTenl 
Investments in shareholdings 
Total inveslments 
Financial performance 
NOK mill 
Gross operating revenues and 
other income 
Net operatMlg revenues and other 
income 
Operating expenses 
Operating profit (EBIT) 
underlying 
- of which unrealised effects 
Unrealised value changes rrom 
embedded EUR derivatives 
Gains/losses from divestments of 
business activities 
Impairments/reversal of 
impairments 
Operating profit (EBTT) JFRS 
Share of profit/loss in equity 
accou ntec:I investmeflts 
ROACE (%) 
ROACE assets in operations(%) 
ROAE(%) 
Tota! inveslmeflts 
Generation (TWh) 
38 758 
34 863 
-10876 
23987 
·196 
3 297 
-2 
-59 
27 224 
" 
29 
4129 
2023 
46 836 
42 226 
·10 857 
31 369 
2 227 
3 181 
1 603 
2 542 
38 695 
38 
38 
20 
4438 
StatkratlAS 
Group 
90 971 
90971 
53731 
26469 
3297 
133 
.5247 
24 651 
1443 
178 183 
22495 
2475 
4617 
119893 
327663 
182800 
174044 
15.2% 
6.6% 
·12171 
6342 
2835 
5339 
14 516 
1369 
18050 
164 
156 
18470 
34355 
""""' 
3834<1 
414 
38 758 
34 863 
23 987 
3297 
-2 
.59 
27224 
1512 
86955 
17385 
11 
"' "' 
86955 
86082 
27.9% 
8.8% 
•2 787 
1480 
1362 
'"' 
161 
13 
184 
41 19 
Now 
Europe 
International 
Marl<.ets 
DistoclheaOOQ 
technok>gies 
Ot"' 
Groupilems 
9337 
""' 
35916 
1070 
1036 
234 
-365 
552 
2£1 
178 
20 
51 
1891 
·3 367 
9888 
5659 
36094 
1 090 
1088 
2124 
-3 731 
6037 
4 301 
8353 
599 
381 
2116 
·2 919 
'55 
633 
4452 
-13' 
.1461 
·221 
67 
37 
95 
-3240 
-1848 
.3 
.. 
.93 
-4058 
·1119 
4450 
-138 
•1554 
·221 
68 
72 
-1 53 
13 
41653 
42121 
168 
3729 
1 .. 
751 
945 
4196 
2 
-35 
265 
2189 
4617 
"' 
"' 
"' 
o/a 
o/a 
"' 
119 893 
"' 
"' 
"'' 
"' 
"'' 
"' 
327 663 
46270 
42121 
168 
3729 
1 .. 
750 
"' 
41 807 
39 078 
161 
3660 
2475 
782 
"' 
-2.0% 
1.6% 
"' 
-3.7".4 
o/a 
o/a 
"' 
8.1 % 
•3.8% 
"' 
o/a 
o/a 
"' 
"' 
-5356 
-3226 
-55 
-224 
-312 
·210 
1549 
4779 
150 
105 
2667 
... 
95 
297 
727 
144 
4366 
5032 
95 
297 
738 
"' 
1 369 
14502 
3548 
134 
14505 
3 548 
13' 
20239 
8579 
95 
297 
872 
"'

--- Page 109 ---
109
The decrease in net operating revenues and other income was mainly due to the lower power prices and 
lower contribution from hedging. The decrease was partly offset by the reversal of provision for Baltic 
Cable related to congestion revenues to the German regulator.
Operating expenses were stable. Increased business development cost and higher salaries and payroll costs 
due to a higher number of full-time equivalents and pension scheme adjustments were offset by the 
abolishment of the high-price contribution on Norwegian power generation from 1 October 2023.
The positive unrealised effects from derivatives excluded from the underlying operating profit were driven 
by a weakening of forward NOK against EUR.
The decrease in share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments was related to both Eviny and Å 
Energi, and was mainly due to lower power prices.
Nordics delivered a strong return on average capital employed (ROACE) at 28 per cent., but significantly 
down from 2023 due to the lower underlying EBIT. The average capital employed was at the same level as 
in 2023.
The drop in the share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments led to a lower return on average equity 
accounted investments (ROAE).
The investments were primarily related to maintenance of Nordic hydropower assets and grid activities in 
Skagerak Energi AS.
Europe
Important events in 2024:
•
Strengthened the position in Spain through the Enerfin acquisition, adding seven wind farms, with a 
total installed capacity of 552 MW, as well as projects under construction and pipeline of 224 MW.
•
Divested solar and wind farms in Ireland, Germany and France. 
•
Announced plans to divest the onshore wind, solar, and battery business in the Netherlands and 
Croatia.
The significant drop in net operating revenues and other income was primarily related to less positive 
effects from hedging activities, mainly driven by increased spark spreads for gas-fired power assets in 
Germany.
Impairments in this segment are described in the notes to Statkraft’s audited consolidated annual financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024, under the heading “Note 15 –
Impairments/reversal of impairments” (as incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular).
Operating expenses increased 38 per cent. This was mainly due to acquisition of wind farms in Germany 
in 2023 and Spain in 2024, a higher number of full-time equivalents and write-down of inventory.
The decrease in share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments was related to Wind UK Invest and 
was primarily due to lower power prices. 
The drop in ROACE was due to lower effects from financial hedging and an increase in the average 
capital employed due to acquisitions. The capital employed was relatively high due to newly built and 
acquired assets leading to high carrying values.
The ROAE decreased in line with the lower share of profit in equity accounted investments.
Financial performance 
NOKmill. 
2024 
2023 
Gross operating revenues and 
other income 
9 888 
12 288 
Net operating rewmues and olher 
income 
6037 
9 059 
Operating expenses 
-6892 
-4 980 
Operating profit (EBIT) 
underlying 
-855 
4 079 
- of which unrealised effecls 
-787 
3834 
Gains/losses from divestments of 
business activities 
37 
lmpainnents/reversal of 
impairments 
-3240 
Operating profit (EBIT} IFRS 
-4 058 
4 059 
Share of profiVloss in equity 
accounted investments 
72 
12" 
ROACE (%) 
., 
14 
ROACE assets in operations (%) 
31 
ROAE (%) 
15 
Total investments 
20239 
10 834 
Generation (TWh) 
51 
3.9

--- Page 110 ---
110
Investments were mainly related to the acquisition of Enerfin, grid activities in the UK and wind and solar 
projects in Ireland, Spain, and the Netherlands.
International 
Important events in 2024:
•
Strengthened the position in Brazil through the Enerfin acquisition, which added six wind farms, with 
an installed capacity of 630 MW in addition to projects under construction and pipeline of 216 MW. 
In addition, Statkraft’s largest wind farm outside Europe, the 519 MW Ventos de Santa Eugênia Wind 
Complex and the Morro do Cruzeiro wind complex (80 MW) was completed.
•
Inaugurated three wind farms in Chile. The wind farms, with a combined capacity of over 100 MW, 
are the first in Chile and a major milestone in Statkraft’s ambitious plans to develop and operate 
renewable energy in the country.
•
Announced plans to divest hydropower and solar assets in India.
The net operating revenues and other income increased, primarily due to the new wind power assets in 
Brazil and Chile.
Impairments in this segment are described in the notes to Statkraft’s audited consolidated annual financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024, under the heading “Note 15 –
Impairments/reversal of impairments” (as incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular).
Operating expenses increased 51 per cent., primarily related to the new assets and higher business 
development activity in line with the growth strategy.
The drop in share of profit/loss in equity accounted investments was mainly due to a non-cash loss 
following the derecognition of a shareholder loan provided to a joint venture in Chile due to a change in 
loan terms. At group level, this loss was fully offset by a gain under other financial items. Additionally, 
there were positive effects in 2023 from reversal of impairment.
The decrease in ROACE was due to higher average capital employed as a result of the acquisition of new 
assets. The segment’s capital employed was relatively high due to newly built and acquired assets leading 
to high carrying values.
The negative ROAE was primarily due to the derecognition of a shareholder loan in Chile.
The investments were mainly related to the acquisition of Enerfin, wind farms in Brazil and Chile, and 
hydropower plants in India and Chile.
Markets
Important events in 2024:
•
A 10-year fix-price wind PPA in Germany was signed. The contract started in 2024 and has an 
installed capacity of 96 GW per year. A back-to-back power supply agreement with identical contract 
periods and volumes was also signed.
•
A 15-year downstream hydro and wind PPA with the Finnish energy company Suomen Voima Oy 
was signed. The contract started this year and has a contract volume of 100 GWh per year.  
Financial performance 
NOKmill. 
2024 
2023 
Gross operating revenues and 
other income 
5659 
4 71 1 
Net operating revenues and other 
income 
4 301 
2 916 
Operating expenses 
-3667 
·2 436 
Operating profit (EBIT} 
underlying 
633 
479 
• of which unrealised effects 
GainsJlosses from divestments of 
business activities 
95 
Impairments/reversal of 
impairments 
-1 848 
-104 
Operating profit (EBrT} IFRS 
-1119 
376 
Share of prnlitlloss in equity 
accounted investments 
-153 
274 
ROACE(%) 
ROACE assets in operations(%) 
ROAE(%) 
-4 
Total investments 
8 579 
11 644 
Generation (TWh) 
8.6 
4.8

--- Page 111 ---
111
Markets had strong results in 2024, despite a significant drop in EBIT year-on-year. The result was driven 
by origination activities in the UK, as well as gains from the market integrator model, in which Statkraft 
manages risk between producers and consumers of green power in Germany, Poland, Spain, Italy and 
France. Successful power positions in Nordic portfolios also contributed positively. The contribution from 
origination was, however, lower than the exceptionally strong results in 2023. Trading activities, which 
also had strong results in 2023, had losses in 2024.
From 2024, interest income and interest expenses from cash collateral and margin calls, as well as parent 
company guarantee fees and bank guarantee fees, were reclassified from financial items to EBIT. This 
reclassification increased both operating income and operating expenses, and led to an increase in 
operating expenses. The increase in operating expenses was partly offset by significantly lower 
performance related remuneration.
District heating
Important events in 2024:
•
District heating continued to develop their business and had success with several projects, such as 
reaching 100 per cent. renewable share on the Gardermoen plant and implementing new biofueled 
base load production at Åmål plant.
•
Statkraft announced plans to divest the district heating business to prioritise growth capital to other 
activities.
Net operating revenues and other income dropped, primarily due to lower delivered heating volume and 
lower waste volume handled. 
Operating expenses increased by 14 per cent., mainly due to a higher number of full-time equivalents, 
higher operation and maintenance costs as well as business development costs.
The ROACE was -4 per cent. due to the negative underlying EBIT. The average capital employed was 
stable compared with 2023.
The investments were primarily related to improvements and reinvestments in existing assets and 
investments in extensions of the heat distribution system, mainly in Norway.
New technologies
Important events in 2024:
•
Received support from EU Innovation Fund Large Scale Call to negotiate a grant agreement for the 
planned hydrogen production in Emden in Germany. This is an important contribution to realising 
Statkraft’s ambition to become a significant player in green hydrogen in Europe.
•
Mer entered into agreements to expand the EV charging network with large deals with IKEA in 
Germany, Coop in Norway and MPREIS in Austria.
Financial performance 
NOKmill. 
2024 
2023 
Gross operating revenues and 
other income 
36094 
54861 
Net operating revenues and other 
income 
8 353 
10 278 
Operating expenses 
-3901 
-3668 
Operating profit (EBIT) 
underlying 
4 452 
6610 
- of which unrealised effects 
860 
-1362 
lmpainnentsfreversal of 
impairments 
-3 
Operating profit (EBIT) IFRS 
4450 
6610 
Total investments 
95 
76 
Financial performance 
NOKmill. 
2024 
2023 
Gross operating revenues and other income 
1 090 
1132 
Net operating revenues and other income 
599 
607 
Operating expenses 
-733 
-646 
Operating profit (EBIT) undertying 
-134 
-38 
- of which unrealised affects 
Impairments/reversal of impairments 
-4 
-4 
Operating profit (EBIT) IFRS 
-138 
-42 
ROACE(%) 
-4 
-1 
Total investments 
297 
359 
Generation {TWh) 
1.0 
1.1

--- Page 112 ---
112
•
Announced plans to find investors in the biofuel company, Silva Green Fuel and the EV charging 
company, Mer.
Net operating revenues and other income dropped 9 per cent. year-on-year, primarily related to the EV 
charging business. Operating expenses increased by 24 per cent., due to higher activity and cost levels in 
line with the growth and scale up of EV charging and ramp-up of the hydrogen business. The investments 
were primarily related to purchase of EV charging equipment and investments made by Statkraft Ventures.
Recent developments
Group
The new organisational structure in Statkraft has entailed a change in the Group’s reportable segments 
with effect from 1 January 2025.
Nordics
On 4 March 2025, the Nordic Transmission System Operators went live with a new automated energy 
activation market for manual frequency restoration reserve. Activations are now being carried out every 15 
minutes with no manual involvement. For Statkraft, the transition was successful, as it received activations 
at hydropower plants in all three regions in Norway from launch, as per the schedule.
Å Energi acquired 85 per cent. of AS Saudefaldene and 100 per cent. of Trælandsfoss power plant in 
Kvinesdal from Orkla. This agreement follows the reversion to state from 1966 and ends with transfer of 
operations to Statkraft at the end of 2030.
Financial performance 
NOKmiN. 
2024 
2023 
Gross opernting revenues and 
other income 
t 088 
t\06 
~~raling revenues and other 
38\ 
418 
Operating expenses 
-1642 
-1 489 
Operating profit (EBIT) 
underlying 
-1461 
-1 071 
- of which unrealised effects 
Impairments/reversal of 
impairments 
-93 
.. , 
Operating profit (EBIT) IFRS 
-1 554 
-1132 
Share of profit/loss in equity 
accounted investments 
13 
-72 
Total investments 
872 
1 324

--- Page 113 ---
113
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
This Offering Circular refers to, and contains, certain alternative performance measures (APMs). APMs 
are measures used by the Group within its financial publications to supplement disclosures prepared in 
accordance with IFRS and interpretations from International Financial Reporting Interpretations 
Committee, as adopted by the EU. The Group considers that these measures provide useful information to 
enhance the understanding of its financial performance. The APMs should be viewed as complementary 
to, rather than a substitute for or in isolation from, the figures determined according to the applicable 
regulatory measures and financial reporting framework. An explanation of each such metric’s components 
and calculation method can be found in the section titled “Alternative Performance Measures” on pages 
273 to 274 (inclusive) of the annual report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023
and in the section titled “Alternative Performance Measures” on pages 323 to 324 (inclusive) of the annual 
report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 (each of which is incorporated by 
reference herein).

--- Page 114 ---
114
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO DEFINITIVE REGISTERED NOTES
Registered Notes of a Series that are initially offered and sold in the United States pursuant to Section 
4(2) of the Securities Act in private placement transactions exempt from registration under the Securities 
Act to Institutional Accredited Investors who execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment 
Letter substantially in the form attached to the Agency Agreement will be issued only as Definitive 
Registered Notes, registered in the name of the purchaser thereof or its nominee. Unless otherwise set 
forth in the applicable Final Terms, such Definitive Registered Notes will be issued only in minimum 
denominations of U.S.$500,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate 
equivalents in the applicable Specified Currency). Such Definitive Registered Notes issued to 
Institutional Accredited Investors will be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and in 
the Agency Agreement and will bear the applicable legend regarding such restrictions set forth under 
“Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions” below. Institutional 
Accredited Investors that hold Definitive Registered Notes may not elect to hold such Notes through 
DTC, but transferees acquiring such Notes in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities 
Act pursuant to Rule 144A, Regulation S or Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if applicable) may take 
delivery thereof in the form of an interest in a Restricted Global Note or a Regulation S Global Note, as 
the case may be, representing Notes of the same Series.

--- Page 115 ---
115
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF RESTRICTED NOTES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any offer, resale, pledge or transfer of such Notes.
Each prospective purchaser of Legended Notes, by accepting delivery of this Offering Circular, will be 
deemed to have represented and agreed as follows:
(1)
Such offeree acknowledges that this Offering Circular is personal to such offeree and does not 
constitute an offer to any other person or to the public generally to subscribe for or otherwise 
acquire Notes. Distribution of this Offering Circular, or disclosure of any of its contents to any 
person other than such offeree and those persons, if any, retained to advise such offeree with 
respect thereto is unauthorised, and any such distribution or disclosure, without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited; and
(2)
Such offeree agrees to make no photocopies of this Offering Circular or any documents 
referred to herein.
Each purchaser of an interest in a Restricted Note offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A will be 
deemed to have acknowledged represented and agreed as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are 
not defined herein will have the meaning given to them in Rule 144A or in Regulation S as the case 
may be):
(a)
The purchaser (i) is a QIB, (ii) is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 
144A and (iii) is acquiring Notes for its own account or for the account of a QIB;
(b)
The purchaser understands that such Restricted Global Note is being offered only in a 
transaction not involving any public offering in the United States within the meaning of the 
Securities Act, such Restricted Global Note has not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or any other applicable securities law and may not be offered, sold or otherwise 
transferred unless registered pursuant to or exempt from registration under the Securities Act 
or any other applicable securities law; and that (i) if in the future the purchaser decides to 
offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Restricted Global Note, such Restricted Global 
Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) to a person who the 
seller reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, 
(B) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or (C) 
pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 
thereunder (if available) and in each of such cases in accordance with any applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction and that (ii) the purchaser will, 
and each subsequent holder of the Restricted Notes is required to, notify any purchaser of 
such Restricted Global Note from it of the resale restrictions referred to in (i) above and that 
(iii) no representation can be made as to the availability of the exemption provided by Rule 
144 under the Securities Act for resale of Notes; and
(c)
Each Restricted Global Note will bear a legend to the following effect, in addition to such 
other legends as may be necessary or appropriate, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in 
compliance with applicable law:
“THIS NOTE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER, AND 
WAS ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION UNDER, THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE “SECURITIES 
ACT”), 
AND 
MAY 
NOT 
BE 
OFFERED, 
SOLD, 
PLEDGED 
OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN 
APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM AND UNLESS IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT 
THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE 
PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A 
THEREUNDER. 
THE 
HOLDER 
OF 
THIS 
NOTE 
BY 
ITS 
ACCEPTANCE 
HEREOF 
REPRESENTS AND AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND THE DEALERS 
THAT (A) THIS NOTE MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
ONLY (1) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A

--- Page 116 ---
116
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH RULE 144A, (2) IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE 
SECURITIES 
ACT 
PROVIDED 
BY 
RULE 
144 
THEREUNDER 
(IF 
AVAILABLE) AND 
IN 
EACH 
OF 
SUCH 
CASES 
IN 
ACCORDANCE 
WITH 
ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION, AND THAT (B) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT 
HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE FROM IT OF THE 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO IN (A) ABOVE. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE.”
Each Definitive Registered Note that is offered and sold in the United States to an Institutional 
Accredited Investor pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act or in a transaction otherwise exempt 
from registration under the Securities Act will bear a legend to the following effect, in addition to such 
other legends as may be necessary or appropriate, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in compliance 
with applicable law:
“THIS NOTE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER, AND 
WAS ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION 
UNDER, 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES 
SECURITIES 
ACT 
OF 
1933, 
AS 
AMENDED, (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN 
APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM AND UNLESS IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE 
HEREOF, WHETHER 
UPON 
ORIGINAL 
ISSUANCE 
OR 
SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFER, 
ACKNOWLEDGES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND THE DEALERS THE 
RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE SET FORTH BELOW AND AGREES 
THAT IT SHALL TRANSFER THIS NOTE ONLY AS PROVIDED IN THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BY THE ISSUER ON 5 APRIL 2024. THE PURCHASER 
REPRESENTS THAT IT IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND NOT 
WITH A VIEW TO ANY SALE OR DISTRIBUTION HEREOF, SUBJECT TO ITS ABILITY TO 
RESELL THIS NOTE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A OR REGULATION S OR AS OTHERWISE 
PROVIDED BELOW AND SUBJECT IN ANY CASE TO ANY REQUIREMENT OF LAW THAT 
THE DISPOSITION OF THE PROPERTY OF ANY PURCHASER SHALL AT ALL TIMES BE 
AND REMAIN WITHIN ITS CONTROL. EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY 
NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION 
FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 
144A THEREUNDER.
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE 
ISSUER, AGREES TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTE, PRIOR TO 
THE DATE (THE “RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE”) WHICH IS TWO YEARS 
AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE LAST DATE ON 
WHICH THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF THIS 
NOTE (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH NOTE) ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER, (B) 
PURSUANT TO 
A 
REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT 
WHICH 
HAS 
BEEN 
DECLARED 
EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT 
THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A AND OTHERWISE IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A, (D) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL 
“ACCREDITED INVESTOR” WITHIN THE MEANINGS OF SUBPARAGRAPHS (a)(1), (a)(2), 
(a)(3) OR (a)(7) OF RULE 501 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT IS ACQUIRING THE 
NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF SUCH AN INSTITUTIONAL 
“ACCREDITED INVESTOR”, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THE 
SECURITIES OF U.S.$500,000 AND MULTIPLES OF U.S.$1,000 IN EXCESS THEREOF FOR 
INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR FOR OFFER OR SALE IN

--- Page 117 ---
117
CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (F) 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 (IF AVAILABLE) OR (G) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE 
EXEMPTION 
FROM 
REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS 
OF 
THE 
SECURITIES 
ACT, 
SUBJECT TO THE ISSUER’S RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER 
PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (E), (F) OR (G) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF 
COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO THE 
ISSUER AND, IN EACH OF THE FOREGOING CASES, A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER IN 
THE FORM APPEARING ON THIS NOTE IS COMPLETED AND DELIVERED BY THE 
TRANSFEROR TO THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED 
UPON THE 
REQUEST 
OF 
THE 
HOLDER 
AFTER 
THE 
RESALE 
RESTRICTION 
TERMINATION DATE. THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS 
REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE FROM IT OF THE TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO IN THIS PARAGRAPH. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE.
IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY A DEALER, THE PURCHASER AGREES TO 
PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE TRANSFER 
OF THIS NOTE IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS NOTE AND 
RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO 
TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND 
OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
THE RESALE OR TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. BY THE 
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, THE HOLDER HEREOF SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT.”
Each purchaser of Definitive Registered Notes will be required to deliver to the Issuer and the Registrar an 
IAI Investment Letter substantially in the form prescribed in the Agency Agreement. The Definitive 
Registered Notes will be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in the above legend, such letter and 
in the Agency Agreement. Inquiries concerning transfers of Notes should be made to any Dealer.

--- Page 118 ---
118
TAXATION
Norwegian Taxation
The information provided below gives a general overview, but does not purport to be a complete 
summary, of Norwegian tax law and practice related to the issue, purchase, holding and disposal of 
Notes, applicable as at the date of this Offering Circular, subject to any changes in law or practice 
occurring after such date. Such changes could possibly be made on a retroactive basis. Specific tax 
consequences may occur for different categories of holders of Notes, e.g. if the holder of Notes ceases to 
be tax resident in Norway etc. It is recommended that prospective investors consult with their own 
professional advisers as to their individual tax situation.
Holders of Notes resident in Norway for tax purposes will be subject to Norwegian income taxation on 
interest and capital gains at the applicable rate. The same applies to other persons and legal entities that are 
subject to taxation in Norway (including, but not limited to persons and legal entities carrying out business 
that is conducted in or managed from Norway, provided that the Notes are used in or connected with any 
such business activities). In such cases, interest and gains or profits realised by such persons or legal 
entities on the ownership, sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes will be subject to Norwegian taxation 
at the applicable rate. As of the date of this Offering Circular, the applicable ordinary tax rate is 22 per 
cent.
Payments of principal and interest (other than as described below regarding interest payments to related 
enterprises resident within low-tax jurisdictions) on the Notes, or gains or profits realised on the sale, 
disposal or redemption of the Notes, to or for persons or legal entities who have no connection with 
Norway other than the holding of Notes issued by the Issuer are, under present Norwegian law, not subject 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or 
Governmental charges.
Interest payments made by the payor to related enterprises (i.e. (a) a company or entity that, directly or 
indirectly, is at least 50 per cent. owned or controlled, by the payor, (b) a company or entity that, directly 
or indirectly, owns or controls at least 50 per cent. of the payor, or (c) a company or entity that, directly or 
indirectly, is at least 50 per cent. owned or controlled by a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, 
owns or controls at least 50 per cent. of the payor) of the payor that are resident within low-tax 
jurisdictions, are subject to withholding tax of 15 per cent. (unless a lower rate is provided in an applicable 
tax treaty). For the purposes of the Norwegian Taxation Act, a “low-tax jurisdiction” encompasses 
jurisdictions where the ordinary income tax on the combined profits of the company or entity is less than 
two thirds of the tax which would have been levied on the company or entity had it been resident in 
Norway. For recipients of interest payments who are related enterprises of the payor and tax resident 
within a low-tax jurisdiction within the EEA, the withholding tax is not applicable if the recipient fulfils 
certain substance requirements (including that such related enterprise must be genuinely established and 
perform genuine economic activities within the EEA).
Holders of Notes that are physical persons tax resident in Norway are subject to net wealth taxation in 
Norway.  Notes are included as part of the taxable base for this purpose.  The Notes will be valued at 
market value on 1 January in the year after the income year.  In 2025, the net wealth tax rate is 1 per cent.
of the value assessed that exceeds NOK 1.76 million. Further, if the value assessed exceeds NOK 20.7
million, the marginal net wealth tax rate is 1.1 per cent. Holder of Notes that are limited liability 
companies and similar entities are not subject to net wealth taxation in Norway. Persons or legal entities 
having no connection with Norway other than the holding of Notes are not subject to net wealth taxation in 
Norway unless such Notes are held in connection with business activities conducted in or managed from 
Norway and the Holder is a physical person. Notes held by such Holders (i.e. with limited tax liability to 
Norway) will be included in the holder's taxable base net wealth tax purposes in Norway.
No Norwegian issue tax or stamp duties are payable in connection with the issue of the Notes.
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (other than Estonia, the participating Member States). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.

--- Page 119 ---
119
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a 
fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, 
if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
Notes.

--- Page 120 ---
120
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the Clearing Systems) currently in 
effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that 
the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents or any Dealer 
takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing 
Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the 
relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents or any other party to the 
Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or 
payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any 
Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests.
Book-entry Systems
DTC
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a “clearing 
corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” 
registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants (Direct 
Participants) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of 
securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic 
computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for 
physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number 
of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc. 
and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC system is also available to 
others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (Indirect Participants and, 
together with Direct Participants, Participants).
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the Rules), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts 
with respect to Notes accepted into DTC’s book-entry settlement system (DTC Notes) as described 
below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on 
file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with 
which beneficial owners of DTC Notes (Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly 
are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their 
respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described 
above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to 
transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes.
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual 
purchaser of each DTC Note (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect 
Participants records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, 
but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written providing details of the transaction, as well as 
periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial 
Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be 
accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, 
except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued.
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their 
registration in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge 
of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct 
Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial

--- Page 121 ---
121
Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their 
customers.
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants 
to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time.
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are 
being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct 
Participant in such issue to be redeemed.
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an omnibus proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The 
omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose 
accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the omnibus 
proxy).
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit 
Direct Participants’ accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings 
shown on DTC’s records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due 
date. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or 
registered in “street name”, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the 
Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment 
of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to 
Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial 
Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants.
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will 
exchange the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in 
accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Registered 
Global Note, will be legended as set forth under “Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Restricted Notes 
and Transfer Restrictions”.
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Notes from DTC as described below.
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other.
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system.
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes
The Issuer will apply to DTC in order to have each Tranche of Notes represented by Registered Global 
Notes accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any Registered Global Notes, DTC 
or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, of the individual beneficial interests 
represented by such Registered Global Notes to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. 
Such on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial Global Note will be limited to Direct 
Participants or Indirect Participants, including the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note will be shown on, and the

--- Page 122 ---
122
transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with 
respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to 
interests of Indirect Participants).
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note registered in the 
name of DTC’s nominee will be made to the order of such nominee as the registered holder of such Note. 
In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange 
Agent on behalf of DTC’s nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions 
received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of 
interests in the Registered Global Notes in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all 
or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ 
account.
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to 
believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by 
Participants to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of 
such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the 
Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of
the Issuer.
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that 
certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer 
Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct 
Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person 
having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to pledge such Notes to persons or 
entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes 
may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any 
holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such 
Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through 
a direct or indirect participant in the DTC system.
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Notice to Purchasers and Holders of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions”, cross-market transfers 
between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance 
with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian 
(Custodian) with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited.
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date two business days after the 
trade date (T+2) and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC will generally have a 
settlement date one business day after the trade date (T+1). The customary arrangements for delivery 
versus payment will apply to such transfers.
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because 
there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on 
the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, 
certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit 
of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a 
delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements 
for payment must be made separately.

--- Page 123 ---
123
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no 
obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued 
or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents or any Dealer will be 
responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct 
or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to 
or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes 
or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.
VPS Notes
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Euronext Securities Oslo)
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS) is a Norwegian public limited liability company conducting business as a 
central securities depository (CSD) in Norway in accordance with the Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on the 
Registration of Financial Instruments, implementing Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, (the CSD Act).  The 
CSD Act requires that, among other things, all notes and bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in a 
central securities depositary authorised or recognised under Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, unless they 
are (i) denominated in NOK and offered and sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, 
or (ii) denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway.
VPS functions as a dematerialised CSD where registration of ownership, transfer and other rights to 
financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry only.  Any issuer of VPS Notes will be 
required to have an account (issuer's account) where all of its VPS Notes are registered in the name of the 
holder, and each holder is required to have their own account (investor's account) showing such person's 
holding of VPS Notes at any time.  Both the issuer and the VPS Noteholder will, for the purposes of 
registration in the VPS, have to appoint an account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank or 
Norwegian investment firm. It is possible for investors to hold VPS Notes indirectly through a nominee 
approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway.

--- Page 124 ---
124
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealers have in a programme agreement dated 28 March 2025 (the Programme Agreement) agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an 
exemption from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period (other than pursuant to Rule 144A) a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding paragraph and in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale 
of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dealers nominated by the Issuer may arrange for the offer and sale of 
Registered Notes in the United States pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Each purchaser of 
such Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of such Notes may be made in reliance upon the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. In addition, 
pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement, Definitive Registered Notes may be offered and 
sold in the United States to Institutional Accredited Investors pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities 
Act or in a transaction otherwise exempt from registration under the Securities Act. See “Notice to 
Purchasers and Holders of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions” above.
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify 
whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or

--- Page 125 ---
125
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offer contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining such prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the EUWA); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)   not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the

--- Page 126 ---
126
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes, and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended: the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not 
offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Belgium
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes 
may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of 
Article I.1, 2o of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian 
Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell,

--- Page 127 ---
127
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or 
indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.
Norway
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that this
Offering Circular has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to 
residents of Norway, other than:
(a)
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a 
total consideration of at least €100,000 per investor; or
(b)
to "qualified investors" as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation; or
(c)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "qualified investors" (as defined in Article 2(e) 
of the Prospectus Regulation)), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers for any such offer; or
(d)
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation.
The Notes shall be registered in a central securities depositary authorised or recognised under Regulation 
(EU) No. 909/2014 unless (i) the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered and sold outside of Norway 
to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and 
offered or sold outside of Norway.
Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes will only be sold in Norway to investors who have 
sufficient knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved with investing in the Notes.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.
Singapore
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors only” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has 
not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any

--- Page 128 ---
128
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
General
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for 
the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable 
Subscription Agreement.

--- Page 129 ---
129
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 29 February 2024.
Listing of Notes
The admission of Notes to the Euronext Dublin Official List will be expressed as a percentage of their 
nominal amount (excluding accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be 
admitted to the Euronext Dublin Official List and to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market will be 
admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more Global Notes initially 
representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this Offering Circular to be 
admitted to the Euronext Dublin Official List and to trading on its regulated market. The listing of the 
Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted by Euronext Dublin on or around 28 March 2025.  
In the case of VPS Notes, application may be made to the Oslo Stock Exchange for such VPS Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Oslo Børs.
Documents Available
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.statkraft.com/IR/funding/loan-documentation/ :
(i)
the Articles of Association (Vedtekter) and Certificate of Registration (Firmaattest) (with an 
English translation thereof) of the Issuer;
(ii)
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Temporary Global Notes, the 
Permanent Global Notes, the Definitive Notes, the Coupons, the Talons, the Regulation S 
Global Notes, the Restricted Global Notes and the Definitive Registered Notes (each of 
which are included in the schedules to the Trust Deed);
(iii)
a copy of this Offering Circular; and
(iv)
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this 
Offering Circular and Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such 
Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent as to its 
holding and identity) and any other information incorporated herein or therein by reference.
Clearing Systems
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer will make an 
application for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP 
and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and Common 
Code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system (including the VPS) the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC and the VPS are the entities in charge 
of keeping the records.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, the address of DTC is 570 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, NJ 07310, United States of 
America and the address of VPS is Tollbugata 2, 0152 Oslo, Norway.
Conditions for determining price
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 130 ---
130
Significant or Material Change
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the Group 
since the end of the last financial period for which audited or interim consolidated financial information 
has been published. There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the 
Issuer or the Group since the date of its last published audited consolidated financial statements.
Litigation
There are no, and have not been any, governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect in the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.
Independent Auditors
The independent auditors of the Issuer for the period ended 31 December 2023 were Deloitte AS, 
members of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (DnR), who have audited the Issuer’s 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 being incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular, without qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing. 
Deloitte AS have no material interest in the Issuer.
The current independent auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, members of The 
Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (DnR), who have audited the Issuer’s consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 being incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular, 
without qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
AS have no material interest in the Issuer.
Post-issuance information
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.
Dealers transacting with the Issuer
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.
Trustee’s Action
The Notes provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Noteholders in certain circumstances, 
but only if the Trustee is indemnified to its satisfaction. It may not be possible for the Trustee to take 
certain actions and accordingly in such circumstances the Trustee will be unable to take such actions, 
notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity to it, and it will be for Noteholders to take action directly.

--- Page 131 ---
131
Reliance by the Trustee
The Trust Deed provides that any certificate or report of the auditors of the Issuer or any other expert 
called for by or provided to the Trustee (whether or not addressed to the Trustee) in accordance with or 
for the purposes of the Trust Deed may be relied upon by the Trustee as sufficient evidence of the facts 
stated therein, whether or not any such certificate or report or any engagement letter or other document 
entered into by the Trustee and/or such auditors and/or expert in connection therewith contains any limit 
on liability (monetary or otherwise) of such auditors and/or expert. However, the Trustee will have no 
recourse to the auditors in respect of such certificates or reports unless the auditors have agreed to address 
such certificates or reports to the Trustee.

--- Page 132 ---
THE ISSUER
Statkraft AS
Lilleakerveien 6
N-0283 Oslo
Norway
THE TRUSTEE
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT
Citibank, N.A.
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
OTHER PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
Citibank Europe plc
1 North Wall Quay
Dublin 1
Ireland
VPS ACCOUNT MANAGER
Danske Bank A/S, LC & I Services / Issuer Services
Bernstorffsgade 40
DK-1577
Denmark
IRISH LISTING AGENT
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited
Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Riverside One
Dublin 2
Ireland

--- Page 133 ---
133
LEGAL ADVISERS
to the Issuer as to Norwegian Law
to the Dealers and the Trustee as to English Law
Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS
Dokkveien 1
N-0250 Oslo
Norway
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP
One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD
United Kingdom
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
to the Issuer
for the financial year ended 31 December 2023
Deloitte AS
Dronning Eufemias gate 14
PO Box 221 Sentrum
N-0103 Oslo
Norway
for the financial year ended 31 December 2024
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS
Dronning Eufemias gate 71
N-0191 Oslo
Norway
DEALERS
Banco Santander, S.A.
Ciudad Grupo Santander
Avenida de Cantabria s/n
Edificio Encinar
28660, Boadilla del Monte
Madrid
Spain
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02 RF29
Ireland
BNP PARIBAS
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
Danske Bank A/S
Bernstorffsgade 40
DK-1577 Copenhagen V
Denmark
DNB Bank ASA
Dronning Eufemias Gate 30
N-0191 Oslo
Norway
Nordea Bank Abp
Satamaradankatu 5
FI-00020 Nordea
Finland
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8
SE-106 40 Stockholm
Sweden
SMBC Bank EU AG
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt
Germany
Société Générale
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)
Blasieholmstorg 11
SE-106 70 Stockholm
Sweden
UniCredit Bank GmbH
Arabellastrasse 12
81925 Munich
Germany