--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
STATNETT SF 
(a state-owned enterprise incorporated with limited liability in The Kingdom of Norway) 
€4,000,000,000 
EURO-MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
__________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI"), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such 
approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the 
European Economic Area. This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. An application has been made 
to (i) the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to its official list (the "Euronext Dublin Official List") and to trading on its regulated 
market; and (ii) the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the "NFSA") for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to listing and trading on the regulated market of Oslo Børs ASA (the "Oslo Stock 
Exchange"), in each case during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. Euronext Dublin's regulated market and 
the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market are regulated markets for the purposes of EU MiFID II. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned a rating of A2 by Moody's Deutschland GmbH. 
("Moody's") and A+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). Each of Moody’s and S&P is established in the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA") and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). Each of the ratings Moody's and S&P have given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme are endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, 
which are each established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") to be issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms (as 
defined herein). Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer, the Programme or 
to Notes already issued. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
FOR A DISCUSSION OF RISKS AND OTHER FACTORS THAT SHOULD BE CONSIDERED IN 
CONNECTION WITH ANY INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES, SEE "RISK FACTORS" ON PAGE 1 BELOW. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of 
Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 2 ---
________________________ 
Arranger for the Programme 
NATWEST MARKETS 
 
 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB  
DANSKE BANK  
HANDELSBANKEN CAPITAL 
MARKETS 
NATWEST MARKETS 
NORDEA 
SEB 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 19 May 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
- i - 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Statnett SF (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge and belief 
of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
References herein to the "Base Prospectus" are to this document. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms"). This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any amendment 
or supplement thereto and with any other information incorporated by reference and, in relation to any 
Series (as defined below) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website 
of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
The Issuer has confirmed to the dealers (the "Dealers") named under "Subscription and Sale" below that 
this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material 
respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to 
the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Trustee or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus. No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates, and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty 
or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the 
Issuer since the date hereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or the balance sheet date of the most recent financial statements which 
are deemed to be incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, 
if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by the terms and conditions of the Notes and/or by law. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, the 
Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Additionally, 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered within Norway or to or for the account 
or benefit of persons domiciled in Norway, unless the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes (as 
defined below) and the registration in the Securities Depository (as defined below) of VPS Notes have been 
complied with.

--- Page 4 ---
- ii - 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken 
to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer. 
Each Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be assigned credit ratings as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (1) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisations. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent: 
(i) 
the Notes are legal investments for it; 
(ii) 
the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and; 
(iii) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of the Notes. Potential investors that are financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 ("IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act, as amended ("FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key

--- Page 5 ---
- iii - 
 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the EU 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR / target market- The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
Benchmark Regulation 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate ("NIBOR") and 
Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate ("STIBOR") and any other interest rates or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others 
are still to be implemented. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, 
subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to 
a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR or another "benchmark" rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. In 
addition, each of the EU Benchmarks Regulations and the UK Benchmarks Regulations stipulates that each 
administrator of a "benchmark" regulated thereunder must be licensed by the competent authority of the 
Member State (in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation) or the UK (in the case of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) where such administrator is located or if it is based in a non-EU jurisdiction (in the case of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation) or outside of the UK (in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation), satisfy 
the equivalence conditions or be recognised or endorsed (the "Approval"). There is a risk that 
administrators of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain the necessary Approval, preventing them from 
continuing to provide such benchmarks. Other administrators may cease to administer certain 
"benchmarks" because of the additional costs of compliance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated therewith. There is also 
a risk that certain benchmarks may continue to be administered but may in time become obsolete.

--- Page 6 ---
- iv - 
 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 5 March 2021, the FCA announced the future cessation or 
loss of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR benchmark settings. Therefore, since 31 December 2021, most 
LIBOR settings have ceased to be available. While publication of the 1-, 3- and 6-month GBP and JPY 
tenors will continue at least until the end of 2022 on the basis of a ‘synthetic’ methodology, these rates are 
solely available for use in legacy transactions. In addition, while certain USD LIBOR tenors are expected 
to continue to be published until 30 June 2023, U.S. regulators and the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
have published guidance instructing banks to cease entering into new contracts referencing USD LIBOR 
no later than 31 December 2021, with limited exceptions. 
The implementation of these and other reforms have caused and may in the future cause the benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, or the benchmark to be eliminated entirely, or have other consequences 
that cannot be fully predicted. The elimination of the EURIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or 
changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the 
interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 5.4), or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark. Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, 
the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a published benchmark becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest 
could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for 
a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to the 
"Prospectus Regulation" are to Regulation 2017/1129, references to "US$", "USD", "dollars" or "US 
dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "£", "GBP" and "Pounds 
Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "€", "EUR" or "euro" are to the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined 
in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as 
amended, and references to "NOK" or "Norwegian Kroner" are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of 
Norway. 
Save where the context otherwise requires, references in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether 
primary legislation or regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall 
be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State will be 
made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as 
completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor does it authorise, 
the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 7 ---
- v - 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", 
"expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", 
"continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of the Issuer are forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these 
forward-looking statements. These forward looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we expect to operate in 
the future. Important factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially from those in the forward looking statements include, among other factors described in this Base 
Prospectus: 
• 
our ability to realise the benefits we expect from existing and future investments in our existing 
operations and pending expansion and development projects; 
• 
our ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to undertake planned or 
proposed development projects; 
• 
our ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund our existing and future 
operations; 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which we and our 
customers operate; 
• 
changes in the competitive environment in which we and our customers operate; 
• 
failure to comply with regulations applicable to our business; and 
• 
fluctuations in the currency exchange rates in the markets in which we operate. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or 
on behalf of the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update 
forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 8 ---
- vi - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................................. i 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................. vii 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 10 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 12 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 13 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 49 
THE ISSUER'S BUSINESS ....................................................................................................................... 60 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 67 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 70 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 74

--- Page 9 ---
- vii - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a brief description only and should be read in conjunction with the rest of this document 
and, in relation to any Notes, in conjunction with the relevant Final Terms and, to the extent applicable, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out herein. 
This section constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Issuer: 
Statnett SF 
 
Arranger: 
NatWest Markets N.V.  
 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, Danske Bank A/S, NatWest Markets N.V., Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and any other dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche (as defined below) of Notes.  
 
Trustee: 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
 
Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
 
VPS Account 
Manager: 
To be appointed by the Issuer prior to the issue of any VPS Notes. 
 
Initial 
Programme 
Amount: 
€4,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency 
shall be translated into euros at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes using the 
spot rate of exchange for the purchase of such currency against payment of euros being 
quoted by the Principal Paying Agent on the date on which the Relevant Agreement 
in respect of the relevant Tranche (as defined below) was made or such other date as 
the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the Trustee may agree) in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The maximum aggregate principal 
amount of Notes which may be outstanding under the Programme may be increased 
from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement (as defined below) and the Trust Deed. 
 
Issuance in 
Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series"). Each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates. 
The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that (i) the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches and (ii) a Series may comprise Notes in bearer form and Notes in 
registered form and Notes in more than one denomination. The Notes of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes in bearer form and Notes in registered form and may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. For the avoidance of doubt, a Tranche that comprises VPS Notes may 
not also comprise Notes in bearer form or Notes in registered form, though it may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued 
in uncertificated book entry form, as more fully described under the section entitled 
"Form of the Notes" below. On or before the issue date of each Tranche of VPS Notes 
entries may be made with the VPS to evidence the debt represented by such VPS Notes 
to accountholders with the VPS. VPS Notes will be issued in accordance with the laws 
and regulations applicable to VPS Notes from time to time. 
 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form, registered form or in uncertificated book entry 
form registered in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Securities Depository 
Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 in a Securities Depository approved or acknowledged 
under the EU central securities depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 10 ---
- viii - 
 
909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union 
and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 
2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms will be the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (the "VPS") (the "VPS Notes"). 
 
"Securities Depository" means a securities depository approved or acknowledged 
under the EU central securities depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 
909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union 
and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 
2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms will be the VPS. 
 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title. 
Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting of VPS Notes to 
accounts with the VPS.  
 
 
In respect of each Tranche of Notes issued in bearer form, the Issuer will deliver a 
temporary global Note or a permanent global Note, as shall be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Each global Note in bearer form which is not intended to be 
issued in new global note form ("CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or before the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
each Global Note in bearer form which is intended to be issued in new global note 
form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Depositing the Global Notes with the 
Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the bearer Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
Each temporary global Note will be exchangeable for a permanent global Note or, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Notes in definitive bearer form and/or (in 
the case of a Series comprising both bearer and registered Notes and if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) registered form in accordance with its terms. Each 
permanent global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in definitive bearer form and/or 
(in the case of a Series comprising both bearer and registered Notes and if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) registered form in accordance with its terms. Notes in 
definitive bearer form will, if interest-bearing, have interest coupons ("Coupons") 
attached and, if appropriate, a talon ("Talon") for further Coupons and will, if the 
principal thereof is repayable by instalments, have a grid for recording the payment of 
principal endorsed thereon or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have 
payment receipts ("Receipts") attached. 
Notes in registered form may not be exchanged for Notes in bearer form. VPS Notes 
may not be exchanged for bearer Notes or registered Notes and vice versa. 
 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies (including, without 
limitation, euro ("EUR"), Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Pounds Sterling ("GBP"), 
Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), Swedish Kronor ("SEK") and 
United States dollars ("USD")) subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
 
Status: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. The obligations of the Issuer under 
any Note will rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured 
creditors save those whose claims are preferred solely by any laws of general 
application relating to creditors' rights.

--- Page 11 ---
- ix - 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price on a fully paid basis, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. 
 
Maturities: 
Any maturity between twelve months and thirty years, subject, in relation to specific 
currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds 
are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the 
Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, such Notes must (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other redemption amount (including, if 
applicable, the Make-Whole Redemption Price) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Optional 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of (i) the Issuer 
(either in whole or in part); (ii) the Holders, or (iii) the Holders in the event of a Change 
of Control of the Issuer in each case to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Early 
Redemption: 
Other than as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early redemption will be 
permitted for taxation reasons as mentioned below in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes − Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons". 
 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue at 
a fixed or floating rate and may vary during the lifetime of the relevant Series. The 
terms and conditions also provide for additional fallbacks in the events that one or 
more benchmark rates used to determine the interest payable on the Notes is 
discontinued. 
 
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency). Subject thereto, Notes will 
be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or 
any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject to 
certain exceptions) pay such additional amounts as will result in the holders of Notes 
or Coupons receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such 
Notes or Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
 
Events of 
Default: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes will contain events of default, as more fully 
described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes − Events of Default" below.

--- Page 12 ---
- x - 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes will contain a Negative Pledge, as more fully 
described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes − Negative Pledge" below. 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, all related contractual documentation and all non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with such Notes and related contractual documentation 
will be governed by English law. VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian 
Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6, (as amended from time to time) 
and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights, and are subject to the 
obligations and liabilities, which arise under this Act and any related regulations and 
legislation. 
 
Listing: 
Each Series of Notes may be admitted to listing in Ireland on the Euronext Dublin 
Official List and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, with a secondary 
listing in Norway on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be unlisted, or may be listed on a non-EU 
regulated market. 
 
Terms and 
Conditions: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes, a copy of which 
will, in the case of Notes to be listed (i) on the Euronext Dublin Official List and traded 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, be delivered to the Central Bank of 
Ireland and Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of such Notes, and(ii) on 
the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and traded on the regulated market 
of the Oslo Stock Exchange, be delivered to the Oslo Stock Exchange. The terms and 
conditions applicable to each Tranche will be those set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Clearing 
Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the VPS. 
 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on 
the distribution of offering materials, including the Base Prospectus in the United 
States of America, the United Kingdom, the Kingdom of Norway, The Netherlands 
and Japan, see the section entitled "Subscription and Sale" below. 
 
Redenomination: 
The Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes will indicate whether the Issuer may elect that, 
with effect from the Redenomination Date, the Notes of that Tranche shall be 
redenominated in euro (if Redenomination is specified) or become exchangeable for 
Notes denominated in euro (if Exchangeability is specified). 
 
Risk Factors: 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risk. See the section entitled "Risk 
Factors" below.

--- Page 13 ---
- 1 - 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should note that the following factors constitute material risks known to the Issuer 
that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme and 
that they could lose some or all of their investment. All of these factors are contingencies which may or 
may not occur. 
In addition, factors which may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are described below. 
This section contains reference to all risk factors that the Issuer currently considers may be material to 
prospective investors in relation to the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus prior to making any decision to invest in Notes issued under the Programme. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer. A purchaser of Notes relies on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and no other person. Investment in the Notes involves the risk that 
subsequent changes in actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market 
value of the Notes. 
A. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business and operations 
Risks related to the functioning of the power system 
Large blackouts in the Norwegian or Nordic power system could occur due to: 
(i) 
severe or simultaneous faults in the Transmission Grid (as defined in the section entitled "The 
Issuer's Business - Business Overview" below); 
(ii) 
malfunctioning of the network control system caused by cyberattacks or otherwise; 
(iii) 
inadequate production capacity; or 
(iv) 
an external incident, 
 
any of which could prevent the operation of the Transmission Grid partially or in its entirety. Although 
the Issuer has prepared for such events by developing various emergency provisions, a large black-out 
or substantial reduction in transmission capacity may have a negative impact on the Issuer's financial 
position or reputation. 
Operational risk and project execution risk 
Operating margins for the Transmission Grid are narrow, and despite significant investment, some of 
the old facilities are approaching the end of their lifetime. Investments and reinvestments will continue, 
but there are risks associated with the realisation of these projects in accordance with the existing plans. 
Delays and deferrals can lead to extended periods with higher electricity supply risks, as well as delays 
to regulated revenues. 
Fault in components during N-0 operation is the risk which most often causes interruptions in the power 
supply. N-0 operation means that a fault in a single component will cause a power outage for end-users. 
In recent years, many consumption areas have been supplied by N-0 operation for the whole or parts of 
the year, and this is expected to continue until further investments in the Transmission Grid have been 
realised. 
Challenging weather conditions may lead to operational defaults, disruptions and damages to the 
Transmission Grid. Such operational risks may, if they occur, have cost and reputation consequences for 
the Issuer. 
Other operating risks of relevance to the Issuer include hacking and security attacks on the Issuer's 
operational systems. Although the Issuer has in place well developed emergency preparedness routines, 
such risks may if they materialise, in a worst case scenario, cause severe damage to the Issuer's systems

--- Page 14 ---
- 2 - 
and thereby put at risk the increasing amount of personal and system data held and operated by the 
Issuer, challenge the security of supply and challenge the balancing of the Norwegian power system. If 
such risks materialise, it may have cost and reputational consequences. 
Risks relating to ownership by the Norwegian state 
The Issuer is wholly owned by the Norwegian state, through the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy. The 
Issuer is dependent on extensive public support in order to maintain its business, both in terms of 
oversight and control by the government as owner as well as ensuring a satisfactory capitalisation to 
enable the Issuer to upgrade and renew its assets. 
The Norwegian state, through its ownership, has the power to decide matters submitted for approval at the 
general meeting of the Issuer, such as approval of the annual financial statements, declarations of 
dividends, amendments to the Issuer's articles of association and the election and removal of members 
of the Issuer's Board of Directors. The Norwegian state, as owner of the Issuer, may also decide to 
implement changes in the nature and scope of the Issuer's business (through disposals/divestments, 
acquisitions and otherwise). 
Risks relating to COVID-19  
The coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic has affected the entire world since early 2020 and has prompted 
considerable uncertainty related to consequences at the macro level in Norway, Europe and globally. 
Although the majority of the Norwegian population is vaccinated, there is still uncertainty that could 
continue for some time such as the effect of the various vaccines and new mutations of the virus. The 
Issuer's main goal throughout the pandemic has been, and will continue to be, to maintain a secure power 
supply. 
The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated protective measures could lead to adverse 
economic developments that may affect the Issuer’s business in several ways. This includes, without 
limitation, project and maintenance delays and resulting increased risk of disturbances to the operation of 
the Transmission Grid and, in extreme cases, such events may be significantly more severe than similar 
incidents that the Issuer has experienced to date and they may threaten the functioning of the Norwegian 
and Nordic power systems (which again may lead to black-outs). 
The final impact of COVID-19 is outside of the Issuer's control. Notwithstanding the lack of control of 
the Issuer, the operation of the power system has priority, and at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Issuer has not experienced any major disruptions to the operation of the power system due to the COVID-
19 pandemic.  
The final economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic may include cost increases, delays and 
supply chain disruptions which affect the Issuer financially. Under the current regulatory framework, 
changes in the Issuer's cost of operations are included in the regulated revenue calculation with a two-year 
time lag, and investments are not reflected in regulated revenues until ready for operation.  
The Issuer operates critical infrastructure for which there will always be a demand, and the regulated 
allowed revenue is generally not affected by fluctuations in transmission volumes. Customer defaults in 
payments have been extremely rare, and when they occur, the loss enters the cost base under the current 
regulated revenue calculation and are ultimately compensated by all customers.  
Volatility in financial markets associated with pandemics may have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
financing and liquidity. The degree to which new COVID-19 mutations impact the Issuer’s financial 
results, funding or liquidity, will depend on future developments, which, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, remain uncertain. These developments may include, but are not limited to, the duration and 
severity of any resurgence of COVID-19 variants, future actions taken by governments, central banks and 
third parties to contain the virus or treat its impact, the extent and effectiveness of economic stimulus 
taken to mitigate the effect of measures implemented to contain the virus or treat its impact and how 
quickly and to what extent normal economic and business activity can resume. 
Risks related to health and safety matters and the environment 
The Issuer operates the Transmission Grid and there is an inherent risk to employees of the Issuer or other 
personnel working in such an environment. Accidents may occur for a variety of reasons, including

--- Page 15 ---
- 3 - 
malfunctions of the communication systems, insufficiently skilled third parties or subcontractors, or 
external influences such as exceptional weather conditions. 
In addition, electric or magnetic fields in the area surrounding power lines may have long-term effects 
on people's health, although such a possibility has been examined extensively and no adverse effects 
have been proven. The occurrence of any of these events may have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
financial position or reputation. 
The Issuer is dependent on a limited number of key suppliers 
The Issuer is dependent on a limited number of key suppliers. Such suppliers could encounter capacity 
constraints, extended production delays, and other issues which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. Further, should such 
suppliers encounter financial, regulatory or operational difficulties, the Issuer may not be able to enforce 
warranty claims or may face difficulties in placing orders for upgrading, refurbishing and life extension 
of assets. 
Risk of losses in treasury operations 
The Issuer aims to identify and manage its financial risks, the most significant of which are liquidity 
risk, refinancing risk, interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, credit risk and counterparty risk. To address 
these risks, the Issuer has defined clear limits for minimum liquidity reserves, average time to maturity, 
modified duration, exchange rate exposure and counterparty exposure. Despite these risk management 
policies, the Issuer may incur losses in relation to its treasury operations, which may have a negative 
impact on its financial position. 
Terrorism could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operation or prospects 
Security threats such as acts of terrorism and cyber-attacks against the Issuer could result in losses. No 
assurances can be made that such attacks will not occur in the future and adversely impact its operations. 
Failure to manage the foregoing risks could result in injury or loss of life, damage to the environment 
and damage to or the destruction of assets. The Issuer could face, among other things, regulatory action, 
legal liability, damage to its reputation, a significant reduction in revenues, an increase in costs, a 
shutdown of operations and a loss of its investments in affected areas. 
Risk related to Russia's military invasion of Ukraine 
The consequences of Russia's military invasion of Ukraine, including but not limited to financial 
sanctions of unprecedented strength and width and geopolitical instability, could lead to adverse 
economic developments that may also affect the Issuer’s business in several ways, such as increased 
volatility in financial markets and limitations in market access, as well as supply chain disruptions 
resulting in project and maintenance delays and cost increases.  
It is currently not possible to predict the full consequences for the Issuer of the ongoing war in Ukraine, 
and the risk of a wider European conflict, but the adverse negative effects are expected to be long-term.  
B. 
Risks relating to regulation 
Regulatory considerations 
Transmission Grid ownership has been defined as a natural monopoly as customers are obliged to buy 
grid services in order to receive electricity. The Issuer's operations are, therefore, regulated by the 
Energy Act and appurtenant regulations, and by the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate 
(the "NVE"), a regulatory agency related to the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy. Following the entry 
into force of changes to the Energy Act as a result of the implementation of the EU Third Internal Energy 
Market Package in 2019, the Issuer's mandate and operations will also be subject to certification and 
regulation by the Norwegian Regulating Authority for Energy (the "RME"). Implementation of the EU 
Third Internal Energy Market Package and subsequent regulations may also result in other changes in 
the Issuer's organisation and operations.

--- Page 16 ---
- 4 - 
Transmission Grid companies in general, and TSOs in particular, are regarded as systemically important 
by governments and regulators in Norway and the EU, and the regulatory regime affecting the Issuer 
and its operations is therefore subject to repeated reviews. It is therefore likely that the applicable 
regulatory system may change over time. Changes in the regulation of the Issuer's operations may have 
a negative impact on the Issuer's financial position. 
Revenue Cap risk 
The RME determines revenue caps that specify the maximum permitted annual income for each grid 
company (the "Revenue Cap"). For the purposes of the Revenue Cap, the Issuer's revenue is calculated 
based on historical costs and a defined and regulated rate of return on its regulatory asset base. Changes 
in the interest rate will affect the Issuer's earnings and, notwithstanding that any negative impact of such 
changes on the Issuer's earnings will be partly offset by a reduction in the Issuer's interest rate costs, 
such interest rate changes could still have a material impact on the Issuer's earnings. Also, RME's measure 
of the Issuer's cost efficiency influences the Revenue Cap. The Issuer has historically been measured as 
100% efficient based upon multiple benchmarks with other European TSOs. In 2020, the RME proposed 
changes to the method for calculating the Issuer's cost efficiency which could have the effect of 
negatively impacting the Revenue Cap. Following a public consultation process and dialogue with the 
Issuer, the RME concluded in April 2021 with an adjusted methodology which will come into effect 
from and including the accounting year 2021. The external TSO benchmarking will be replaced by 
comparing the Issuer's costs during a single year against the Issuer's own historical costs over a 
preceding five year period with two years timelag, adjusted for inflation and a certain productivity 
requirement. RME has announced that it will apply a 96.3 per cent efficiency score for Statnett for the 
accounting year 2022. Future benchmarks could potentially yield poorer results and affect the Revenue 
Cap negatively. 
The RME has stated that the parameters in the regulated rate of return shall be evaluated from time to 
time. The measured efficiency of the Issuer and changes to the regulated rate of return and method for 
calculating the Revenue Cap may have an important impact on the Issuer's earnings. 
C.  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. Some of these Notes may have certain 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common of these features: 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes and, if applicable, the Coupons relating to the Notes constitute 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall rank pari passu and without preference among themselves. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and, if applicable, the Coupons relating to the 
Notes shall, save for any exemptions, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer present and future. However, as 
unsecured obligations, the Notes and, if applicable, the Coupons relating to the Notes will, on winding-
up or liquidation of the Issuer, rank junior in priority to any secured obligations of the Issuer (if any), 
and if the Issuer is insolvent a Noteholder (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) may lose all or some 
of his or her investment. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If a Note contains an optional redemption feature (including one containing a make-whole provision) it 
is likely to limit its market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of any such Notes will generally not rise substantially above the price at which these Notes 
can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at the time. 
Regulation and reform of benchmarks could adversely affect any Notes linked to such "benchmarks"

--- Page 17 ---
- 5 - 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a 
benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 
2016 and has applied from 1 January 2018 (with the exception of provisions specified in Article 59 
(mainly on critical benchmarks) that have applied since 30 June 2016) (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") which also forms part of law in the UK (subject to amendments to make it operate 
effectively in the UK) pursuant to the application of UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation"). The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the 
benchmark published rate or level, of the benchmark. In addition, the EU Benchmarks Regulation and 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder 
must be authorised or registered by the competent authority of the Member State (in the case of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation) or the UK (in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation) where such 
administrator is located or if it is based in a non-EU jurisdiction (in the case of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation) or outside of the UK (in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation), satisfy the equivalence 
conditions or be recognised or endorsed (the "Approval"). There is a risk that administrators of certain 
benchmarks will fail to obtain the necessary Approval, preventing them from continuing to provide such 
benchmarks. Other administrators may cease to administer certain benchmarks because of the additional 
costs of compliance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation and other 
applicable regulations, and the risks associated therewith. There is also a risk that certain benchmarks 
may continue to be administered but may in time become obsolete. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 5 March 2021, the FCA announced the future cessation 
or loss of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR benchmark settings. Therefore, since 31 December 2021, 
most LIBOR settings have ceased to be available. While publication of the 1-, 3- and 6-month GBP and 
JPY tenors will continue at least until the end of 2022 on the basis of a 'synthetic' methodology, these 
rates are solely available for use in legacy transactions. In addition, while certain USD LIBOR tenors 
are expected to continue to be published until 30 June 2023, U.S. regulators and the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority have published guidance instructing banks to cease entering into new contracts 
referencing USD LIBOR no later than 31 December 2021, with limited exceptions. 
 
In addition, EURIBOR has been subject to reform and is currently not intended to be replaced with an 
alternative rate and will remain in existence in the medium term. On 13 September 2018, the working 
group on euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for 
the euro area and €STR has been published by the ECB since October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 
2019, the euro risk free rate working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in 
new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area 
financial system. 
The implementation of these and other reforms have caused and may in the future cause the benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, or the benchmark to be eliminated entirely, or have other 
consequences that cannot be fully predicted. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could require 
or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the Conditions or result in other consequences, in 
respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any 
changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such 
benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on 
the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out below, provide for certain fallback arrangements which 
will apply where a published benchmark becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of 
interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or

--- Page 18 ---
- 6 - 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate 
Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating 
Rate Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their 
own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the benchmarks regulation reforms in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If Notes are structured to include multiples 
or other leverage factors, or a cap or a floor, or any combination of those features, their market values 
may be even more volatile than those for Notes that do not include these features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate. The market values of such Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference 
rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest 
rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed / Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest 
rate may affect the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the interest 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a 'Green Bond', there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the specific investment criteria of an investor 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the 
Issuer’s intention to apply the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and 
activities that promote climate friendly and other environmental purposes ("Green Projects"). Prospective 
investors should have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of 
proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Green 
Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Green Projects).

--- Page 19 ---
- 7 - 
CICERO Shades of Green AS has provided a second opinion on the Issuer's Green Bond Framework 
("Compliance Opinion"), confirming that any Green Bonds are in compliance with the Green Bond 
Principles, as published by the International Capital Market Association (which serves as the secretariat 
to the Green Bond Principles) (the "Green Bond Principles"). The Green Bond Principles are a set of 
voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the 
development of the green bond market. For the avoidance of doubt, the Compliance Opinion is not, nor 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus or the applicable 
Final Terms. The Compliance Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure of the relevant Series of Green Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other 
factors that may affect the price or value of the Green Bonds. The Compliance Opinion is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as at its date of issue. 
While the Green Bond Principles do provide a high level framework, there is currently no clearly defined 
definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or 
"sustainable" or an equivalently labelled project, or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, nor can any 
assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, 
any Green Projects. 
 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification (i) is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus, 
(ii) is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and (iii) would only be current as of the date that it was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, for example with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects. 
Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or 
made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified in, or substantially 
in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) 
or use(s) (including those the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects) will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such project(s) or use(s). Nor can there 
be any assurance that any Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by 
the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any project(s) or use(s), including 
any Green Projects, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any such 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed

--- Page 20 ---
- 8 - 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to 
finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
D. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interest generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
Noteholders: 
(i) 
agree to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach 
of, any of the provisions of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event 
of Default (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) shall not be treated as such. 
 
Change in law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Trading in the clearing systems 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of €100,000 plus a higher integral 
multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case 
a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than €100,000 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to €100,000. 
E. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk, in respect of Notes issued under the Programme: 
The secondary market generally 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell the Notes easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal in a currency and any premium and interest on each Note in a currency or 
currencies as specified in the terms of that Note. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the "Investor's Currency") other than the currency specified in the terms of the Note. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
currency specified in the terms of the Note, or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An

--- Page 21 ---
- 9 - 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the currency specified in the terms of the 
Note would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency's equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes and/or the 
Issuer itself. The credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may adversely affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be raised or 
withdrawn by a credit rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non- 
EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms if the relevant Series of Notes is to be rated. 
Dealer appointed as Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the 
market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
Risk factors pertaining to the conditions of the Norwegian and international financial system 
The Issuer's ability to access or continue to access domestic and international capital markets and lenders 
to the extent sufficient to meet its funding needs, including the refinancing of outstanding debt falling due, 
investment in new assets and the upgrade and maintenance of existing assets, may be adversely affected by 
a number of factors, including Norwegian and international economic conditions and the state of the 
Norwegian and the international financial system.

--- Page 22 ---
- 10 - 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information has been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin and shall 
be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditors' reports thereon and 
notes thereto) of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 (available at 
https://www.statnett.no/en/about-statnett/investor-relations/annual-and-semi-annual-reports/); 
(b) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 15 to 41 of the base prospectus dated 25 April 2006 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?D
ocumentId=88552547); 
(c) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 14 to 38 of the base prospectus dated 24 April 2007 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?D
ocumentId=88552563); 
(d) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 16 to 44 of the base prospectus dated 8 May 2008 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?D
ocumentId=88552583); 
(e) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 12 to 41 of the base prospectus dated 6 May 2009 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?D
ocumentId=88552631); 
(f) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 12 to 41 of the base prospectus dated 10 May 2010 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?D
ocumentId=88552632); 
(g) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 12 to 41 of the base prospectus dated 25 May 2011 
relating to the Programme, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
https://data.fca.org.uk/artefacts/NSM/data-migration/26332654.pdf); 
(h) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 12 to 43 of the base prospectus dated 23 May 2012 
relating to the Programme, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
https://data.fca.org.uk/artefacts/NSM/data-migration/39190803.pdf); 
(i) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 12 to 42 of the base prospectus dated 24 May 2013 
relating to the Programme, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?D
ocumentId=52670089); 
(j) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 13 to 44 of the base prospectus dated 23 May 2014 
relating to the Programme, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?D
ocumentId=66660474); 
(k) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 13 to 44 of the base prospectus dated 26 May 2015 
relating to the Programme, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?D
ocumentId=89755157); 
(l) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 12 to 43 of the base prospectus dated 26 May 2016 
relating to the Programme, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?D
ocumentId=111987401);

--- Page 23 ---
- 11 - 
(m) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 12 to 44 of the base prospectus dated 9 May 2017 relating 
to the Programme, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?D
ocumentId=133303442);  
(n) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 15 to 47 of the base prospectus dated 22 May 2018 
relating to the Programme, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
http://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?D
ocumentId=172653720);  
(o) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 12 to 47 of the base prospectus dated 23 May 2019 
relating to the Programme, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
https://tools.morningstar.co.uk/tsweu6nqxu/globaldocuments/document/documentHandler.ashx?
DocumentId=222905579);  
(p) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 13 to 49 of the base prospectus dated 26 May 2020 
relating to the Programme, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/9940N_1-2020-5-26.pdf); and 
(q) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 13 to 48 of the base prospectus dated 27 May 2021 
relating to the Programme, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available at 
https://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/1052A_1-2021-5-27.pdf); 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected during normal business hours, free of charge, at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent and Registrar and from the head office of the Issuer. Copies of the documents 
specified above will also be available for viewing at the National Storage Mechanism at 
https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanism. Please note that websites and urls referred to 
herein do not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any information contained in any of the documents 
specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to 
investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, information contained on the website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
If the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus themselves incorporate any 
information or other documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents 
will not form part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation except where such 
information or other documents are specifically incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
- 12 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes or for 
green projects or as may otherwise be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Where the net proceeds of an issue of Notes are used for green projects in accordance with the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework, such Notes may be referred to as "Green Bonds". The Green Bond Framework 
has set out, amongst other things, the type of projects and investments that are eligible for allocation of 
proceeds raised from Green Bonds, the process around selection and approval of allocation of proceeds to 
green projects and how the Issuer will manage and report on the proceeds of its Green Bonds. The proceeds 
of Green Bonds may be used for projects that facilitate the connection of renewable power, that enable the 
efficient use of clean energy or that increase the size of the market for renewable energy. The Green Bond 
Framework has identified that the proceeds of Green Bonds will not be used to finance nuclear or fossil 
energy generation projects. Any proceeds raised from the issue of Green Bonds will be held in a dedicated 
account that will support the funding of projects and activities that promote climate friendly and other 
environmental purposes, that may be referred to as "Green Projects". As long as the Green Bonds are 
outstanding and the dedicated account has a positive balance, funds will be deducted at the end of every 
fiscal quarter and attributed to the Issuer’s portfolio of Green Projects. The amounts deducted from the 
dedicated account will be an amount equal to all disbursements made during such quarter in respect of the 
financing or refinancing of Green Projects.  
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") Green 
Bond Principles ("GBP"), only such tranches will be denominated "Green Bonds". 
The Green Bond Framework is available on the investor relations section of the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.statnett.no/en/about-statnett/investor-relations/green-financing/).

--- Page 25 ---
- 13 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, 
will be applicable to each Series of Notes. 
The Notes (as defined in Condition 1.1) are constituted by an amended and restated trust deed dated 19 
May 2022 (the "Trust Deed", which expression shall include any further amendments or supplements 
thereto or any restatement thereof) made between Statnett SF (the "Issuer") and The Law Debenture Trust 
Corporation p.l.c. (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee 
or trustees of the Trust Deed) as trustee for the holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders"). The Notes (other 
than the VPS Notes) are the subject of an amended and restated paying agency agreement dated 19 May 
2022 (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the "Agency Agreement")) and made 
between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch, in its capacity as principal paying agent 
(the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch, in its capacity as such) and as principal registrar (the "Principal Registrar", which expression 
shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch, in its capacity as such), and the paying 
agents named therein (the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include the Principal Paying Agent and 
any substitute or additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement). Copies of 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
specified office of each of the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Principal Registrar. All persons from 
time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes shall be deemed to have notice of, and 
shall be bound by, all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed insofar as they relate 
to the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are issued in series (each, a "Series"), and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche will be the subject of a Final Terms (each, a 
"Final Terms"). Copies of the Final Terms will have been published on the website of (i) Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin 
and 
(ii) 
the 
Oslo 
Stock 
Exchange 
at 
https://newsweb.oslobors.no/. In the case of a Tranche of Notes in relation to which application has not 
been made for listing with any competent listing authority or on any stock exchange, copies of the Final 
Terms will only be available for inspection by a Holder (as defined in Condition 2.1) of such Note during 
normal business hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and/or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar (as defined in Condition 2.2). 
References in these Terms and Conditions to "Notes" are to Notes of the relevant Series and any references 
to Coupons (as defined in Condition 1.6) and Receipts (as defined in Condition 1.7) are to Coupons and 
Receipts relating to Notes of the relevant Series. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to the "Final Terms" are to the Final Terms or Final Terms(s) 
prepared in relation to the Notes of the relevant Tranche or Series. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to a "Tranche" are to an individual Tranche within a Series or 
to a Series without a Tranche. 
In respect of any Notes, references herein to these "Terms and Conditions" are to these terms and 
conditions as completed by the Final Terms. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, in relation to any Notes which are to have a "listing" or be "listed" 
on Euronext Dublin, the London Stock Exchange and the Oslo Stock Exchange, "listing" and "listed" shall 
be construed to mean that such Notes have been (i) admitted to the Euronext Dublin Official List and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, and (ii) admitted to listing and trading on 
the regulated market of Oslo Børs ASA (the "Oslo Stock Exchange").

--- Page 26 ---
- 14 - 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
1.1 
The Notes of a Series are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), in registered form ("Registered 
Notes"), or in uncertificated book entry form ("VPS Notes") as specified in the Final Terms and 
are serially numbered, save for the VPS Notes. Registered Notes and VPS Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes. 
1.2 
The Final Terms shall specify whether U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the 
"TEFRA D Rules") or U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") 
shall apply, or whether neither are applicable. Unless the Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C 
Rules are applicable in respect of Notes, each Tranche of Bearer Notes is represented upon issue 
by a temporary global Note (a "Temporary Global Note") substantially in the form (subject to 
amendment and completion) of the First Schedule to the Trust Deed. Such Temporary Global Note 
which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or before the relevant issue date therefor with a depository or a 
common depository for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which 
is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "ICSDs"). 
Where the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Bearer Notes specifies that the TEFRA C Rules 
apply, such Tranche is (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) represented upon issue by a 
permanent global Note (a "Permanent Global Note"). 
Interests in the Temporary Global Note may be exchanged for: 
(a) 
interests in a Permanent Global Note substantially in the same form (subject to amendment 
and completion) of the Second Schedule to the Trust Deed; or 
(b) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, definitive instruments in bearer form ("Definitive 
Notes") substantially in the same form (subject to amendment and completion) of the 
Third Schedule to the Trust Deed and/or (in the case of a Series comprising both Bearer 
Notes and Registered Notes and if so specified in the Final Terms) Registered Notes 
substantially in the form (subject to amendment and completion) of the Fourth Schedule 
to the Trust Deed. 
Exchanges of interests in a Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes or, as the case may be, a 
Permanent Global Note will be made not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes (the "Exchange Date") and (unless the Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C 
Rules are applicable to the Notes) provided certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as 
required by U. S. Treasury regulations (in substantially the form set out in the Temporary Global 
Note or in such other form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the relevant clearing 
system) has been received. An exchange for Registered Notes will be made at any time or from 
such date as may be specified in the Final Terms, in each case, without any requirement for 
certification. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, the Temporary Global 
Note shall only be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note. 
1.3 
The bearer of any Temporary Global Note shall not (unless, upon due presentation of such 
Temporary Global Note for exchange (in whole but not in part only) for a Permanent Global Note 
or for delivery of Definitive Notes and/or Registered Notes, such exchange or delivery is 
improperly withheld or refused and such withholding or refusal is continuing at the relevant 
payment date) be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes represented by such 
Temporary Global Note which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled to exercise 
any option on a date after the Exchange Date.

--- Page 27 ---
- 15 - 
1.4 
Unless the Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Notes and subject 
to Condition 1.3 above, if any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Notes of a Tranche 
occurs whilst any of the Notes of that Tranche are represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
related interest payment will be made on the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that 
certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as required by US Treasury regulations (in 
substantially the form set out in the Temporary Global Note or in such other form as is customarily 
issued in such circumstances by the relevant clearing system) has been received by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system. Payments of amounts due in 
respect of a Permanent Global Note or (subject to Condition 1.3 above) a Temporary Global Note 
(if the Final Terms specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are not applicable to the Notes) will be made 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system without any 
requirement for certification. 
1.5 
Interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchanged by the Issuer (in whole but not in part 
only), at the option of the Holder of such Permanent Global Note, for Definitive Notes and/or (in 
the case of a Series comprising both Bearer and Registered Notes and if so specified in the Final 
Terms) Registered Notes, (a) if an Event of Default occurs in respect of any Note of the relevant 
Series; or (b) if either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system 
is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays) 
or announces an intention to cease business permanently or in fact does so; or (c) if so specified in 
the Final Terms, at the option of the Holder of such Permanent Global Note upon such Holder's 
request, in all cases at the cost and expense of the Issuer. In order to exercise the option contained 
in paragraph (c) of the preceding sentence, the Holder must, not less than forty five days before the 
date upon which the delivery of such Definitive Notes and/or Registered Notes is required, deposit 
the relevant Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent with the form 
of exchange notice endorsed thereon duly completed. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, the Permanent Global 
Note shall only be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note. 
1.6 
Interest-bearing Definitive Notes have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery coupons 
("Coupons"), presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest save in certain 
circumstances specified herein. Interest-bearing Definitive Notes, if so specified in the Final Terms, 
have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, a talon ("Talon") for further coupons and 
the expression "Coupons" shall, where the context so requires, include Talons. 
1.7 
Notes, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments ("Instalment Notes") which are 
Definitive Notes, have endorsed thereon a grid for recording the repayment of principal or, if so 
specified in the Final Terms, have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, payment 
receipts ("Receipts") in respect of the instalments of principal. 
1.8 
The Trustee and the Issuer may call for and, except in the case of manifest error, shall be at liberty 
to accept and place full reliance on as sufficient evidence thereof any certificate, letter of 
confirmation or other document issued on behalf of any ICSD or any form of record made by any 
of them or such other evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute 
discretion, think fit to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular period any 
particular person is, was, or will be, shown in its records as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by a Global Note and if the Trustee or the Issuer does so rely, such 
letter of confirmation, form of record, evidence, information or certification shall be conclusive 
and binding on all concerned for all purposes. Any such certificate may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's Cedcom system) in accordance with its usual 
procedures and in which the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable to any 
person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 28 ---
- 16 - 
Denomination 
Denomination of Bearer Notes 
1.9 
Bearer Notes are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is integrally 
divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms. Bearer Notes of one 
denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of any other denomination. 
Denomination of Registered Notes 
1.10 
Registered Notes are in the minimum denomination specified in the Final Terms or integral 
multiples thereof. 
Denomination of VPS Notes 
1.11 
VPS Notes are in the minimum denomination specified in the Final Terms or integral multiples 
thereof. 
Currency of Notes 
1.12 
The Notes are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the Final Terms. Any currency 
may be so specified (including, without limitation, euro (as defined in Condition 9E) ("EUR"), 
Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Pounds Sterling ("GBP"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), Swiss Francs 
("CHF"), Swedish Kronor ("SEK") and United States dollars ("USD")), subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Save where more specifically defined or where the context otherwise requires for the purposes of 
these Terms and Conditions, references to "Notes" shall be to any of Temporary Global Notes, 
Permanent Global Notes, Definitive Notes and references to the deposit of Notes or Registered 
Note Certificates will, if applicable, be construed in accordance with the practice of the relevant 
clearing system. 
2. 
Title and Transfer 
2.1 
Title to Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons passes by delivery. References herein to the 
"Holders" of Bearer Notes or of Receipts or Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer Notes or 
such Receipts or Coupons. 
2.2 
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be 
kept by the Registrar. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Registrar" means, in 
relation to any Series comprising Registered Notes, the Principal Registrar. References herein to 
the "Holders" of Registered Notes are to the persons in whose names such Registered Notes are 
so registered in the relevant register (or in the case of a joint holding the first named thereof). A 
certificate (each a "Registered Note Certificate") will be issued to each Noteholder in respect of 
its initial registered holding. 
2.3 
Title to the VPS Notes passes by book entries in the records of the VPS. On the issue of VPS Notes, 
the Issuer will send a letter to the Trustee, (the "VPS Letter") with a copy sent to a VPS account 
manager to be appointed by the Issuer prior to the issue of any VPS Notes (the "VPS Account 
Manager"), which will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of Final 
Terms attached to such VPS Notes. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter, including the 
applicable Final Terms, to the VPS and notification to the VPS of the subscribers and their VPS 
account details by the relevant Dealer, the VPS Account Manager will credit each subscribing 
account holder with the VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount 
for which it has subscribed and paid. Settlement of transactions in the VPS will take place two 
Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant 
VPS Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the 
VPS. References herein to the "Holders" of VPS Notes are to the persons in whose names such 
VPS Notes have been entered in the records of the VPS. 
2.4 
The Holder of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Registered Note will (except as otherwise required by 
applicable law or regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether

--- Page 29 ---
- 17 - 
or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, 
any writing thereon or on the related Registered Note Certificate, or any theft or loss thereof) and 
no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder and the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents 
and the Registrar shall not be required to obtain any proof thereof or as to the identity of the Holder. 
Transfer of Registered Notes and exchange of Bearer Notes for Registered Notes 
2.5 
A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency 
Agreement, be transferred upon the surrender of the related Registered Note Certificate, together 
with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the 
Registrar. A new Registered Note Certificate will be issued to the transferee and, where not all of 
the Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificates are the subject of the transfer, a new 
Registered Note Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
2.6 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Holder of Bearer Notes may exchange the same for the same 
aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Agency Agreement. In order to exchange a Bearer Note for a Registered Note, the 
Holder thereof shall surrender such Bearer Note at the specified office outside the United States of 
the Principal Paying Agent or of the Registrar together with a written request for the exchange. 
Each Bearer Note so surrendered must be accompanied by all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
appertaining thereto other than the Coupon in respect of the next payment of interest falling due 
after the exchange date (as defined in Condition 2.7) where the exchange date would, but for the 
provisions of Condition 2.6, occur between the Record Date (as defined in Condition 9B. 3) for 
such payment of interest and the date on which such payment of interest falls due. 
2.7 
Each new Registered Note Certificate to be issued upon the transfer of a Registered Note or the 
exchange of a Bearer Note for a Registered Note will, within three Relevant Banking Days of the 
transfer date or, as the case may be, the exchange date be available for collection by each relevant 
Holder at the specified office of the Registrar or, at the option of the Holder requesting such 
exchange or transfer be mailed (by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder(s) entitled thereto) to 
such address(es) as may be specified by such Holder. For these purposes, a form of transfer or 
request for exchange received by the Registrar or the Principal Paying Agent after the Record Date 
(as defined in Condition 9B.3) in respect of any payment due in respect of Registered Notes shall 
be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar or the Principal Paying Agent until the 
day following the due date for such payment. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
(a) 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located and, in the case only of an exchange of a 
Bearer Note for a Registered Note where such request for exchange is made to the 
Principal Paying Agent, in the place where the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent is located; 
(b) 
the "exchange date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Bearer Note shall have been surrendered for exchange in accordance with 
Condition 2.5; and 
(c) 
the "transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Registered Note shall have been surrendered for transfer in accordance with 
Condition 2.4. 
2.8 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer or on the exchange of Bearer Notes for Registered 
Notes will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such 
indemnity as the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar may require in respect of) any 
tax, duty or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation thereto.

--- Page 30 ---
- 18 - 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured creditors save those 
whose claims are preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws 
of general application. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer shall not create 
or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole 
or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to 
secure any Relevant Indebtedness without at the same time or prior thereto (x) securing (in the sole 
opinion of the Trustee) the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (y) providing such other 
security for the Notes as the Trustee shall, in its absolute discretion, deem not materially less 
beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) of Noteholders. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any person for or in respect of moneys borrowed or 
raised including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; or 
(b) 
amounts raised by way of acceptance under any acceptance credit facility but excluding 
acceptance of trade bills in respect of the purchase or sale of goods in the ordinary course 
of trading; or 
(c) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; or 
(d) 
amounts raised pursuant to any issue of shares of any person which are expressed to be 
redeemable prior to the payment of any amounts due under this Note; or 
(e) 
the capital amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Norway, be treated 
as finance leases; or 
(f) 
the capital amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; or 
(g) 
any interest rate swap, currency swap, forward foreign exchange transaction, forward rate 
agreement, cap, floor, collar or option transaction or other similar transaction or any 
combination thereof or other like transaction; or 
(h) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Norway" means the Kingdom of Norway; 
"person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means a Security Interest in respect of Relevant Indebtedness: 
(a) 
acquired or assumed by the Issuer in connection with its business after the date hereof 
which exists at the time of such acquisition or assumption (other than a Security Interest 
created in contemplation of such acquisition or assumption); and/or

--- Page 31 ---
- 19 - 
(b) 
where such Security Interest exists over assets acquired at fair market price by the Issuer 
in connection with its business after the date hereof and such Security Interest was created 
prior to and not in contemplation of such acquisition; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market) other than any bond, note, debenture, 
debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which has an initial maturity of less than 
12 months; and 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction. 
5. 
Interest 
Interest 
5.1 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non interest-bearing, as specified in the Final Terms. Words and 
expressions appearing in this Condition 5 and not otherwise defined herein or in the Final Terms 
shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 5.12. 
Interest-bearing Notes 
5.2 
Notes which are specified in the Final Terms as being interest-bearing shall bear interest from their 
Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Floating Rate Notes 
5.3 
If the Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes as being Floating Rate, and 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined is specified as being Screen 
Rate Determination, it shall also specify which Reference Rate and the Relevant Screen Page 
(whether on the Reuters Service or any other information vending service) that shall be applicable. 
If such a page is so specified, the Interest Rate applicable to the relevant Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the offered rate for deposits (or, as the case may 
require, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten thousandth of a 
percentage point 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the rates for deposits) in the relevant 
currency for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
if, on any Interest Determination Date, no such rate for deposits so appears (or, as the case 
may be, if fewer than two such rates for deposits so appear) or if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will request appropriate quotations and will 
determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates at which deposits in the 
relevant currency are offered by four major banks (as identified by the Issuer in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) in the London interbank market (or, in the case 
of Notes denominated or payable in euro, in the Euro-zone interbank market), selected by 
the Calculation Agent, at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date to prime banks in the London interbank market (or, in the case of Notes denominated 
or payable in euro, in the Euro-zone interbank market) for a period of the duration of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; 
(c) 
if, on any Interest Determination Date, only two or three rates are so quoted, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates 
so quoted; or 
(d) 
if fewer than two rates are so quoted, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates quoted by four major banks (as identified by the 
Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent) in the Relevant Financial Centre (or, in

--- Page 32 ---
- 20 - 
the case of Notes denominated in euro, in such financial centre or centres in the Euro-zone 
as the Calculation Agent may select) selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time (or local time at such other financial centre or 
centres as aforesaid)) on the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period for loans in 
the relevant currency to leading European banks for a period for the duration of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, 
and the Interest Rate applicable to such Notes during each Interest Accrual Period will be the sum 
of the relevant margin (the "Relevant Margin") specified in the Final Terms and the rate (or, as 
the case may be, the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates) so determined provided, 
however, that, if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate (or, as the case may be, an 
arithmetic mean of rates) in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Accrual Period, the Interest Rate applicable to such Notes during such Interest Accrual Period will 
be the sum of the Relevant Margin and the rate (or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as aforesaid) of the rates) determined in relation to such Notes in respect of the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
5.4 
 
(i) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference 
to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5.4(ii)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5.4(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.4(iv)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, Trustee or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.4. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate 
in accordance with this Condition 5.4 prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be the 
Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has 
not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Floating Rate Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
adjustment pursuant to this final paragraph of Condition 5.4 shall apply to the immediately 
following Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4. 
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5.4(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the rate of interest for the immediately following Interest Period 
and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5.4; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.4(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4. 
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be)

--- Page 33 ---
- 21 - 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5.4 and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Trustee (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the rate of interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.4(v), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for 
the avoidance of doubt, the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of 
the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement 
and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 5.4). In 
addition, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5.4(vi), the Trustee shall (at the expense of 
the Issuer), without the requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the 
sole opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights 
and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Supplemental 
Trust Deed) in any way. 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.4 will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee of the same, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 5.4; and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee's ability to rely on 
such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders as of their effective 
date.

--- Page 34 ---
- 22 - 
(vii) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5.4(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), 
the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in the definition of the term 
"Reference Rate" will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(viii) 
As used in this Condition 5.4: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5.4(ii) is customary in market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified Currency. 
"Authorised Signatories" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.4(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
(5) Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will cease 
publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate, 
that the Reference Rate has been or will permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate as 
a consequence of which the Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Notes; or 
(E) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or any other party to calculate any rate of interest using the Reference Rate. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;

--- Page 35 ---
- 23 - 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally published, endorsed, approved, recommended or recognised by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
Linear Interpolation 
5.5 
Where Linear Interpolation in connection with this Condition 5.4 is specified as applicable in 
respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the rate of interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination 
is specified hereon as applicable), where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
ISDA Rate Notes 
5.6 
If the Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes as being Floating Rate, and 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined is specified as being ISDA 
Determination, each Note shall bear interest as from such date, and at such rate or in such amounts, 
and such interest will be payable on such dates, as would have applied (regardless of any event of 
default or termination event or tax event thereunder) if the Issuer had entered into an interest rate 
swap transaction with the Holder of such Note under the terms of an agreement to which the ISDA 
Definitions applied and under which: 
• 
the Fixed Rate Payer, Fixed Amount Payer, Fixed Price Payer, Floating Rate Payer, Floating 
Amount Payer or, as the case may be, the Floating Price Payer is the Issuer (as specified in the 
Final Terms); 
• 
the Effective Date is the Interest Commencement Date; 
• 
the Termination Date is the Maturity Date; 
• 
the Calculation Agent is the Determination Agent as defined in Condition 5.12; 
• 
the Calculation Periods are the Interest Accrual Periods;

--- Page 36 ---
- 24 - 
• 
the Period End Dates are the Interest Period End Dates; 
• 
the Payment Dates are the Interest Payment Dates; 
• 
the Reset Dates are the Interest Period End Dates; 
• 
the Calculation Amount is the principal amount of such Note; 
• 
the Day Count Fraction applicable to the calculation of any amount is that specified in the 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, as may be determined in accordance with the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
• 
the Applicable Business Day Convention applicable to any date is that specified in the Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, as may be determined in accordance with the ISDA 
Definitions. 
5.7 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the Final Terms, then the Interest Rate 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
Accrual of Interest 
5.8 
Interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note during each Interest 
Accrual Period from the Interest Commencement Date. Interest will cease to accrue as from the 
due date for redemption therefor (or, in the case of an Instalment Note, in respect of each instalment 
of principal, on the due date for payment of the relevant Instalment Amount) unless upon due 
presentation or surrender thereof (if required), payment in full of the Redemption Amount (as 
defined in Condition 6.10) or the relevant Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused or 
default is otherwise made in the payment thereof in which case interest shall continue to accrue on 
the principal amount in respect of which payment has been improperly withheld or refused or 
default has been made (as well after as before any demand or judgment) at the Interest Rate then 
applicable or such other rate as may be specified for this purpose in the Final Terms until the date 
on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Note (if required), the relevant 
payment is made or, if earlier (except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Note is not 
required as a precondition of payment), the third day after the date on which, the Principal Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar or the VPS Account Manager having received the funds 
required to make such payment, notice is given to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 14 that the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar or the VPS 
Account Manager has received the required funds (except to the extent that there is failure in the 
subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
Interest Amount(s), Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
5.9 
If a Calculation Agent is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, as soon as practicable 
after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date (or such other time on such date as 
the Calculation Agent may be required to obtain any quote or make any determination or 
calculation) will determine the Interest Rate and calculate the amount(s) of interest payable (the 
"Interest Amount(s)") in respect of each Denomination of the Notes (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and the minimum denomination (in the case of Registered Notes or VPS Notes) for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes), the VPS Account Manager (in the case of VPS Notes) the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 and, if the Notes are listed with a 
competent listing authority and/or on a stock exchange and such listing authority or exchange so 
requires, such listing authority or exchange as soon as possible after their determination or 
calculation but in no event later than the fourth London Banking Day thereafter or, if earlier in the 
case of notification to the listing authority or stock exchange, the time required by the relevant 
stock exchange. The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended by the Calculation Agent (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of an Interest Accrual Period 
or the Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination

--- Page 37 ---
- 25 - 
the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish 
only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 7, the Interest Rate 
and the accrued interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated 
as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest 
Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the Holders and neither the Calculation Agent, the Trustee nor any Reference Bank 
shall have any liability to the Holders in respect of any determination, calculation, quote or rate 
made or provided by it. 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be a Calculation Agent, if provision is made for 
one in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent is incapable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Interest Rate for any Interest Accrual Period or to calculate the Interest 
Amounts or any other requirements, the Trustee shall do so (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf 
to do so) and such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent). In doing so the Trustee shall determine or calculate the relevant matter in such 
manner as, in its absolute discretion, it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances 
(showing such regard as it shall think fit to the procedures described above, but subject always to 
such maximum or minimum interest rate which may be prescribed) or apply the foregoing 
provisions of this condition, with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in 
its opinion, it can do so and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall in its 
absolute discretion deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances and will not be liable for any 
loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof. 
Calculations and Adjustments 
5.10 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
round upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount save that (i) if the Final Terms 
specifies a specific amount in respect of such period, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Note for such period will be equal to such specified amount and (ii) in the case of Notes where 
the Interest Rate is fixed, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting 
of 12 months of 30 days each and, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed. 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period will be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in 
respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Terms and Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States Dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), 
and (c) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
Non-Interest Bearing Notes 
5.11 
If any Maturity Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount (as defined in Condition 6.1) in respect 
of any Note which is non-interest bearing is not paid when due, interest shall accrue on the overdue 
amount at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage per annum) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
defined in the Final Terms or at such other rate as may be specified for this purpose in the Final 
Terms until the date on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Note (if required), 
the relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except where presentation or surrender of the relevant 
Note is not required as a precondition of payment), the third day after the date on which, the

--- Page 38 ---
- 26 - 
Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar or the VPS Account Manager having 
received the funds required to make such payment, notice is given to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 14 that the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar 
or the VPS Account Manager has received the required funds (except to the extent that there is 
failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). The amount of any such interest 
shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5.9 as if the Interest Rate was 
the Amortisation Yield, the Outstanding Principal Amount was the overdue sum and the Day Count 
Fraction was as specified for this purpose in the Final Terms or, if not so specified, 30E/360 (as 
defined in Condition 5.12). 
Definitions 
5.12 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Applicable Business Day Convention" means the "Business Day Convention" which may be 
specified in the Final Terms as applicable to any date in respect of the Notes unless the Final Terms 
specifies "No Adjustment" in relation to any date in which case such date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. Different Business Day Conventions may apply, 
or be specified in relation to, the Interest Payment Dates, Interest Period End Dates and any other 
date or dates in respect of any Notes. 
"Banking Day" means, in respect of any city, any day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in that city. 
"Benchmark Security" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or to the extent that such Benchmark Security specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding 
on the relevant Reference Date, a Similar Security. 
"Benchmark Security Price" means, if the Calculation Agent obtains (i) five Reference Market-
Maker Quotations, the arithmetic mean of the quotations after disregarding the highest and lowest 
quotations; (ii) lower than five Reference Market-Maker Quotations, the average of all such 
quotations, or (iii) one Reference Market-Maker Quotation, the amount of the Reference Market-
Maker Quotation so obtained, or if no Reference Market-Maker Quotations are received, any 
subsequent rate of interest shall be determined to be the rate of interest as at the last preceding 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes denominated or any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement 
Day; and 
(b) 
in relation to any Notes denominated or any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks are open for business and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the Relevant Financial Centre in respect of the relevant currency; 
and, in either case, a day on which commercial banks are open for business and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in each (if any) Additional Business Centre or any other place specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Business Day Convention" means a convention for adjusting any date if it would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day and the following Business Day Conventions, where specified 
in the Final Terms in relation to any date applicable to any Notes, shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that such date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that such date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will 
be the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 39 ---
- 27 - 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that such date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each such date shall be the 
date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month 
which is the number of months specified in the Final Terms as the Specified Period after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred Provided that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means such agent as may be specified in the Final Terms as the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Call Option Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
("Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods in any year;

--- Page 40 ---
- 28 - 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
−
−
+
+
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
−
−
+
+
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 41 ---
- 29 - 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
−
−
+
+
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period. 
"Determination Agent" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including an Interest Payment Date in any 
year to, but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double 
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" 
(published 8 June 1998, as amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding 
basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or on 
such other basis as the relevant Dealer(s) may approve. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, each successive period 
beginning on and including an Interest Period End Date and ending on but excluding the next 
succeeding Interest Period End Date during that Interest Period provided always that the first 
Interest Accrual Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and the 
final Interest Accrual Period shall end on but exclude the date of final maturity.

--- Page 42 ---
- 30 - 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Notes (as specified in the Final 
Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the date falling 
such number (if any) of Banking Days in such city(ies) as may be specified in the Final Terms 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period, or if none is so specified: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is the Euro-zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), the second 
day on which TARGET2 is open prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(b) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate ("NIBOR"), the second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate ("STIBOR"), the second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in the Final Terms and, if an Applicable Business Day Convention is specified in 
the Final Terms, as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the Applicable Business Day 
Convention or if the Applicable Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention and an interval 
of a number of calendar months is specified in the Final Terms as being the Interest Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the date of issue of the Notes (in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Interest Period" means each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date provided always that 
the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and the 
final Interest Period shall end on but exclude the date of final maturity. 
"Interest Period End Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the Final Terms and, if 
an Applicable Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms, as the same may be 
adjusted in accordance with the Applicable Business Day Convention or, if the Applicable 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months 
is specified in the Final Terms as the Interest Accrual Period, such dates as may occur in accordance 
with the FRN Convention at such specified period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Period End Date) or the previous Interest 
Period End Date (in any other case) or, if none of the foregoing is specified in the Final Terms, 
means the date or each of the dates which correspond with the Interest Payment Date(s) in respect 
of the Notes. 
"Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) or amount or 
amounts (expressed as a price per unit of relevant currency) of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.). 
"London Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Make-Whole Margin" will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or in respect 
of any Instalment Note, its principal amount less, any principal amount on which interest shall have 
ceased to accrue in accordance with Condition 5.7. 
"Par Redemption Date" will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 43 ---
- 31 - 
"Reference Banks" means such banks as may be specified in the Final Terms as the Reference 
Banks or, if none are specified, "Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the ISDA Definitions, 
mutatis mutandis. 
"Reference Date" means the date which is the third London Business Day prior to the date fixed 
for redemption or such other date as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Market-Makers" means up to five brokers or market-makers of securities such as the 
Benchmark Security selected in good faith by the Issuer or such other five persons operating in the 
market for securities such as the Benchmark Security as are selected in good faith by the Issuer 
and "Reference Market Maker" shall be construed as any one of them. 
"Reference Market-Maker Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Market-Maker 
and any Call Option Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the 
bid and asked prices for the Benchmark Security (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
principal amount) quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent on the Reference Date at the 
Reference Time each as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means, either (A) with respect to calculating the Interest Rate for the purposes 
of Condition 5.3, (i) EURIBOR, (ii) NIBOR, or (iii) STIBOR, in each case for the relevant currency 
and for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (B) with respect to any 
Call Option Date, the rate per annum equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Benchmark 
Security calculated using a price for the Benchmark Security (expressed as a percentage of its 
principal amount) equal to the Benchmark Security Price for such Call Option Date. The Reference 
Rate in respect of (B) will be calculated on the Reference Date at the Reference Time each as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Time" will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means such financial centre or centres as may be specified in relation 
to the relevant currency for the purposes of the definition of "Business Day" in the ISDA 
Definitions provided that, in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such member 
state of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee, or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the Final Terms. In the event that any Relevant Screen 
Page stops providing quotations for a Reference Rate, then such other page, section, caption, 
column or other part as may replace the same on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or 
sponsoring the relevant Reference Rate for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or prices 
will be used. If there is more than one service displaying the Reference Rate, the one approved in 
writing by the Issuer in consultation with the Calculation Agent will be used. 
"Relevant Time" means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, at which it is customary to determine such rate. 
"Reuters Service" means, when used in connection with a designated page and any designated 
information, the display page so designated on Reuters (or such other page as may replace that 
page on that service for the purpose of displaying such information). 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro.

--- Page 44 ---
- 32 - 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase Redemption at Maturity 
6.1 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled each Note which is not an Instalment 
Note shall be redeemed at its maturity redemption amount (the "Maturity Redemption Amount") 
(which shall be its Outstanding Principal Amount). In the case of Instalment Notes, each Note shall 
be redeemed in such number of instalments and in such amounts ("Instalment Amounts") as may 
be specified in the Final Terms on the date or dates (or, in the case of Notes which bear interest at 
a floating rate of interest, on the date or dates upon which interest is payable) specified in the Final 
Terms ("Instalment Date(s)"). 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
6.2 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes, provided the Issuer satisfies the Trustee that (i) as a result of 
any change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Norway or of any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings which becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of such Notes or any other date specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer would be required 
to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may, at its option and having 
given no less than thirty nor more than sixty days notice (ending, in the case of Notes which bear 
interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) 
of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at their early tax redemption amount (the 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)") (which shall be their Outstanding Principal Amount or, in 
the case of Notes which are non-interest bearing, their Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 6.11) or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the Final Terms), together 
with accrued interest (if any) thereon (calculated as provided in these Terms and Conditions and 
the Trust Deed) Provided, however, that no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 
90 days (or, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate a number of days which is 
equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within the then current interest period 
applicable to the Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2 the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Trustee (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances 
prevail and describing the facts leading thereto, and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such 
certificate as sufficient evidence of the condition precedent set out in (ii) above in which case it 
shall become conclusive and binding on the relevant Noteholders and (B) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such circumstances prevail, and 
the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such opinion as sufficient evidence of the condition precedent 
set out in (i) above in which case it shall become conclusive and binding on the relevant 
Noteholders. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under Condition 
6.6 or Condition 6.7. 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
6.3 
If this Condition 6.3 is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, having 
given the appropriate notice (as defined in Condition 6.4 below) to the Noteholders and having 
notified the Trustee or (in the case of a redemption of VPS Notes) the Trustee and the VPS Account 
Manager, prior to the provision of such notice and subject to such conditions as may be specified 
in the Final Terms, redeem all (but not, unless and to the extent that the Final Terms specifies 
otherwise, some only) of the Notes of the relevant Series on the relevant Call Option Date specified 
in the notice at their Early Redemption Amount (Call) (as defined below) together with accrued 
interest (if any) thereon (calculated as provided in this Condition and the Trust Deed). Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
- 33 - 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under 
Condition 6.6. 
"Early Redemption Amount (Call)" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 
Outstanding Principal Amount or, in the case of a Note which is non-interest bearing, its Amortised 
Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.11); (ii) if Make-Whole Redemption Price is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the relevant Make Whole Redemption Amount; or 
(iii) the amount per Calculation Amount of the Notes. 
The "Make-Whole Redemption Price" means: 
(i) 
if Spens Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable: the higher 
of (A) 100 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes to be redeemed; 
and (B) the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the 
price (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount), as reported to the Issuer by the 
Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the 
Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the 
middle market price) at the Reference Time on the Reference Date of the Benchmark 
Security, plus the Make-Whole Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Make-Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable: the higher of (A) 100 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Notes to be redeemed; and (B) the sum of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and (if applicable) interest on the Notes to be redeemed 
(not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of redemption) 
discounted to the relevant Call Option Date on an annual basis at the Reference Rate plus 
the Make-Whole Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
all as determined by the Determination Agent, provided however that, if the relevant Call Option 
Date occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date (if specified in the relevant Final Terms), the 
Make-Whole Redemption Price will be the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3: 
"Determination Agent" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Similar Security" means the government security or securities selected by the Issuer, in 
consultation with the Determination Agent, as having an actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes. Such Similar Security will be published by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 14 and the definition of Benchmark Security Price shall be amended accordingly. 
6.4 
The appropriate notice referred to in Condition 6.3 is a notice given by the Issuer to the Holders of 
the Notes of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 14, which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify: 
(a) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(b) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of and (except in the case of a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note) the serial numbers of the Notes of the relevant Series which are 
to be redeemed; 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than thirty days nor more than 
sixty days after the date on which such notice is given and which shall be such date or the 
next of such dates ("Call Option Date(s)") or a day falling within such period ("Call

--- Page 46 ---
- 34 - 
Option Period"), as may be specified in the Final Terms and which is, in the case of Notes 
which bear interest at a floating rate, a date upon which interest is payable; and 
(d) 
the relevant Early Redemption Amount (Call) at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
Partial Redemption 
6.5 
If the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 6.3: 
(a) 
in the case of Bearer Notes (other than a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note or Definitive Bearer Note held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system), the Notes to be redeemed shall be drawn by lot in such European 
city as the Trustee may specify, or identified in such other manner or in such other place 
as the Trustee may approve and deem appropriate and fair; 
(b) 
in the case of a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, the Notes to be 
redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount, at their discretion); 
(c) 
in the case of Registered Notes, the Notes shall be redeemed (so far as may be practicable) 
pro rata to their principal amounts, provided always that the amount redeemed in respect 
of each Note shall be equal to the minimum denomination thereof or an integral multiple 
thereof, and 
(d) 
in the case of VPS Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Securities Depository. 
subject always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any competent 
listing authority and/or stock exchange on which the relevant Notes may be listed. 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note Certificate 
in respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.4 to 2.8 
which shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Notes as if such new Registered Note 
Certificate were in respect of the untransferred balance. 
"Securities Depository" means a securities depository approved or acknowledged under the EU 
central securities depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on 
improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and 
amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms will be the VPS. 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) in the event of a Change of Control 
6.6 
If this Condition 6.6 is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, then if at any time while 
any Note remains outstanding: 
(a) 
a Change of Control occurs, and 
(b) 
within the Change of Control Period (i) if the Notes are rated with the agreement of the 
Issuer, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs, or (ii) if the Notes 
are not rated, a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs (in 
either case, a "Put Event"), 
the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice 
referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes (A) under Condition 6.2 (Early 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or (B) pursuant to the provisions of this Condition 6.6) to 
require the Issuer to redeem that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) (as defined below) 
at its Outstanding Principal Amount together with accrued interest to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), or if such Note is non-interest bearing, its Amortised Face Amount (as 
defined in Condition 6.11).

--- Page 47 ---
- 35 - 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.6: 
(a) 
"Acting in concert" means acting together for the purpose of exercising joint control over 
the Issuer. 
(b) 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time: 
(i) 
any person or group of persons acting in concert acquires control of at least 50 
per cent. of the contributed capital of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
the Kingdom of Norway controls (either directly or indirectly) less than 50.1 per 
cent. of the contributed capital of the Issuer. 
(c) 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the earlier of (a) the date 
of the relevant Change of Control and (b) the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change 
of Control Announcement (if any) and ending 180 days after the public announcement of 
the Change of Control having occurred. 
(d) 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in 
the case of S&P or a rating of at least Baa3 (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Moody's 
or the equivalent rating in the case of any other Rating Agency. 
(e) 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not 
within the Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all reasonable endeavours to 
obtain from a Rating Agency, a rating or (ii) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it 
has not at the expiry of the Change of Control Period and as a result of such Change of 
Control obtained an Investment Grade Rating, provided that the Rating Agency publicly 
announces or publicly confirms in writing that its declining to assign an Investment Grade 
Rating was the result of the applicable Change of Control. 
(f) 
"Rating Agency" means Standard and Poor's Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-
Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P") and Moody's Investors Services Limited ("Moody's") or 
any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international 
standing specified from time to time by the Issuer. 
(g) 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control if within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Notes 
by any Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer is (x) withdrawn and not subsequently 
reinstated within the Change of Control Period or (y) changed from an Investment Grade 
Rating to a non-Investment Grade Rating (for example, from BBB- to BB+ by S&P, or its 
equivalents for the time being, or worse) and not subsequently upgraded to an Investment 
Grade Rating within the Change of Control Period or (z) (if the rating assigned to the 
Notes by any Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer shall be below an Investment 
Grade Rating) lowered one full rating category (for example, from BB+ to BB by S&P or 
such similar lower or equivalent rating) and not subsequently upgraded within the Change 
of Control Period, provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a 
particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular 
Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating to which this 
definition would otherwise apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the 
reduction was the result of the applicable Change of Control. 
(h) 
"Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any formal public 
announcement or statement by or on behalf of the Issuer, or any actual or potential bidder 
or any advisor thereto relating to any potential Change of Control where, within 180 days 
of the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
If a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall within 21 days of the end of the Change of Control 
Period give notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for 
exercising the option contained in this Condition 6.6.

--- Page 48 ---
- 36 - 
To exercise the option to require redemption of a Note under this Condition 6.6 the holder of that 
Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, deliver such Note, on any business day in the city of the specified office of the 
relevant Paying Agent falling within the period (the "Put Period") of 30 days after a Put Event 
Notice is given, at the specified office of any Paying Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Option Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition 6.6. The Note should be delivered together with all Coupons 
appertaining thereto maturing after the date (the "Optional Redemption Date (Put)") which is the 
seventh day after the last day of the Put Period failing which an amount will be deducted from the 
payment to be made by the Issuer on redemption of the Notes corresponding to the aggregate 
amount payable in respect of such missing Coupons. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of a Note under this 
Condition 6.6 the holder of the Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to a Paying Agent of 
such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to such Paying Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if 
this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of 
the relevant Global Note to the relevant Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
The Paying Agent to which such Note and Put Notice are delivered or the Principal Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, will issue to the holder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a "Put Option 
Receipt") in respect of the Note so delivered or, in the case of a Global Note or Note in definitive 
form held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notice received. The Issuer shall redeem 
the Notes in respect of which Put Option Receipts have been issued on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), unless previously redeemed. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, 
if the holder duly specified a Euro bank account in the Put Option Notice to which payment is to 
be made, on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) by transfer to that bank account and in every 
other case on or after the Optional Redemption Date (Put), in each case against presentation and 
surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such Put Option Receipt at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.6. 
If 95 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
pursuant to this Condition 6.6, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, such notice to be given within 30 days after the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), redeem all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at 
their principal amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. 
The notice referred to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption (which shall not be more than 60 days after the date of the notice). Upon expiry of 
such notice, the Issuer will redeem the Notes. 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
6.7 
If this Condition 6.7 is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer shall, upon 
the exercise of the relevant option by the Holder of any Note of the relevant Series, redeem such 
Note on the date specified in the relevant Put Notice (as defined below) at its put early redemption 
amount (the "Early Redemption Amount (Put)") (which shall be its Outstanding Principal 
Amount or, if such Note is non-interest bearing, its Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 6.11)), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon (calculated as provided in these 
conditions). In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than forty-five days before 
the date on which such redemption is required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (which 
date shall be such date or the next of the dates ("Put Date(s)") or a day falling within such period 
("Put Period") as may be specified in the Final Terms), deposit the relevant Note or Registered 
Note Certificate (together, in the case of an interest-bearing Definitive Note, with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto other than any Coupon maturing on or before the date of redemption 
(failing which the provisions of Condition 9A.6 apply)) during normal business hours at the 
specified office of, in the case of a Bearer Note, any Paying Agent or, in the case of a Registered

--- Page 49 ---
- 37 - 
Note Certificate, the Registrar together with a duly completed early redemption notice ("Put 
Notice") in the form which is available from the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or, 
as the case may be, the Registrar specifying, in the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent 
Global Note or Registered Note, the aggregate principal amount in respect of which such option is 
exercised (which must be the minimum denomination specified in the Final Terms or an integral 
multiple thereof) or, in the case of VPS Notes, the holder must deposit with the VPS Account 
Manager or the Issuer at its specified office a duly completed option exercise notice in the form 
obtainable from the Paying Agent or the VPS Account Manager. No Note so deposited and option 
exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Trust Deed). 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a holding of Registered Notes, a new Registered Note 
Certificate in respect of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.4 
to 2.8 which shall apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Notes as if such new Registered 
Note Certificate were in respect of the untransferred balance. 
The holder of a Note may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of 
an exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under either Condition 6.2 or 6.3. 
Purchase of Notes 
6.8 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes of a Series insofar as this is 
permitted by Norwegian law in the open market or otherwise and at any price provided that all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith. If purchases are 
made by tender, tenders must be available to all Holders of such Series alike in a place and 
following procedures previously approved in writing by the Trustee. 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Notes 
6.9 
Subject to the following, all unmatured Notes and Coupons redeemed in accordance with this 
Condition 6 will be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. Any Notes purchased 
by a Subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6.7 may at the option of the Issuer, be retained 
by the relevant Subsidiary, or be resold or surrendered by that Subsidiary (as defined below) to a 
Paying Agent for cancellation, or in the case of VPS Notes, be deleted from the relevant Securities 
Depository and cannot thereafter be reissued or resold. 
Further Provisions applicable to Redemption Amount and Instalment Amounts 
6.10 
References herein to "Redemption Amount" shall mean, as appropriate, the Maturity Redemption 
Amount, the final Instalment Amount, Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Early Redemption 
Amount (Call), Early Redemption Amount (Put) and Early Termination Amount. 
6.11 
In the case of any Note which is non-interest bearing, the "Amortised Face Amount" shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Issue Price specified in the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the product of the Amortisation Yield specified in the Final Terms (compounded annually) 
being applied to the Issue Price from (and including) the Issue Date specified in the Final 
Terms to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 5.12) specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 6.11. 
6.12 
In the case of a Note which is non-interest bearing, if any Redemption Amount (other than the 
Maturity Redemption Amount) is improperly withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in 
the payment thereof, the Amortised Face Amount shall be calculated as provided in Condition 6.11 
but as if references in subparagraph (ii) to the date fixed for redemption or the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the earlier of:

--- Page 50 ---
- 38 - 
(a) 
the date on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Note (if required), 
the relevant payment is made; and 
(b) 
(except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a 
precondition of payment), the third day after the date on which, the Principal Paying Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Registrar (or the Trustee) having received the funds required to 
make such payment, notice is given to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 14 of that circumstance (except to the extent that there is a failure in the 
subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
7. 
Events of Default 
7.1 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of not less than 25 
per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount or Amortised Face Amount of the Notes of any 
Series then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders of such 
Series shall (subject in each case to being indemnified to its satisfaction) (but, in the case of the 
happening of any of the events mentioned in paragraphs (b) to (l) below (inclusive), only if the 
Trustee shall have certified that, in its opinion, such event is materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Holders of such Series), give notice to the Issuer that the Notes of such Series are, and they 
shall accordingly thereby become, immediately due and repayable at their Outstanding Principal 
Amount or their Amortised Face Amount (or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms), together 
with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed, if any of the following events occur (each, an 
"Event of Default"): 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes of the 
relevant Series or any of them on the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any 
amount of interest in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series or any of them within five 
days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series or the Trust 
Deed or the Agency Agreement and (except in the case where the Trustee determines that 
such default is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice, as hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) such default remains unremedied for 30 days (or such longer 
period as the Trustee may permit) after written notice thereof has been delivered to the 
Issuer by the Trustee requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or any Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when 
due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a 
result of the occurrence of an event of default howsoever described; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount 
payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness, 
provided that the aggregate amount of the indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities of 
either the Issuer and/or any of its Material Subsidiaries in respect of which one or more of 
the events mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred exceeds Norwegian 
Kroner 300,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) at any time; or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: a judgment or order for the payment of any amount is rendered 
against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries and continues unsatisfied or unstayed 
for a period of 30 days after the date thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for 
payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed, of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or

--- Page 51 ---
- 39 - 
(f) 
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries is appointed (or application for any such appointment is 
made) in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a 
general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally (other than for the purpose of a reconstruction or amalgamation upon terms and 
within such a period as may have been previously agreed in writing by the Trustee) or 
declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it or (iv) otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to a 
Permitted Reorganisation, the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business; or 
(g) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (otherwise than 
for the purposes of or pursuant to a Permitted Reorganisation); or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of Norway has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above (otherwise than for 
the purposes of or pursuant to a Permitted Reorganisation); or 
(i) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, 
fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights 
and perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes, the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid and 
binding and (iii) to make the Notes, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement admissible 
in evidence in the courts of Norway is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any 
of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement. 
In this Condition 7, "Permitted Reorganisation" means the conversion of the Issuer from a State 
Owned Enterprise of which the Norwegian State is the sole owner, and to which the King of 
Norway has decided that Act No. 71 of 30 August 1991 of Norway relating to State Owned 
Enterprises (as amended) shall apply, to a limited company (AS or ASA) to which the Norwegian 
Limited Companies Acts of 13 June 1997 no. 44 and 45 (as amended) shall apply provided that 
prior to such conversion the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee (i) a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer stating that the said conversion is to occur and describing the facts leading 
thereto and confirming that the surviving entity will not have any greater financial liabilities 
following the conversion than does the Issuer prior to the conversion and the Trustee shall be 
entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein without further 
investigation and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that such reorganisation is a universal succession such that the new entity succeeds to the rights 
and obligations of the Issuer by operation of law. 
7.2 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to take any of the actions referred to in Condition 7.1 except that 
if the Trustee, having become bound to take such action, fails to do so within a reasonable period 
and such failure shall be continuing, then any Noteholder of the relevant Series may, on giving an 
indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, in the name of the Trustee (but not otherwise), himself take 
such action to the same extent (but not further or otherwise) that the Trustee would have been 
entitled so to do. 
7.3 
In this Condition, "Material Subsidiary" means at any time any Subsidiary of the Issuer, the book 
value of the assets of which exceeds 10 per cent. of the Consolidated Assets of the Group or the 
revenues of which exceed 10 per cent. of the Consolidated Revenues of the Group and, for these 
purposes, the book value of the assets and revenues of such Subsidiary shall be determined by 
reference to the Issuer's then most recent audited consolidated annual financial statements as 
certified to the Trustee by the Auditors of the Issuer (as defined in the Trust Deed).

--- Page 52 ---
- 40 - 
7.4 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Consolidated Assets" means the consolidated assets, tangible and intangible, of the Group as 
shown in the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
"Consolidated Revenues" means the consolidated revenues of the Group as shown in the most 
recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
"Guarantee" means, in respect of any Indebtedness of any person, any obligation of another person 
to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Subsidiary" means in respect of the Issuer at any particular time, any company or corporation: 
(a) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer; or 
(b) 
more than half of the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the Issuer; or 
(c) 
which is a subsidiary of another subsidiary of the Issuer. 
8. 
Taxation 
8.1 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the Notes 
will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of Norway or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the Holder 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been 
receivable by such Holder in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with Norway other than (a) the mere holding of such Note or Coupon or (b) 
the receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of such Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the relevant Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
the same for payment on or before the expiry of such period of thirty days. 
8.2 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means, in respect of any 
payment, the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent (or as the case may be, 
the Registrar) or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, it means the first date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received and being available for payment to Holders, notice 
to that effect shall have been duly given to the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in 
accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 53 ---
- 41 - 
8.3 
If the Issuer becomes subject generally at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than or in 
addition to Norway, references in Condition 6.2 and Condition 8.1 to Norway shall be read and 
construed as references to Norway and/or to such other jurisdiction(s). 
8.4 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" and/or "interest" in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this 
Condition 8 or under any undertakings given in addition to or in substitution for this Condition 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to "principal" shall include any premium payable in respect of an Note, any 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount and any other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and "interest" shall include all amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 and any other amounts in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these 
Terms and Conditions. 
9. 
Payments 
9A 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
9A.1 
This Condition 9A is applicable in relation to Notes in bearer form. 
9A.2 
Payment of amounts (other than interest) due in respect of Bearer Notes will be made against 
presentation and (save in the case of partial payment or payment of an Instalment Amount (other 
than the final Instalment Amount)) surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes at the specified office of 
any of the Paying Agents. 
Payment of Instalment Amounts (other than the final Instalment Amount) in respect of an 
Instalment Note which is a Definitive Note with Receipts will be made against presentation of the 
Note together (if applicable) with the relevant Receipt and surrender of such Receipt. 
The Receipts are not and shall not in any circumstances be deemed to be documents of title and if 
separated from the Note to which they relate will not represent any obligation of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the presentation of an Note without the relative Receipt or the presentation of a 
Receipt without the Note to which it appertains shall not entitle the Holder to any payment in 
respect of the relevant Instalment Amount. 
9A.3 
Payment of amounts in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made: 
(i) 
in the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, against presentation 
of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note to the order of any of 
the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9A.4 applies) the United States and, in the 
case of a Temporary Global Note, upon due certification as required therein; 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their initial 
delivery, against presentation of the relevant Definitive Notes at the specified office of 
any of the Paying Agents outside (unless Condition 9A.4 applies) the United States; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes delivered with Coupons attached thereto at the time of their 
initial delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons or, in the case of interest due 
otherwise than on a scheduled date for the payment of interest, against presentation of the 
relevant Definitive Notes, in either case at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents 
outside (unless Condition 9A.4 applies) the United States. 
9A.4 
Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on the Bearer Notes and exchanges of Talons or 
Coupon sheets in accordance with Condition 9A.7 will not be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in the United States (as defined in the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended, and Regulations thereunder) unless (a) payment in full of amounts due in respect of 
interest on such Notes when due or, as the case may be, the exchange of Talons at all the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (b) such payment or exchange is permitted by 
applicable United States law. If paragraphs (a) and (b) of the previous sentence apply, the Issuer 
shall forthwith appoint a further Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City.

--- Page 54 ---
- 42 - 
9A.5 
If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Bearer Note is not a Relevant 
Financial Centre Day and a local banking day (both as defined in Condition 9C.3), then the Holder 
thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day which is such a day, and from 
such day and thereafter will be entitled to receive payment by cheque on any local banking day, 
and will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account on any day which is a local 
banking day, a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant 
designated account is located and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be 
due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue from the due date 
for payment as provided in Condition 5.7 or, if appropriate, Condition 5.10. 
9A.6 
Each Definitive Note initially delivered with Coupons, Talons or Receipts attached thereto should 
be presented and, save in the case of partial payment of the Redemption Amount, surrendered for 
final redemption together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating thereto, failing 
which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specifies that this paragraph (i) of Condition 9A.6 is applicable (and, in 
the absence of specification, this paragraph (i) shall apply to Definitive Notes which bear 
interest at a fixed rate or rates or in fixed amounts) and subject as hereinafter provided, 
the amount of any missing unmatured Coupons (or, in the case of a payment not being 
made in full, that portion of the amount of such missing Coupon which the Redemption 
Amount paid bears to the total Redemption Amount due) (excluding, for this purpose, but 
without prejudice to paragraph (iii) below, Talons) will be deducted from the amount 
otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted being payable against 
surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents at any 
time within ten years of the Relevant Date applicable to payment of such Redemption 
Amount; 
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specifies that this paragraph (ii) of Condition 9A.6 is applicable (and, 
in the absence of specification, this paragraph (ii) shall apply to Notes which bear interest 
at a floating rate or rates or in variable amounts) all unmatured Coupons (excluding, for 
this purpose, but without prejudice to paragraph (iii) below, Talons) relating to such 
Definitive Notes (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made thereafter in respect of them; 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, all 
unmatured Talons (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no 
exchange for Coupons shall be made thereafter in respect of them; and 
(iv) 
in the case of Definitive Notes initially delivered with Receipts attached thereto, all 
Receipts relating to such Notes in respect of a payment of an Instalment Amount which 
(but for such redemption) would have fallen due on a date after such due date for 
redemption (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made thereafter in respect of them. 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 9A.6 notwithstanding, if any Definitive Notes 
should be issued with a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the presentation 
for payment of any such Definitive Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, the amount required by paragraph (i) to be deducted would be greater than 
the Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption of any 
such Definitive Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) shall become void (and 
no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, upon application of the 
provisions of paragraph (i) in respect of such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount 
required by paragraph (i) to be deducted would not be greater than the Redemption Amount 
otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing sentence requires some but not 
all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Definitive Note to become void, the relevant Paying 
Agent shall determine which unmatured Coupons are to become void, and shall select for such 
purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates.

--- Page 55 ---
- 43 - 
9A.7 
In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or after the due 
date for the payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside (unless Condition 9A.4 applies) the United States in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (including any appropriate further Talon), subject to the provisions of Condition 10 below. 
Each Talon shall, for the purpose of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment 
Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
9B 
Payments – Registered Notes 
9B.1 
This Condition 9B is applicable in relation to Notes in registered form. 
9B.2 
Payment of the Redemption Amount (together with accrued interest) due in respect of Registered 
Notes will be made against presentation and, save in the case of partial payment of the Redemption 
Amount, surrender of the relevant Registered Note Certificates at the specified office of the 
Registrar. If the due date for payment of the Redemption Amount of any Registered Note is not a 
Relevant Financial Centre Day and a local banking day (both as defined in Condition 9C.3), then 
the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day which is such a day, 
and from such day and thereafter will be entitled to receive payment by cheque on any local 
banking day, and, will be entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account on any day which 
is a local banking day, a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant 
designated account is located and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be 
due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in 
Condition 5.7 or, as appropriate, Condition 5.10. 
9B.3 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than the Redemption 
Amount) in respect of Registered Notes will be paid to the Holder thereof (or, in the case of joint 
Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the register kept by the Registrar at: 
(i) 
in the case of Registered Notes which are not in global certificate form, opening of 
business (local time in the place of the specified office of the Registrar) on the fifteenth 
Relevant Banking Day (as defined in Condition 2.7) before the due date for such payment; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Registered Notes which are in global certificate form, close of business (in 
the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for 
such payment where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each 
clearing system for which the Registered Note is being held is open for business, 
(the "Record Date"). 
9B.4 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 9C.2, payment of amounts (whether principal, interest 
or otherwise) due (other than the Redemption Amount) in respect of Registered Notes will be made 
in the currency in which such amount is due by cheque posted to the address (as recorded in the 
register held by the Registrar) of the Holder thereof on the Relevant Banking Day (as defined in 
Condition 2.7) not later than the relevant due date for payment unless prior to the relevant Record 
Date the Holder thereof has applied to the Registrar and the Registrar has acknowledged such 
application for payment to be made to a designated account denominated in the relevant currency 
(in the case aforesaid, a non-resident account with an authorised foreign exchange bank) in which 
case payment shall be made on the relevant due date for payment by transfer to such account. In 
the case of payment by transfer to an account, if the due date for any such payment is not a Relevant 
Financial Centre Day, then the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the first 
day thereafter which is a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant 
designated account is located and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be 
due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance 
with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in 
Condition 5.7 or, as appropriate, Condition 5.10.

--- Page 56 ---
- 44 - 
9C 
Payments – General Provisions 
9C.1 
Save as otherwise specified in these Terms and Conditions, this Condition 9C is applicable in 
relation to Notes whether in bearer or in registered form. 
9C.2 
Payments of amounts due (whether principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of Notes will be 
made in the currency in which such amount is due (a) by cheque or (b) at the option of the payee, 
by transfer to an account denominated in the relevant currency specified by the payee (in the case 
of payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, a non-resident account with an authorised 
foreign exchange bank specified by the payee). Payments will, without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8, be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations and 
(ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
9C.3 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
"Relevant Financial Centre Day" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
Relevant Financial Centre and in any other place specified in the Final Terms and, in the 
case of payment in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(ii) 
"local banking day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the place of presentation of the relevant Note or, as the case may be, Coupon. 
9C.4 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes or Coupons in respect of 
such payments. 
9D 
Redenomination 
9D.1 
This Condition 9D is applicable to a Series of Notes only if it is specified in the Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
9D.2 
If the country of the Specified Currency (as defined below) adopts or announces its intention to 
adopt the euro as its lawful currency, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders of the 
Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons of such Series, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Holders of the Notes of such Series in accordance with Condition 14 and to the Trustee, elect that, 
with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes of such Series shall 
be redenominated in euro. 
9D.3 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
each Specified Denomination (as defined below) and, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
each amount specified on the Coupons will be deemed to be denominated in such amount 
of euro as is equivalent to its denomination or the amount of interest so specified in the 
Specified Currency at the rate of conversion of such Specified Currency into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with European Union 
regulations), rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(ii) 
after the Redenomination Date (as defined below), all payments in respect of the Notes, 
the Receipts and the Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods 
commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though 
references in the Notes to the Relevant Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in 
euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque;

--- Page 57 ---
- 45 - 
(iii) 
if the Notes are interest-bearing Notes (as described in Condition 5.2) and interest for any 
period ending on or after the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period 
of less than one year, it will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed 
divided by 365 (or, if any of the days elapsed fall in a leap year, the sum of (A) the number 
of those days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the number of those days falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes (as described in Condition 5.3) the Final Terms will 
specify any relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest; and 
(v) 
such other changes shall be made to these Terms and Conditions as the Issuer may decide, 
with the prior written approval of the Trustee, and as may be specified in the notice, to 
conform them to conventions then applicable to Notes denominated in euro or to enable 
the Notes to be consolidated with Other Notes (as defined below) whether or not originally 
denominated in the Specified Currency or euro. Any such other changes will not take 
effect until after they have been notified to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
9E 
Exchangeability 
Where Exchangeability is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons of the relevant 
Series, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 14, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date or such later date for payment 
of interest on the Notes as it may specify in the notice, the Notes shall be exchangeable for Notes 
expressed to be denominated in euro in accordance with such arrangements as the Issuer may 
decide, with the prior written approval of the Trustee and as may be specified in the notice, 
including arrangements under which Receipts and Coupons unmatured at the date so specified 
become void. 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"euro" means the currency of those member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
(b) 
"Other Notes" means, at any time, any one or more Series of other Notes of the Issuer 
which have the same or substantially the same Terms and Conditions (as then in effect and 
which have not lapsed and/or the rights in respect of which have not been exercised) as 
the Notes (other than in relation to the currency of original denomination and/or 
denomination and/or the Terms and Conditions relating to business days or interest accrual 
bases and/or the stock exchange(s) if any on which such Notes are listed and/or the 
clearing system(s) on which such Notes are cleared and settled and/or redenomination into 
euro and/or notices); 
(c) 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for 
payment of interest under the Notes or (in the case of non-interest bearing Notes) any date, 
in each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Holders of Notes and to the 
Trustee pursuant to Condition 9D.2 above and which falls on or after the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty or, if the country 
of the Specified Currency is not one of the countries then participating in such third stage, 
which falls on or after such later date as it does so participate; 
(d) 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the Final Terms; 
(e) 
"Specified Denomination" means the denomination specified in the Final Terms; and 
(f) 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.

--- Page 58 ---
- 46 - 
9F 
Payments – VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes will be made to the Noteholders shown 
in the records of the VPS in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to 
time governing the relevant Securities Depository. 
10. 
Prescription 
10.1 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be prescribed 
and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case of interest, 
five years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8.2) for payment thereof. 
10.2 
In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, there shall not be 
included in any Coupon sheet issued upon exchange of a Talon any Coupon which would be void 
upon issue pursuant to Condition 9A.6 or the due date for the payment of which would fall after 
the due date for the redemption of the relevant Note or which would be void pursuant to this 
Condition 10 or any Talon the maturity date of which would fall after the due date for redemption 
of the relevant Note. 
11. 
The Paying Agents, the Registrars, the VPS Account Manager and the Calculation Agent 
11.1 
The initial Paying Agents, Registrars and VPS Account Manager and their respective initial 
specified offices are specified below. The Calculation Agent in respect of any Notes shall be 
specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate (with 
the prior written approval of the Trustee) the appointment of any Paying Agent (including the 
Principal Paying Agent) or the Registrar or the Calculation Agent or the VPS Account Manager 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or another Registrar or another Calculation Agent 
or another VPS Account Manager provided that it will at all times maintain (i) a Principal Paying 
Agent, (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, a Registrar, (iii) a Paying Agent (which may be the 
Principal Paying Agent) with a specified office in a continental European city, (iv) so long as the 
Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and the Oslo Stock Exchange, a Paying Agent (which may be 
the Principal Paying Agent) and a Registrar each with a specified office in such other place as may 
be required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange, (v) in the circumstances described in 
Condition 9A.4, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City, (vi) a Calculation Agent 
where required by the Terms and Conditions applicable to any Notes (in the case of (i), (ii), (iii)), 
(vii) a Paying Agent with a specified office located in such place (if any) as may be required by 
the Terms and Conditions) and (viii) in the case of VPS Notes, a VPS Account Manager. The 
Paying Agents, the Registrar, the VPS Account Manager and the Calculation Agent reserve the 
right (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) at any time to change their respective specified 
offices to some other specified office in the same city. Notice of all changes in the identities or 
specified offices of any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the VPS Account Manager or the Calculation 
Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14.  
11.2 
The Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer or, 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default the Trustee and, 
save as provided in the Agency Agreement or any other agreement entered into with respect to its 
appointment, do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon and each of them shall only be responsible for the 
performance of the duties and obligations expressly imposed upon it in the Agency Agreement or 
other agreement entered into with respect to its appointment or incidental thereto. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes 
If any Note, Registered Note Certificate, Receipt or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or such Paying 
Agent or Paying Agents as may be specified for such purpose in the Final Terms (in the case of 
Bearer Notes and Coupons) or of the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) ("Replacement 
Agent"), subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any competent listing authority 
and/or stock exchange on which the Notes are listed, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Replacement Agent may require. Mutilated or

--- Page 59 ---
- 47 - 
defaced Notes, Registered Note Certificates, Receipts and Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be delivered therefor. 
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Trust Deed contains provision for convening meetings of the Noteholders of any Series to 
consider any matter affecting their interest, including (without limitation) the modification of the 
Terms and Conditions or the Trust Deed. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of 
the Noteholders of any Series will be binding on all the Noteholders of such Series, whether or not 
they are present at the meeting, and on all holders of Coupons or Receipts relating to Notes of such 
Series. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method 
(which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Trustee may 
approve in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the convening of a single meeting of Noteholders of more 
than one series of Notes where the Trustee so decides. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders of any Series or the Coupons 
appertaining thereto, to any modification (subject to certain exceptions) of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these Terms and Conditions or any of 
the provisions of the Trust Deed which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the holders of such Notes or to any modification which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to 
concur with the Issuer in effecting any modification in the circumstances and as set out in Condition 
5.4(iv) without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders. The Trustee may also determine 
that any event which would or might otherwise constitute an Event of Default under Condition 7 
shall not do so, provided that, in the opinion of the Trustee, such event is not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series. Any such modification, waiver, 
authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Holders of the Notes of such Series and of 
the Receipts and of the Coupons (if any) relating thereto and (unless the Trustee agrees otherwise) 
any such modification shall be notified to the Holders of such Notes as soon as practicable 
thereafter in accordance with Condition 14. 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions (including but not 
limited to, those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
assumption as aforesaid) in relation to any Series of Notes, the Trustee shall have regard to the 
interest of the Holders of such Notes as a class and, in particular, but without prejudice to the 
generality of the foregoing, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Holders resulting from their being, for any purpose, domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to any jurisdiction of, any particular territory. No Holder of a 
Note or Coupon shall, in connection with any assumption as aforesaid, be entitled to claim from 
the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
substitution upon individual Holders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8. 
14. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
14.1 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Notes will, save where another means of effective communication 
has been specified herein or in the Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if published in a 
leading daily newspaper having general circulation in the United Kingdom (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in the United Kingdom (or, if permitted by 
the relevant listing authority or stock exchange, in the case of Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note or Permanent Global Note, if delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system for communication by them to the persons shown in their 
respective records as having interests therein). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in compliance with the requirements of each listing authority or stock exchange on which 
the Notes are listed. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of

--- Page 60 ---
- 48 - 
first such publication (or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date 
on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers) or, as the case may be, 
on the fourth weekday after the date of such delivery to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or such other clearing system. Holders of Coupons will be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to Holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this 
Condition. 
To Holders of Registered Notes 
14.2 
Notices to Holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by air mail to them at their respective 
addresses as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fourth weekday after the date of such mailing or, if posted from another country, on 
the fifth such day. 
To Holders of VPS Notes 
14.3 
Notices to Holders of VPS Notes shall be given in accordance with the rules and regulations set 
out by the VPS as amended from time to time. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of any Notes or Coupons, 
create and issue further instruments, bonds or debentures having the same terms and conditions as 
such Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest, if any, on them 
and/or the denomination thereof) so as to form a single series with the Notes of any particular 
Series. 
16. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
16.1 
The Notes and the Trust Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by English law. VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Securities 
Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time to time and the holders of VPS 
Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise 
under this Act and any related regulations and legislation. 
16.2 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed: (i) agreed that the courts of England shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes; (ii) 
agreed that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any 
Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue that any other courts are more appropriate or 
convenient; (iii) designated a person in England to accept service of any process on its behalf; (iv) 
consented to the enforcement of any judgment; and (v) to the extent that it may in any jurisdiction 
claim for itself or its assets immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, 
before judgment or otherwise) or other legal process, and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction 
there may be attributed to itself or its assets or revenues such immunity (whether or not claimed), 
agreed not to claim and irrevocably waived such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws 
of such jurisdiction. The submission to the jurisdiction of the English courts by the Issuer in the 
Trust Deed is for the benefit of the Trustee and the Noteholders. Nothing contained in the Trust 
Deed prevents the Trustee or any of the Noteholders from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee or 
any of the Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
17. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 61 ---
- 49 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II. No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 2 
 
[EU MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")/[EU 
MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]/[•]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form, duly completed to reflect 
the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
 
1 
Include where Part B item 9(vii) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable". 
2 
Include where Part B item 9(viii) of the Final Terms specifies "Applicable".

--- Page 62 ---
- 50 - 
Final Terms dated [•] 
STATNETT SF 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the 
€4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2022 [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.] / [Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth 
in the base prospectus dated 19 May 2022 (the "Base Prospectus"). These Final Terms contain the final 
terms of the Notes and, save in respect of the Conditions, must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus[es] dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus[es]] as well as 
these Final terms [has/have] been published on the website of (i) Euronext Dublin at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin; 
and 
(ii) 
the 
Oslo 
Stock 
Exchange 
at 
https://newsweb.oslobors.no/. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 2017/1129. 
1. (i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and form a 
single series: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [•] on 
[[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [  ] below [which is expected to occur on or about [  ]] 
 
2. Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
(Condition 1.12) 
[•] 
 
3. Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche:] 
[•] 
 
4. Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from the Interest Commencement Date/[•]] 
 
5. (i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
(Condition 1.9, 1.10 or 
1.11) 
 
(In the case of 
Registered Notes, this 
means the minimum 
[•] [and integral multiples of [•]] subject to an initial minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency] 
 
[•]

--- Page 63 ---
- 51 - 
integral amount in which 
transfers can be made) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
6. (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
7. Maturity Date: 
(Condition 6.1) 
[•]/[in the case of Instalment Notes specify the Instalment Date(s) 
for repayment of each Instalment Amount] 
 
8. Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[reference rate] +/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below at item [13]/[14]/ [15]) 
 
9. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount]/ [•] 
 
10. Change of Interest Basis: 
[[For 
the 
period 
from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] paragraph 
[13]/[14] applies and for the period from (and including) [•] to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date, paragraph [13/14] 
applies]/Not Applicable] 
 
11. Put/Call Options: 
(Conditions 6.3, 6.6 and 6.7) 
[Investor Put - Change of Control] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
12. Date Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE (Condition 5) 
 
13. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear] on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted for payment purposes only in 
accordance with [•]/; not adjusted] 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
30/360 / Actual/Actual(ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360(ISDA)  
 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
 
 
14. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 64 ---
- 52 - 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/ 
Eurodollar 
Convention/No 
Adjustment] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Paying Agent): 
[Not Applicable /[•] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
("ISDA Rate Notes" - 
Condition 5.6) 
[Not Applicable/Issuer is [Fixed Rate/Fixed Amount/Fixed 
Price/Floating Rate/Floating Amount/Floating Price] Payer] 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Interest Period 
End Dates: 
[•] 
 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using

--- Page 65 ---
- 53 - 
Linear Interpolation] (specify for each short or long interest 
period) 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(Condition 5.12) 
[•] 
 
15. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(Condition 5.10) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bank: 
(Condition 5.12) 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[•] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION (Condition 6) 
 
16. Call Option 
(Condition 6.3) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Call Option Date(s): 
[[•]/Any day in the period from (and including) [date] to (but 
excluding) [[•]/ the Maturity Date] 
 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption 
Amount (Call) per 
Calculation Amount:  
[[•]/[•] per Calculation Amount/Make-Whole Redemption Price] 
[in the case of the Call Option Date(s) falling [on [•]]/[in the 
period from and including [date] to but excluding [date]] [and 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Make-Whole Redemption Amount] 
[in the case of the Call Option Date(s) falling [on [•]/in the period 
from and including [date] to but excluding [date]]  
 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Price: 
[Spens 
Amount/Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[(If Not Applicable, delete the rest of this paragraph] 
 
 
[(a) 
Benchmark 
Security: 
[Insert applicable Benchmark Security] 
 
 
[(b) 
Reference Date: 
[•] 
 
 
[(c) 
Reference Time: 
[•] 
 
 
[(d) 
Make-Whole 
Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
[(e) 
Par Redemption 
Date: 
[•] 
 
 
[(f) 
Notice Period: 
[5/[•]] Business Days, as set out in the redemption notice to 
Holders pursuant to Condition 6.4]

--- Page 66 ---
- 54 - 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
17. Put Option 
(Condition 6.6) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Put Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Early Termination 
Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period:  
[15/[•]] Business Days, as set out in the redemption notice to 
Holders pursuant to Condition 6.7] 
 
18. Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
(Condition 6.1) 
(i) 
Maturity Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
[•]/[in the case of Instalment Notes specify Instalment Amount 
payable on the relevant Maturity Date] 
 
19. Early Redemption Amount  
[[•] /[Par] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(i)] 
Early Redemption 
Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or 
other early redemption  
 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Date after which changes 
in law etc. entitle Issuer 
to redeem: 
[•] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
20. Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [•] days' 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] (Condition 1.2) [In relation to any Notes 
with a minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher integral 
multiple of another smaller amount, note that "in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note" should 
be selected.] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[•] days' notice] (Condition 1.2) [If issuing in this form, note that 
Notes with a minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher 
integral multiple of another smaller amount will not be 
permitted.]

--- Page 67 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note] (Condition 1.5) [In relation to any 
Notes with a minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher 
integral multiple of another smaller amount, note that "in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note" 
should be selected.] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes]  
 
 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry form] 
 
21. New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
 
22. Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable]  
 
23. Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 68 ---
- 56 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. LISTING  
 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and 
Admission to 
trading: 
[Application is/has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the [regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin] [and] [regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange] with 
effect from the Issue Date/[•].]  
 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses related 
to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
 
2. RATINGS 
 
 
 
[The issuance of Notes itself has not been rated/The Notes [have been/are expected to be] rated: 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH: [•] 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [•]] 
[EEA Registered and UK endorsed/certified] 
 
[[•] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended.] 
[The rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] / [•] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] / [•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA] 
[UK Registered and EEA endorsed/certified] 
[[•] is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the rating it European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]. / [The rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended] / [•] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended. / [•] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
[Add a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if previously published by the ratings 
provider.] 
 
3. [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
 
Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale", so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in future engage, in investment banking activities and 
or/commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
 
4. [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 69 ---
- 57 - 
5. [Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] rates can be obtained from Reuters.] 
 
6. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
[(iii) 
FISN 
[•] 
[See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sources from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN]] 
 
 
[(iv) 
CFI Code  
[•] 
[See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sources from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN]] 
 
 
(v) 
Any clearing 
system(s) other 
than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and 
the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
(vii) 
Names and 
addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
 
(viii) 
If issued in 
Registered Form: 
 
 
 
 
Registrar: 
(Condition 2.2) 
[Name and specified office] 
 
 
(ix) 
Intended to be 
held in a manner 
which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered notes]]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as

--- Page 70 ---
- 58 - 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. [REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
[General Corporate Purposes / [To [finance/refinance] [investment in] Green Projects meeting the 
Eligibility Criteria] / [•] / See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus] 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (available 
on the Issuer’s website at http://www.statnett.no/en/investor-relations/).]] 
 
8. [THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
9. DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of 
Distribution: 
Syndicated/Non-syndicated 
 
 
(ii) 
Date of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, 
name and address 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not 
applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Relevant 
Benchmark[s]: 
 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation] OR 
[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply], such that [administrator legal name] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or if, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)/ 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to [Article 36] (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the UK

--- Page 71 ---
- 59 - 
Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of UK Benchmark Regulation 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the UK, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ 
  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.)] 
 
 
(viii)  Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail 
Investors  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(ix)   Prohibition of sales 
to Belgian 
Consumers 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
10. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO GREEN BONDS 
 
 
Green Bonds: 
[Yes/No] 
Delete the rest of this paragraph if No  
 
 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and name of third party 
assurance agent] and [give details of compliance opinion(s) and 
availability]] 
 
 
[Date of Third Party 
Opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 72 ---
- 60 - 
THE ISSUER'S BUSINESS 
History and Development of the Issuer 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is Statnett SF. 
The Issuer is a state-owned enterprise registered in the Kingdom of Norway with registration number 962 
986 633 and was incorporated on 20 December 1991. 
The Issuer is governed by the State Enterprise Act of Norway 1991 (the "Act"), as amended from time to 
time. Following amendments to the Act, there are few differences in law between state-owned enterprises 
and limited liability companies divided by share. A state-owned enterprise is however, not allowed to 
issue shares and can only be owned by the Norwegian State. Furthermore, a state-owned enterprise 
cannot, without the consent of its general meeting, conclude any cooperation agreements whereby it 
accepts unlimited liability for any or all of the obligations under the agreement. 
The registered office of the Issuer is Nydalen Allé 33, 0484 Oslo, Norway, and its telephone number is +47 
23 90 30 00. 
Recent Events 
There are no recent events particular to the Issuer that are, to a material extent, relevant to the evaluation 
of its solvency. 
Business overview 
Principal Activities 
The Issuer is the Norwegian Transmission System Operator ("TSO") for electricity. Being a TSO involves 
ownership and operation of the Norwegian high voltage electricity transmission grid (the "Transmission 
Grid") and responsibility for the coordination and day-to-day management of the entire Norwegian 
electricity system. The Issuer owns approximately 98 per cent of the Transmission Grid, the rest being 
owned by various other companies. However, the Issuer administers the entire Transmission Grid. 
The Transmission Grid includes subsea cables, power lines with voltages ranging from 132 kV to 420 kV 
and substations connecting high voltage lines with lower voltage installations. 
Revenue 
The Issuer's revenues derive principally from: (i) the users of the Transmission Grid, and (ii) congestion 
revenue from connections (i.e. the Issuer's power transmission lines and subsea cables) between price 
areas inside Norway and between Norway and other countries. Because the Issuer is in a monopoly 
situation, its revenues are regulated and supervised by Norwegian authorities, specifically the Norwegian 
Energy Regulatory Authority ("RME"). 
Each year, the RME sets an upper limit ("Revenue Cap"), on the amount of revenue the Issuer may earn. 
This Revenue Cap forms the basis for setting the level of tariffs that the users of the Transmission Grid 
have to pay. The basic principle for the RME is that the revenues earned should cover costs over time, as 
well as providing a reasonable return on investment in the Transmission Grid for efficient operators. 
Actual revenues may be higher or lower than the Revenue Cap set for a year. In such cases, the difference 
will be made up in the following years. 
The basis for calculating the return is a regulated rate of return and the book value of the Issuer's 
transmission assets. The regulated rate of return is a Weighted Average Cost of Capital/Capital Asset 
Pricing Model-based formula which has been revised from and including 2019. The book value is updated 
annually with full effect on the same year's Revenue Cap, and there is therefore no time lag from 
completion of an investment to the increase in Revenue Cap. 
Business Operations 
The Issuer's main business involves the operation and maintenance of its electricity transmission lines, 
subsea cables and substations. As a TSO, however, the Issuer has a system-wide responsibility for the

--- Page 73 ---
- 61 - 
entire Norwegian electricity power system as defined in the Energy Act (laid down by the Norwegian 
Parliament), and through regulations laid down by the RME, especially regulations regarding system 
responsibility in the power system. In short, the system responsibility covers: 
(i) 
coordination and day-to-day management of the entire Norwegian electricity power system, in 
order to ensure a balance between electricity generation and consumption; 
 
(ii) 
efficient operation of the Transmission Grid, including interconnections; and 
 
(iii) 
in the long-term, ensuring quality of power supplied through development and investment in 
the Transmission Grid. 
 
In addition to the business described above, the Issuer carries out the following tasks according to 
concessions granted by the RME: 
(a) 
Arrangements relating to tariffing 
 
The Revenue Cap forms the basis for the tariff that the Issuer collects from its customers. Any 
accumulated deviation between actual revenues collected through tariffs and the Revenue Cap 
will be made up by adjusting tariffs in subsequent years.  
 
(b) 
Balance settlement 
 
The balance settlement is administered by the Issuer in order to settle imbalances between actual 
production and consumption of electricity to ensure economical balance in the power market. 
This also involves the settlement of power required at short notice to maintain the system 
balance. The operational task to perform the balance settlement is outsourced to eSett Oy 
("eSett") in Finland. eSett operates the balance settlement on behalf of the TSOs in Finland, 
Sweden, Norway and Denmark in line with a harmonized set of rules. The Issuer is still 
responsible for the national balance settlement in accordance with the national regulation and 
for verifying that the imbalance settlement model and eSett fulfilling such regulations. 
(c) 
Elhub 
 
Elhub is a separate operations area assigned to the Issuer by the RME through the electricity 
imbalance settlement licence and will support market processes and distribution of metering 
values in the Norwegian electricity market. The Elhub-business has been organized as a 
subsidiary company wholly owned by the Issuer, Elhub AS ("Elhub"), performing the data hub 
tasks on behalf of the Issuer. Elhub has developed a data hub which started commercial 
operations in February 2019. 
(d) 
Elcertificates and Guarantees of origin 
 
The Issuer is appointed as the issuing body for Elcertificates and Guarantees of Origin (GO) by 
the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy. The Norwegian Energy Certificates System (NECS) is 
the register for GOs in Norway and keeps track of all issued certificates, account holders 
inventories, transactions and the elcertificate annual settlement process. 
 
The Renewables Directive 2009/28/EC specifies that all producers of renewable power have a 
right to receive GOs for their renewable power production, on a request from the producer. The 
Norwegian Energy act § 4-3 states that the Issuer has a duty to issue GOs. GOs and elcertificates 
are issued based on meter values from Elhub. 
The EU Third Internal Energy Market Package and appurtenant regulations 
On 22 March 2018, the Norwegian Parliament approved certain amendments to the Energy Act in order 
to implement the EU's Third Internal Energy Market Package. The amendments entered into force in 
November 2019. The amendments to the Energy Act impacts the Issuer in different ways and implies 
inter alia that the Issuer shall assume ownership over the parts of the Transmission Grid that are not 
currently owned by the Issuer.

--- Page 74 ---
- 62 - 
Due to implementation in Norway of EU's Third Internal Energy Market Package, the Issuer has acquired 
transmission grid facilities in several locations in Norway. Many of the acquired facilities are in need of 
rehabilitation and new investments, which the Issuer has planned for. 
As part of the implementation legislation for the Third Internal Energy Market Package, the Issuer must 
be certified as a TSO. The main purpose of this process is verification of the unbundling requirements 
for TSOs. The Issuer sent an application for certification in September 2020, and certification is expected 
to be received in 2022. 
Following the EU's Third Internal Energy Market Package, the EU have so far adopted four network 
codes and four guidelines by way of commission regulations, providing detailed rules on the management 
and operation of specific parts of the energy market. The four guidelines on transmission system 
operations, capacity allocation and congestion management, electricity balancing and forward capacity 
allocation were implemented into Norwegian law in August 2021, and have implications for the Issuer's 
business and the Issuer's rights and obligations as the Norwegian TSO. Moreover, the Issuer is 
participating in the Nordic and European work of establishing methodologies with further details on how 
to perform the role as TSO under several of the mentioned EU guidelines.  
Interconnectors 
The Issuer's interconnectors connect the Norwegian market with a foreign market. Revenues derive from 
price differences between the two connected price areas and the power volume transmitted. The price 
differences arise from differences between the interconnected power markets, such as electricity power 
generation from different sources, differences in demand patterns and limited transmission capacity or 
congestions. Ownership of the interconnector assets are divided, so that the Issuer owns assets in and 
offshore Norway, while the partner owns assets in its country and offshore that country. 
The Issuer holds a 50 per cent interest in each interconnector, while a TSO and/or TSO related partner in 
the connected market holds the other 50 per cent interest. Revenues and costs are shared equally on a 
50/50 per cent basis between the Issuer and the partner in the connected market. Investments in 
interconnectors, like any other grid investment, will be taken into account by the RME when calculating 
future Revenue Caps. Consequently, the Issuer's customers will indirectly bear the risks and rewards of 
the fluctuations in congestion revenues over time. The Issuer's deployment of congestion revenue from 
interconnectors is regulated through the EU's Third Internal Energy Market Package. 
The Netherlands 
The Issuer and the Dutch TSO, TenneT, jointly own and operate a subsea high-voltage cable ("NorNed") 
between Norway and the Netherlands. NorNed was put into operation in May 2008 and interconnects the 
Dutch and Norwegian electricity grids. 
Sweden and Denmark 
Norway has interconnectors with Sweden (overhead lines) and Denmark (subsea cables), operated jointly 
with the Swedish and Danish TSOs. 
Germany 
The subsea high-voltage cable ("NordLink") between Norway and Germany commenced normal 
operations in March 2021 and was officially opened in May 2021. The 623-kilometre cable has a capacity 
of 1,400 MW. The Norwegian part of NordLink became part of the regulatory asset base of the Issuer 
from 2019. 
UK 
The construction of a subsea high-voltage cable ("NSL") between Norway and England was completed 
in June 2021. Testing was conducted throughout the summer and in October 2021, and the interconnector 
went into trial operation.

--- Page 75 ---
- 63 - 
Organisational Structure 
The Issuer is the main operational company in the Issuer's group. However, it has several subsidiaries 
and associated companies, of which the following are the most significant: 
(i) 
Nord Link Norge AS (100 per cent owned): The ownership in the interconnector from Norway 
to Germany is shared equally on a 50/50 per cent basis, and the Issuer owns the Northern part 
of the interconnector through this company; 
 
(ii) 
Elhub AS (100 per cent owned): Elhub has developed and operates a datahub for metering data 
for electricity in Norway; 
 
(iii) 
Statnett Forsikring AS (100 per cent owned): Statnett Forsikring AS is a captive insurance 
company, which only insures the risks of the Issuer and Subsidiaries within the Group; 
 
(iv) 
Fifty AS (50 per cent owned). The remaining shares are owned by Svenska kraftnät, the 
Swedish TSO. This company develops IT solutions for the benefit of its owners and the other 
Nordic TSOs, particularly relating to balancing;  
 
(v) 
TSO Holding AS ("TSO Holding") (32.2 per cent owned). TSO Holding is an associated 
company which owns 34 per cent of the shares in Nord Pool Holding AS. The remaining 66 per 
cent is owned by Euronext. Nord Pool Holding AS is the sole owner of the shares in Nord Pool 
AS, operating one of the leading European power exchanges, and European Market Coupling 
Operator AS. In March 2021, the Issuer bought 2 per cent of the shares in TSO Holding AS and 
increased its holdings from 30.2 to 32.2 per cent; and 
 
(vi) 
eSett OY (25 per cent owned). The remaining shares are equally owned by Svenska kraftnät (the 
Swedish TSO), Fingrid (the Finnish TSO) and Energinet (the Danish TSO,). eSett is responsible 
for imbalance settlement and invoicing services for the TSOs. 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
Profit Forecasts or Estimates 
The Issuer does not intend to make or imply any profit forecasts or estimates in this Base Prospectus. No 
statement contained in this Base Prospectus should be interpreted as a forecast or estimate. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Senior Management Team 
The Senior Management Team of the Issuer consists of: 
Name  
Function  
Hilde Merete Tonne 
President and CEO 
Håkon Borgen 
Executive 
Vice 
President, 
Offshore 
Development  
Knut Hundhammer3 
CFO and Executive Vice President, Finance 
and Corporate Affairs 
Peer O. Østli 
Executive Vice President, System Operations  
 
3 Knut Hundhammer will be replaced by Cathrine Lund Larsen who has been appointed as CFO and 
Executive Vice President, Finance & Corporate Affairs as of 1 June 2022.

--- Page 76 ---
- 64 - 
Elisabeth Vike Vardheim 
Executive Vice President, Grid and Asset 
Management 
Gunnar G. Løvås 
Executive Vice President, Markets and System 
Development 
Beate Sander Krogstad 
Executive Vice President, Transformation and 
Digital 
Bente Monica Haaland 
Acting Executive Vice President, People and 
Sustainability 
The business address of each member of the Senior Management Team is Nydalen Allé 33, 0484 Oslo, 
Norway. 
Each member of the Senior Management Team is a full-time employee of the Issuer and does not have 
any significant activities outside the Issuer. 
The list above represents the organisational structure and management of the Issuer, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to the Issuer's articles of association, the Board of Directors consists of between seven to nine 
members. The Issuer's employees must elect three members of the Board of Directors. 
Name 
Function 
Principal activities 
outside the Issuer  
Address 
Jon Fredrik Baksaas 
Chairperson 
International telecom 
consultant and 
advisor for 
Norwegian 
technology start-ups, 
Board chairman of 
DNV Group, Board 
member of LM 
Ericsson AB and 
Handelsbanken AB 
Kampebråten 5b, 
1338 Sandvika 
Tove Pettersen 
Deputy Chairperson 
Director of Finance 
and Administration 
of the Red Cross 
Norway, Board 
member of NRC 
Group ASA 
Priorveien 10b, 0377 
Oslo 
Egil Gjesteland 
Board Member 
Senior Consultant, 
Self-employed, 
Board member of 
Egypt Solar BV 
Løvliveien 13, 3470 
Slemmestad 
Maria Sandsmark 
Board Member 
Scientist, 
Møreforskning, 
Høgskolen i Molde 
Anders Sandvigs veg 
10, 6414 Molde

--- Page 77 ---
- 65 - 
Christian Reusch 
Board Member 
Lawyer/partner at 
Advokatfirmaet 
Simonsen Vogt Wiig 
Lillevannsveien 66, 
0788 Oslo 
Wenche Teigland 
Board Member 
Investor and advisor 
for start-up 
companies, Board 
member of Vy Group 
AS, Quanta Fuels 
ASA, Powerzeek AS 
and Mocean Invest 
AS 
Rieber-Mohns veg 
27, 5232 Paradis 
Ole Bjørn Kirstihagen 
Board Member 
Senior adviser 
standard systems, 
Statnett SF 
Statnett SF, PO Box 
4904, Nydalen 0423 
Oslo 
Steinar Jøråndstad 
Board Member 
Energy technology 
specialist, Statnett SF 
Statnett SF, 
Vågåmo 
Stasjonsgruppe, 
2680 Vågå 
Ingeborg Ligaarden 
Board Member 
Senior Analyst in 
risk consulting, 
Statnett SF 
Statnett SF, PO Box 
4904, Nydalen 0423 
Oslo 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of any of the members of the 
Senior Management Team or the Board of Directors listed above and their private interests or their other 
duties. 
Owner 
The Issuer is wholly owned by the Norwegian State. A Norwegian state-owned enterprise can have no 
owner other than the Norwegian State, and as such there are no arrangements in place of which may result 
in a change of control of the Issuer. 
Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and liabilities, financial position and profits and 
losses 
Historical Annual Financial Information 
The following historical financial information in relation to the Issuer for its financial years ended 31 
December 2021 (the "2021 Annual Report") and 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Annual Report" together 
with the 2021 Annual Report, the "Annual Reports") is contained, at the locations listed, in its Annual 
Reports for those periods prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 
as approved by the EU, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the balance sheets (on page 79 of the 2021 Annual Report and on page 77 of the 2020 Annual 
Report); 
 
(ii) 
the statements of comprehensive income (on page 78 of the 2021 Annual Report and on page 
76 of the 2020 Annual Report); and 
 
(iii) 
the accounting policies and explanatory notes (on pages 82-146 of the 2021 Annual Report and 
on pages 80-145 of the 2020 Annual Report). 
 
The financial statements referred to above contain both the Issuer's own financial statements and 
consolidated financial statements for the Group.

--- Page 78 ---
- 66 - 
Credit ratings of the Issuer 
The Issuer is currently assigned ratings of A2 by Moody's Deutschland GmbH. and A+ by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited. Each credit rating agency is established in the EEA and is registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation.

--- Page 79 ---
- 67 - 
TAXATION 
NORWEGIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general summary of Norwegian tax considerations relating to acquisitions, holding 
and disposal of Notes issued under the Programme. The information does not purport to be a 
complete summary of Norwegian tax law and practice currently applicable. This summary is based 
upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. Such changes could be made on a retrospective basis. 
The tax laws of the investor’s state and of the Issuer’s state of incorporation might have an impact on the 
income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions 
under the tax laws of those countries. 
Norwegian tax legislation does not currently include statutory legislation relating specifically to Notes. 
Instead, taxation treatment must be derived from general tax rules and principles applicable to capital 
income and capital gains. Therefore, the answers to certain questions in respect of the legal basis and 
principles of recognition of income related to the Notes may be uncertain. The Final Terms, may cause the 
taxation of the Notes to depart from the taxation treatment described in this summary. 
Due to the general nature of this summary, potential investors are advised to consult with and rely upon 
their own tax advisers. Noteholders tax resident in jurisdictions other than Norway should consult with and 
rely upon local tax advisers as regards the tax position in their country of residence. 
Non-Norwegian holders 
Payment of interest 
With effect from 1 July 2021, interests that are paid from an entity with full or limited tax liability to 
Norway to a recipient that is tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction outside of Norway shall be subject to 15 
per cent withholding tax to the extent the recipient is a related party to the payor. The definition of a related 
party is linked to whether there is a direct or indirect ownership or control by at least 50 per cent. A low-
tax jurisdiction is defined as a jurisdiction that has an efficient tax rate that is less than two-thirds of the 
effective Norwegian tax rate on similar income. Recipients that are genuinely established within the 
European Economic Area and conduct real economic activity there, will not be subject to withholding tax 
under the new rules.  
As the new rules will not apply to interest payments between unrelated parties the new rules for withholding 
tax will not apply to interest on the Notes. Payments of principal and interest on the Notes to persons or 
legal entities having no connection with Norway other than the holding of Notes issued by the Issuer, and 
therefore not considered resident in Norway for tax purposes, (nor considered to hold the Notes in 
connection with business activities conducted or managed in Norway), are thus not subject to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or Governmental 
charges.  
Sale, exchange and redemption of Notes 
Gains or profits realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of the Notes by persons or legal entities having 
no connection with Norway other than the holding of Notes issued by the Issuer, and therefore not 
considered resident in Norway for tax purposes (nor considered to hold the Notes in connection with 
business activities conducted or managed in Norway), are not subject to Norwegian taxes, duties, 
assessments or Governmental charges. 
Stamp duties and net wealth taxation 
No Norwegian issue tax or stamp duties are payable in connection with the issue of the Notes. 
Notes held by persons or legal entities having no connection with Norway other than the holding of Notes, 
and therefore not considered resident in Norway for tax purposes (nor considered to hold the Notes in

--- Page 80 ---
- 68 - 
connection with business activities conducted or managed in Norway), will not be subject to net wealth 
taxation in Norway. 
Norwegian holders 
Payment of interest 
Holders of Notes resident in Norway for tax purposes will be subject to Norwegian capital income taxation 
on interest which is currently 22 per cent. The same applies to persons and legal entities that hold the Notes 
in connection with any business activity conducted or managed in Norway. 
Interest is generally recognised for tax purposes at the time the interest is considered acquired on an accrual 
basis. This means that neither the actual payment nor the due date of possible payment of interest is as a 
starting point decisive when determining when interest deriving from the Notes is recognised for tax 
purposes. 
Sale, exchange and redemption of Notes 
Holders of Notes resident in Norway for tax purposes are taxed in Norway on realised gains (including sale, 
exchange and redemption) of Notes and have a right to deduct losses, which arise on such realisation, 
provided that one of the following conditions is met: 
• 
the Notes are classified as debentures ("mengdegjeldsbrev") as opposed to non-negotiable debt, or 
• 
the realisation of the Notes is connected to business activities. 
Gains are taxable as ordinary income, currently at a rate of 22 per cent. Losses are deductible at the same 
rate. This will include gains or losses attributed to any change in the denominated currency (other than 
NOK). Such gains or losses are taxable event if the Notes are not classified as debentures or not connected 
to business activities. Such gains will further be subject to special timing rules for tax purposes. 
The same applies to persons and legal entities that hold the Notes in connection with any business activity 
conducted or managed in Norway. 
Net wealth taxation 
For holders of Notes resident in Norway for tax purposes or that hold the Notes in connection with business 
activities conducted or managed in Norway, except limited liability companies and similar entities, the 
Notes will be taken into account for net wealth tax purposes in Norway. Listed Notes are valued at the 
market value on 1 January in the assessment year. The marginal rate of net wealth tax is 0.95 per cent on 
net wealth up to NOK 20,000,000. Net wealth above NOK 20,000,000 is taxed at a rate of 1.1%. 
THE US FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT ("FATCA") 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Kingdom of 
Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally 
would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.

--- Page 81 ---
- 69 - 
However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member State"). Estonia has since officially 
announced its withdrawal from the negotiations. 
 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States 
may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 82 ---
- 70 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP 
Paribas, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Danske Bank A/S, NatWest Markets N.V., 
Nordea Bank Abp, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and any 
other dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from 
time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased and paid for by, Dealers are set out in an 
amended and restated dealer agreement dated 19 May 2022 (as the same may from time to time be further 
amended supplemented or restated, the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement 
makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 1 TEFRA D, unless TEFRA C is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States, and may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding 
sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will 
identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, to the Issuer that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty days after 
the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States 
or, to or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, other than pursuant to Rule 144A, and such Dealer and 
its affiliates will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period 
relating thereto, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until forty days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than 
in accordance with Rule 144A or another exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Base 
Prospectus has been filed with and approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway 
or to residents of Norway, other than: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for 
a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor cf. the Prospectus Regulation Article 1

--- Page 83 ---
- 71 - 
no. 4 (c) as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act 
of 29 June 2007 No. 75. (the "Securities Trading Act"); or 
(b) 
to "qualified investors" as defined in the Prospectus Regulation Article 2 (e), cf. Article 1 no. 4 (a), 
as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act; or 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "qualified investors") as defined the 
Prospectus Regulation Article 2 (e), cf. Article 1 no. 4 (b), as incorporated into Norwegian law 
pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for 
the registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation Article 1 no. 4 and no. 6 as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant 
to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act. 
The Notes shall be registered in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Securities Depository Act 
of 15 March 2019 no. 6 in a Securities Depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central 
securities depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving 
securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 
98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms will be the VPS unless (i) the Notes are denominated in NOK, issued outside of Norway and reserved 
for and only sold and offered to non-Norwegian residents and entities, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than NOK and issued outside of Norway. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes will only be sold in Norway to investors who have 
sufficient knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved with investing in the Notes. See also 
the selling restriction “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” below. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has further represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered, sold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell, transfer or deliver any Zero Coupon 
Notes in The Netherlands as part of their initial distribution (or immediately thereafter) or as part of any re-
offering. As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim 
for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which 
no interest is due whatsoever. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not 
advertise, offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian Consumers, and has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or 
indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided 
by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van

--- Page 84 ---
- 72 - 
economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or 
located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution 
Directive") , where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.   
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and

--- Page 85 ---
- 73 - 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, form or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus or any other material relating to the issue, offering and/or sale of Notes and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer or sale by it of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers 
or sales and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. Other persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers 
to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above.

--- Page 86 ---
- 74 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The admission of the Programme to listing on the Euronext Dublin Official List and trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin is expected to take effect on or about 19 May 2022. The 
listing of the Notes on Euronext Dublin will be expressed as a percentage of their principal amount 
(exclusive of accrued interest). Any Tranche of Notes intended to be admitted to listing on the 
Euronext Dublin Official List and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be so 
admitted to listing and trading upon submission to the Central Bank of Ireland and Euronext Dublin 
of the relevant Final Terms and any other information required by the Central Bank of Ireland and 
Euronext Dublin subject in each case to the issue of the relevant Notes. Prior to official listing, 
dealings will normally be permitted by Euronext Dublin in accordance with its rules. Transactions 
will normally be effected for delivery on the third working day after the day of the transaction. 
2. 
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation on the Oslo Stock Exchange as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and specified in the relevant Final Terms. Notes issued under the Programme may also 
be unlisted, or may be listed on a non-EU regulated market. 
3. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a Meeting of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer by a resolution (a "Board Resolution") passed on 12 December 1996. The update of the 
Programme was authorised by a Board Resolution passed on 24 March 2022. The Issuer has 
obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
4. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 5967007LIEEXZXHAI017. 
5. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Financial 
Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as 
applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.in 
relation to the Notes of each Series. 
6. 
The Issuer is not, and has not been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), 
which may have, or have had during the 12 months period prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, 
a significant effect on its financial position or profitability and or that of the Group. 
7. 
Since 31 December 2021, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or 
financial position of the Issuer and its subsidiaries and since 31 December 2021 there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
8. 
The financial statements of the Issuer have been audited for the two financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 by Deloitte AS, independent public auditors of the Issuer 
for that period, and unqualified opinions have been reported thereon. The address of Deloitte AS 
is Dronning Eufemias gate 14, Postboks 221 Sentrum, NO-0103 Oslo, Norway. Deloitte AS is a 
member of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants. 
9. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, 
where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected (i) at the 
Issuer's website, https://www.statnett.no/en/about-statnett/investor-relations/loan-documentation/, 
and (ii) during normal business hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and 
Registrar and from the head office of the Issuer, namely: 
(a) 
the Articles of Association (Vedtekter) and Company Certificate (Firmaattest) of the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
the current base prospectus for the Programme, together with any amendments thereto; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Trust Deed;

--- Page 87 ---
- 75 - 
(e) 
the most recent publicly available audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020; 
(f) 
the most recent publicly available unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of 
the Issuer; 
 
(g) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and for quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(h) 
the Issuer ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form). 
10. 
Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and any Coupon appertaining thereto will bear 
a legend substantially to the following effect: "Any United States person who holds this obligation 
will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended." The 
sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Bearer Note or 
Coupon generally will not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or 
redemption of such Bearer Note or Coupon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised 
as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
11. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the Principal 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar in relation to each Tranche of Notes. 
12. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the 
relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
13. 
Other than as may be required in respect of Green Bonds, the Issuer does not intend to provide any 
post issuance information in relation to any issue of Notes. 
14. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives 
and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf 
of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
15. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
16. 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Euronext Dublin Official 
List of or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Issuer website

--- Page 88 ---
- 76 - 
The Issuer's website is https://www.statnett.no/en/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into this base prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this 
prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 89 ---
- 77 - 
ISSUER 
 
Statnett SF 
Statnett SF 
PO Box 4904 Nydalen 
Nydalen Allé 33 
N-0423 Oslo 
Norway 
 
 
ARRANGER FOR THE PROGRAMME 
 
NatWest Markets N.V.  
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FL-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
 
Deloitte AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 14 
Postboks 221 Sentrum 
NO-0103 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 90 ---
- 78 - 
TRUSTEE 
 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
8th Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
REGISTRAR AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
to the Issuer as to Norwegian Law 
to the Issuer as to English Law 
 
Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS 
Dronning Mauds gate 11 
N-0117 Oslo 
Norway 
CMS Cameron McKenna Nabarro Olswang 
LLP 
Cannon Place 
78 Cannon Street 
London EC4N 6AF 
United Kingdom 
 
 
to the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law  
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland