--- Page 1 ---
10280460160-v10 
- i- 
55-41071245 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 7 JUNE 2024 
 
 
STEDIN HOLDING N.V. 
(incorporated as a public company with limited liability in The Netherlands with its statutory seat in Rotterdam, 
The Netherlands) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by The Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting 
Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the "AFM"), which is the competent authority in The Netherlands for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") and relevant implementing measures in The Netherlands, as a base prospectus 
issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and relevant implementing measures in The Netherlands for the purpose of 
giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") by Stedin Holding N.V. (the "Issuer") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the 
date hereof. The Notes will have a minimum maturity of one year and a maximum maturity of forty years. The aggregate nominal 
amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed Euro 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
calculated as described in this Base Prospectus).  
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval 
and its validity will expire on 7 June 2025. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for Notes to be issued under the Programme up to the expiry of 12 months 
from the Publication Date (as defined below) to be admitted to listing and trading on Euronext in Amsterdam ("Euronext"), the 
regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. Euronext is a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer.  
No Notes may be issued under the Programme with a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency).  
Amounts payable on Notes with a floating rate of interest may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR, The European Money Markets Institute, is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") and the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
("FCA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"). The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable 
law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Base Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended, the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") respectively, will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below.

--- Page 2 ---
10280460160-v10 
- ii- 
55-41071245 
 
 
 
Arranger 
 
 
Rabobank 
 
 
 
 
Dealers  
ABN AMRO 
BNP PARIBAS 
ING 
NatWest Markets  
Rabobank  
SEB

--- Page 3 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 3- 
55-41071245 
 
CONTENTS  
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 4 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 8 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ........................................................................................................................... 20 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 24 
FINAL TERMS .......................................................................................................................................... 25 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 26 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 31 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 60 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 74 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 76 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 85 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 88 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 92 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 96 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................... 100

--- Page 4 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 4- 
55-41071245 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description of the key features of the Programme must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base 
Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated by reference. The following does not 
purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, 
in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Issuer: 
Stedin Holding N.V. 
 
Stedin Holding N.V. (the "Issuer") was established as a public 
limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) for an 
unlimited term under the laws of The Netherlands on 5 June 
2000. It has its registered seat in Rotterdam, The Netherlands, 
and its principal place of business at Blaak 8, 3011 TA 
Rotterdam, The Netherlands. The Issuer is registered in the 
Trade Register at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under 
number 24306393. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
724500R5IP6TFKTNRU48 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of 
the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed 
under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
NatWest Markets N.V.  
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ) 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the 
official list and to trading on Euronext. 
 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that 
they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges 
and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System 
("Euroclear") 
and/or 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or, in relation to any

--- Page 5 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 5- 
55-41071245 
 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Initial Programme Amount (size): 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency calculated as described in this Base Prospectus) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one 
or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of 
each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the 
issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of 
Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global 
Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "CGN"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in new global note form (an 
"NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. 
 
If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in 
a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest 
in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have 
Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further 
Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
 
Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such compliance, 
be made in and any currency other than the currency in which 
such Notes are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. Such Notes 
will constitute unsubordinated and, subject to the Negative

--- Page 6 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 6- 
55-41071245 
 
Pledge, unsecured obligations of the Issuer which (a) rank pari 
passu amongst themselves, and (b) will at all times rank at least 
pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as 
may be preferred by provisions of law. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have a minimum maturity of one year and a 
maximum maturity of forty years, subject, in relation to specific 
currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or at the 
option of the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as described in Condition 9(c) (A) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(c) (B) 
(Issuer Refinancing Call), Condition 9(c) (C) (Make-whole 
Redemption by the Issuer), Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders) and Condition 9(h) (Clean-up Call 
Option). 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes then 
outstanding at any time prior to their stated maturity, at their 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described 
in Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest 
(if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the 
method of calculating interest may vary between the issue date 
and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a 
minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be 
issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described 
in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of The Netherlands, unless the withholding 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject as 
provided in Condition 11 (Taxation)) pay such additional

--- Page 7 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 7- 
55-41071245 
 
amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes 
had no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection therewith will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of The Netherlands. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit rating 
agency (1) established in the EEA or in the United Kingdom 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended, the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") respectively, or (2) not established in the EEA or 
the United Kingdom but will be endorsed by a credit rating 
agency which is established in the EEA or the United Kingdom 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, or (3) not established in the EEA or in the United 
Kingdom but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material 
in the United States of America, the European Economic Area 
(including a prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors), the 
United Kingdom, The Netherlands and Japan, see "Subscription 
and Sale" below.

--- Page 8 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 8- 
55-41071245 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Notes involves certain risks including those described below. Prospective investors should 
carefully consider the matters and information set forth below regarding the factors that may affect the 
ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. In addition, factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described 
below. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. If any of the following risks 
actually occurs, the trading price of the Notes could decline and an investor could lose all or part of its 
investment. Additional risks not currently known to the Issuer or risks that the Issuer presently deems 
immaterial may subsequently harm the Issuer and affect an investor's investment. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which 
the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a number 
of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. 
While the risk factors below have been divided into categories and have been placed, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, in the most appropriate category, some risk factors could belong in more than one category and 
prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section.  
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
1. (Re)financing risk  
The Issuer finances itself by use of financial markets. Therefore, the Issuer is sensitive to general financial 
market conditions and more specifically the Issuer is facing a substantial increase in financing needs in the 
future years mainly due to the energy transition in The Netherlands. The Issuer seeks external financing, 
either in the form of public or private financing or other arrangements, which may not be available on 
attractive terms or may not be available at all. As a consequence, the Issuer might not be able to invest as 
scheduled. Any limitations on the Issuer’s ability to invest as scheduled, could affect the Issuer’s cash flows, 
and affect its ability to execute its strategic plans, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and profitability. Furthermore, adverse market circumstance could imply that 
financing is only available at unfavourable terms which could have a negative effect on the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and profitability. This is further exacerbated by the fact that most companies 
in the energy transmission sector have increased financing needs due to energy transition which increases 
general demand for funding in the sector.  
 
2. Interest rate risk 
The Issuer is allowed under its current policy to partly finance itself with floating rate debt. As the reference 
interest rate on this debt can fluctuate, the Issuer is exposed to interest rate risk. In addition, interest rates 
on future debt issuances as a result of the Issuer’s large financing needs are yet uncertain. Increasing interest 
rates will result in higher interest costs and may negatively affect the profitability of the Issuer. Interest is 
compensated by the regulated weighted average costs of capital ("WACC"), as the WACC includes a cost 
of capital component, being the expected cost of capital for a company with an "A" rating. As such, an 
interest compensation is part of the regulated permitted costs which are based on regulatory decisions made 
by the Dutch Authority of Consumers & Markets (Autoriteit Consument & Markt, the "ACM"), such as the 
Regulation Method Decision (Methodebesluit). Short term rates are not part of the regulatory model and 
are therefore not included in the WACC calculation for the Issuer's maximum permitted tariffs. Higher

--- Page 9 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 9- 
55-41071245 
 
short term interest rates could directly have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and 
profitability. 
3. Commodity price risk 
Due to the type of business in general, the Issuer is exposed to changes in market prices of commodities 
(e.g. energy) and the financial position and (operating) cash flow of the Issuer may be adversely affected 
by such changes. Commodity price risk relates mainly to the procurement of electricity and gas due to the 
fact that the grid operators have to replace electricity and gas that is lost during the distribution (technical 
loss, measurement failures and fraud). The annual average grid losses of the Issuer are estimated at 
approximately 900 GWh. The typical characteristics of commodity markets - in particular illiquidity, from 
time to time - may cause considerable changes in commodity prices and therefore may influence the cash 
flows and financial position of the Issuer.  
4. Counterparty risk  
Counterparty risk is the risk that a counterparty cannot or will not meet its delivery or payment obligations. 
The Issuer primarily encounters this risk in interest rate swaps which it has executed to hedge interest rate 
risk on current and future issuances. If such counterparty risk materialises, this may negatively influence 
the net profit, cash flows and the financial position of the Issuer.  
 
5. Risks related to invoice collection  
The energy suppliers in The Netherlands invoice and collect the grid costs from customers and each grid 
operator receives its grid costs from the supplier, based on an agreed verification process. The Issuer will 
be dependent on the revenue collection processes of energy suppliers and thus has exposure to credit risks 
on both customers (indirectly) and energy suppliers (directly). As a result, customers or suppliers may pay 
invoices later or not at all which may have a materially adverse impact on the Issuer's financial performance 
and position in the future. The additional costs made by distribution system operators in The Netherlands 
is, in part, reflected in higher tariffs charge to customers. This could impede with customers willingness 
and capacity to pay these tariffs.  
 
6. Credit Rating Risk  
The Issuer's current long-term Issuer credit rating of "A- with a stable outlook" has been issued by credit 
rating agency S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). There is a risk of a negative adjustment of the 
credit rating of the Issuer resulting from changes implemented by S&P with respect to rating criteria, rating 
method or assumptions, or as a consequence of circumstances adversely affecting the Issuer's performance 
and/or solvability. A negative adjustment to the Issuer's credit rating could affect the Issuer's access to 
capital and money markets, financing costs and the terms and conditions imposed by parties in the business 
sector, which in turn may have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s revenues, profits, cash flows and financial 
position.  
 
The Issuer has a public rating by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") since 2001. In S&P's report 
of 8 February 2024, the "A- with a stable outlook" long-term issuer credit ratings ("ICR") of each of the 
Issuer and Stedin Netbeheer B.V. ("Stedin Netbeheer") have been affirmed. The stable outlook reflects 
S&P's view that the Issuer will be able to maintain a ratio of funds from operations to debt of well above 
9% over the medium term.  
As per December 2023 the Dutch state became a 11.9% owner in the Issuer after injecting EUR 500 million 
common equity, which confirms S&P's view of moderately likely extraordinary support from the 
government. S&P already classified Stedin as so-called "Government Related Entity", which results in a 1 
notch uplift on the Stand-Alone Credit Profile (SACP) which is also reflected in the current ICR. 
The Issuer has a long-term credit rating target of an A- (minus) rating profile which provides a buffer in 
relation to the minimum statutory required creditworthiness of an 'investment grade rating (BBB/Baa2)' for 
the Issuer, as stated in the Financial Management of Grid Managers Decree (Besluit Financieel Beheer 
Netbeheerders). 
 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry

--- Page 10 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 10- 
55-41071245 
 
7. Risk related to energy transition on electricity and gas infrastructure 
Climate policy in The Netherlands is aimed at transforming the current energy system, mainly based on 
fossil fuels, into a low-carbon energy system based on renewable energy sources and low-carbon energy 
technology. The Climate Agreement (2019) provides a roadmap for this transformation. The focus is on a 
substantial growth in the share of sustainable electricity, a substantial growth in the number of electric cars, 
a substantial reduction in greenhouse gas emissions in industry and a more sustainable building 
environment. This transition has a major impact on Stedin Group's gas and electricity distribution networks. 
This involves a number of risks. 
Firstly, Stedin Group's profitability could be affected due to uncertainty over future use of its gas network. 
This could result in early depreciation of parts of its gas grid and/or obsolete assets. Alternatively, Stedin 
Group's current gras grid is expected to play a significant role in the transmission of renewable gases. Stedin 
Group's forecasts do not yet make allowance for significant investment to make its grid ready for a specific 
renewable gas. Consequently, it is possible that investments in the gas grid are underestimated in Stedin 
Group's current forecasts. 
Secondly, customer requests and required deeper network investments can increase too much, which makes 
it difficult for the Issuer to connect new customers on time and to have sufficient transport capacity available 
on time. This can result in additional costs, for example costs made for congestion management and, 
ultimately lead to social dissatisfaction and, as a result, to claims and/or stricter regulation of network 
operators.  
8. Risk related to business continuity  
The continuity of the service provided by the Issuer could be threatened by situations such as (a) large-scale 
interruptions in IT systems which could be caused by a cyberattack (b) the unavailability of key people in 
the organisation or (c) the access to relevant sites to manage the networks and provide services. Such 
situations may affect the customers in the form of an interruption in the supply of energy, untimely invoices 
or a lower level of service and may affect Stedin Group with additional cost and delays in the incoming 
cash flows. Furthermore, as a result of its strategic location and its social and economic importance, the 
Stedin Group infrastructure is a potential target for cyberattacks. 
9. IT landscape insufficiently prepared for the future  
As a result of growing digitalisation of its operations, Stedin Group is increasingly dependent on the 
robustness, operability and security of its information technology systems. This dependence results in a 
growing complexity of data governance and handling. The availability, integrity and confidentiality of such 
information systems is fundamental for day-to-day business operations. Due to their complexity and scale 
there is a risk that large information technology projects will not be ready in time, are not executed within 
the approved budget or will not deliver the expected financial benefits and operational performance. This 
might lead to suboptimal grid management, inefficient investments according to the benchmark which 
comprises of the other grid operators in The Netherlands and set by the Dutch regulator to enforce 
efficiency. This might have an adverse impact on regulatory compensation and the financial position of the 
Issuer. 
10. Risk related to accidents and infrastructure defects  
The Issuer's highest priority with respect to the electricity grids is preventing interruptions in supply through 
measures such as station automation for grid control, replacement of fault-sensitive components and 
preventing damage resulting from excavation. In addition, the Issuer endeavours to replace components 
that will no longer be available in the near future and it is taking steps to enhance the reliability of its 
electricity networks. 
With respect to the gas networks, maintenance has the highest priority of the Issuer in order to prevent gas 
leaks and maintain the supply of gas. This maintenance focuses primarily on the replacement of connections 
that are in substandard condition and the replacement of distribution pipelines that are reaching the end of 
their expected useful lifespan. The replacement of pipelines prevents gas leaks and more costly repairs. To 
prevent inconvenience and to reduce total costs, activities are carried out simultaneously with work on other 
infrastructure (roads, railways, sewers), where possible. The complexity of the network and the large 
number of factors that can harm the infrastructure add to this risk. Interruption may result in additional

--- Page 11 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 11- 
55-41071245 
 
costs (e.g. repair, reconstruction, and claimed damage) and therefore may negatively influence the net 
profit, cash flows and the financial position of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Issuer's primary activities, the management of regional electricity and gas grids, have an 
inherent risk to the health and safety of employees, customers or bystanders as a result of accidents or asset 
failures. Incorrect application of safety instructions and /or insufficient safety awareness can result in 
accidents. Failure of assets and materials in the Issuer's grids can also result in health and safety risks. Any 
of such accidents and/or failures can have negative reputational effects and may result in claims and 
therefore may negatively influence the net profit, cash flows and the financial position of the Issuer. 
11. Risks related to availability of employees with the required technical competencies, materials and sites 
Due to the energy transition and economic growth, the Issuer faces increased capex programs for electricity 
grid expansions, connections and maintenance of existing grids. As a result, space, people and materials 
are not always immediately available to a sufficient extent. The realisation of new infrastructure and 
expansion of the current infrastructure requires space. However, the amount of land and space available is 
scarce and it is difficult to obtain planning permission in time. Planning permission procedures for spatial 
integration of such infrastructure require (much) more time than the project completion. There is the risk at 
Stedin Group that scarcity of space or time required to obtain the required planning permissions results in 
incapacity to make the required grid investments to meet customer demand. The increase in capex also 
implies there is a greater need for fitters, site managers, engineers and project leaders. At the same time 
there is a decrease in technically trained personnel entering the labour market and at Stedin Group an 
increase in technical staff nearing their retirement. As the future volume of work will increase, a large 
replacement and increase of employees still remains an issue. Due to the specific expertise required for 
most positions, new technical employees need to be trained over a period of up to two years. There is the 
risk that Stedin Group no longer has sufficient staff with the required technical competencies to facilitate 
the energy transition. The energy transition also resulted in a surge in demand for raw materials, such as 
cobalt, copper and aluminium, which has led to greater risks of supply problems and price increases. This 
implies required materials might not be available in time or only be procured at higher prices. All the 
elements mentioned above can impact the grid performance, customer satisfaction, financial flexibility 
and/or cash flows and ability to execute its strategic plans. 
Legal and regulatory risk 
12. Impact of the Dutch regulatory framework and related risks 
The Issuer is the holding company which owns directly 100 per cent of the shares in Stedin Netbeheer 
which is a regulated Dutch grid company (the "Grid Company"). The Grid Company accounts for well 
over 95 per cent. of the consolidated revenue, annual profit and total assets of the Issuer as at 31 December 
2023. 
The regulated activities of Stedin Group depend on governmental licenses, authorisations, exemptions 
and/or dispensations in order to operate its business. These governmental licenses, authorisations, 
exemptions and/or dispensations may be subject to withdrawal, amendment and/or additional conditions 
being imposed on the regulated activities of Stedin Group which could affect the revenues, profits and 
financial position of the Issuer. 
As a consequence of the strong dependence on governmental regulations and European legislation, the 
Issuer’s revenues, profits, cash flows and financial position may be affected by changes to the regulatory 
environment.  
The ACM supervises the correct implementation of the Electricity Act 1998 (Elektriciteitswet 1998) and 
the Gas Act (Gaswet). The ACM ensures the effective and efficient functioning of the energy market and 
the protection of customer interests through the implementation of various regulatory instruments. This 
includes safeguarding access to networks, maintaining sufficient transparency (access to essential 
information) and protecting consumers against potential malpractices. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Ministry of Economic Affairs is working on a new energy act, 
which should consolidate the existing Electricity Act 1998 and Gas Act, adjust the Dutch legislation to 
relevant European legislation and insert flexibility to comply with requirements for the Dutch renewable 
energy transition. The new legislation is currently pending before parliament and is deemed unlikely to

--- Page 12 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 12- 
55-41071245 
 
come into force before 2025. This new legislation and other potential future changes in legal and regulatory 
requirements may have a negative impact on the Issuer's financial position and cash flows. 
The ACM monitors the capability of the Grid Company to meet the financial requirements for managing 
the electricity and gas grid, including required and planned investments. The Grid Company submits its 
statutory and regulatory financial statements to the ACM annually, including results, assets and 
infrastructure related activities (maintenance and investments). Furthermore end-user tariffs for the 
distribution of electricity and gas (which generates the revenues for the Grid Company) are controlled by 
the ACM and depend on a series of consecutive regulatory decisions, in particular the Regulation Method 
Decision, the Efficiency Discount Decision (x-factor), Quality Factor Decision (q-factor) and the 
Accounting Volume Decision, which are applicable to a certain price control period (the "Method 
Decisions"), and finally the annual tariff decisions.  
The Grid Company is through the regulation method subjected to a yard stick competition. The Grid 
Company is allowed to charge the ex-ante expected average sector cost pro-rata through regulated tariffs 
to its customers. As a result of this the Issuer has limited control over the revenues from its regulated 
activities. One type of cost however is not completely subjected to the yard stick competition: the cost of 
buying transport volumes from other grid companies. The regulator estimates these costs as part of the 
yardstick beforehand, but without the cost from the TSO TenneT for its balancing task, and reimburses or 
deducts any differences compared to the actually incurred costs and the estimated cost including the cost 
from the TSO for its balancing task. The actual costs of transport will fluctuate over time and can therefore 
have a negative impact on the Issuer's financial position and cash flows.  
The Method Decisions for the current regulation period (2022 – 2026), published by the ACM in September 
2021, apply for the longest legally possible period of 5 years. By opting for this long term, the ACM aims 
to stimulate Dutch grid operators to operate efficiently and also to offer customers as much tariff stability 
as possible. The Method Decisions have been challenged in court and in 2023 the court has forced the ACM 
to amend the Method Decisions in favour of the Grid Company. 
The level of permitted revenues of the Grid Company includes a component based on the WACC. The 
variables used to calculate the WACC consist of estimates for the cost of equity, the cost of debt, the relative 
percentages of debt and equity in the capital structure of a nominally financed, theoretical Grid Company, 
the corporate tax rate and the consumer price index. As is the case for almost all other cost factors, the 
ACM bases the WACC on data which precede the regulation period for which the WACC is determined. 
Thus, the WACC may incorrectly reflect the costs of capital which the Grid Company will effectively incur 
during the relevant regulation period. Furthermore, the ACM may re-calculate the risk free rate component 
of the WACC retrospectively and include deviations from the expected risk free rate in the following years’ 
tariffs. More generally the Grid Company is subject to regulatory decision taken by the AFM which could 
be based on incorrect assumptions or defective research.  
In addition, the actual capitalisation of the Grid Company may differ from the debt/equity ratio assumed in 
the Method Decisions, which would also have an impact on the profitability of the Grid Company. Finally, 
the actual corporate tax rate may deviate from the corporate tax rate assumed in the Method Decisions, 
which would have an impact on the profitability of the Grid Company.  
In November 2022, the Council of State ruled that the, up until then applied, nitrogen construction 
exemption does not comply with European nature protection law and therefore could no longer be used for 
construction projects. This also affects constructions efforts by the Issuer and may result in delays in the 
expansion and upgrading of the Issuer's grid.  
Risk relating to the Notes 
Risks related to the nature of a particular Series of the Notes 
1. The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of The Netherlands or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 13 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 13- 
55-41071245 
 
In addition, the Conditions provide that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other 
circumstances and accordingly the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest 
rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate at the same level as that of the Notes. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
2. Notes issued, if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green assets and any failure to meet the portfolio mandates of environmentally focused 
investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value of and/or trading price of the Green 
Bonds  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer’s 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for Eligible Green Projects in 
accordance with the Stedin Group Green Finance Framework (each as defined in the section entitled “Use 
of Proceeds” below). Prospective investors should determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such “Green Bonds” together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers 
that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects, and in the event that any Notes are listed or 
admitted to trading on any dedicated green, environmental, social, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated) that such listing or admission, 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. Also, 
no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any such listing will be obtained in 
respect of any Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during 
the life of the Notes. Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” 
or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such 
a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or 
all investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-
labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework 
to facilitate sustainable investment, the so called "EU Taxonomy") or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, 
or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. The Issuer may amend the Stedin Group Green Finance 
Framework at its own discretion, and without taking into account specific interest of Noteholders, also after 
the issuance of Green Bonds, inter alia, to align the framework with incoming green bond regulation and 
guidelines, without consent, approval or prior notification to Noteholders. 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds under the Programme, one or more sustainability rating 
agencies or sustainability consulting firms may be requested to issue a second-party opinion confirming 
that the Eligible Green Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility 
for green projects set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles 
and the Loan Market Association (LMA) Green Loan Principles and/or a second-party opinion regarding 
the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental and sustainability 
projects (any such second-party opinion, a “Second-party Opinion”). A Second-party Opinion is not, nor 
shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. A Second-party Opinion 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or 
refinanced toward an amount corresponding to the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Notes in the form 
of “Green Bonds”. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such Second-party 
Opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. In addition, although the Issuer may 
agree at the time of issue of any Green Bonds to certain reporting and use of proceeds it would not be an

--- Page 14 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 14- 
55-41071245 
 
event of default under the Notes if the Issuer were to fail to comply with such commitments. Notes issued, 
if any, as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second-party Opinion 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such Second-party Opinion for the purpose 
of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of a Second-party Opinion are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. The matters described in this paragraph equally apply to 
any other “Green Bond” verifications, certifications, scorings or ratings from time to time issued by any 
person in relation to any Notes issued as “Green Bonds”. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Green 
Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that 
the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will be capable of 
being implemented in or substantially in such manner and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such Eligible Green Project. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer shall be responsible 
for monitoring the use of proceeds of any Notes.  
Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Neither any such event or failure by the Issuer nor the withdrawal of 
the Second-party Opinion will constitute an event of default under the Notes.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Green 
Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
3. The Notes may have features, which contain particular risks for potential investors  
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features, 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of 
such features: 
4. Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
5. Noteholders will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating 
Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a 
definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the terms and 
conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to issue Fixed 
Rate Notes may affect the market value and secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice 
versa). 
6. Zero coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted Notes 
Changes in market interest rates generally have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of zero coupon 
Notes than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. 
If market interest rates increase, zero coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other notes having 
the same maturity and credit rating.

--- Page 15 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 15- 
55-41071245 
 
7. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the 
rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
its Notes. 
8. Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
9. Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are no authorised or registered (or, if 
not EU-based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed. The UK Benchmarks Regulation among 
other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including 
EURIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or 
in part) upon a benchmark.

--- Page 16 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 16- 
55-41071245 
 
The elimination of other benchmarks, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could 
require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further 
described in Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of 
any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to 
EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, 
the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, becomes 
unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate 
or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, 
although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes 
may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if 
the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Advisor (as defined in the Conditions) (including the possibility that a license or registration may be 
required for such agent or any administrator under the applicable legislation), the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
The application of the fallback provisions contained in Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) may 
lead to a conflict of interests of the Issuer, the Independent Advisor and Noteholders including with respect 
to certain determinations and judgments that the Independent Advisor may make pursuant to Condition 7(j) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) that may influence the amount receivable under the Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making 
any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
10. Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Risks related to all Series of the Notes 
11. Modification and waivers 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders in physical or virtual form to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all

--- Page 17 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 17- 
55-41071245 
 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to correct a 
manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, if it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct 
a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Any such modification may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders. 
12. Potential Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer and its affiliates may engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) related to any 
Notes and any other instruments or derivative products for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts 
under their management. The Issuer and its affiliates may also issue other derivative instruments in respect 
of or related to any Notes. The Issuer and its affiliates may carry out activities that minimise its and/or their 
risks related to the Notes, including effecting transactions for their own account or for the account of their 
customers. 
Risks related to the holding of the Notes 
13. Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
The Notes which are in NGN form (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), will be held by a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Notes which are not in NGN form (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will initially be held by a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or in either case by or on behalf of any other agreed clearing system, and in each 
case in the form of a Global Note which will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes only in the limited 
circumstances as more fully described in the relevant Global Note and in "Summary of provisions relating 
to the Notes whilst in global form" below. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common 
safekeeper or common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their 
account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Accordingly, investors will be exposed to the credit risk of, and default risk in respect of, the relevant 
common safekeeper, common depositary and clearing systems. 
14. Notes in NGN form 
Notes may be issued in NGN form, and with the intention that they be deposited as eligible collateral in 
respect of monetary policy of the central banking system for the Euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem with one of the international central securities depositories and/or 
central securities depositories that fulfil the minimum standard as common safekeeper required for such 
institutions by the European Central Bank. This form of Notes and intention do not, however, necessarily 
mean that each Note in NGN form will be recognised as such eligible collateral, either upon issuance or at 
any or all times during their existence. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of all Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria at the relevant time and there can be no assurance that such Notes will be so recognised. 
Notes which do not qualify as eligible collateral for Eurosystem purposes may be of less value to investors 
than those which do. 
15. Minimum Denomination 
The Notes have a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000. The Conditions provide that, for so long as the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other relevant 
clearing system) so permit, the Notes will be tradable in nominal amounts (a) equal to, or integral multiples 
of, the minimum denomination, and (b) the minimum denomination plus integral multiples of an amount 
lower than the minimum denomination.

--- Page 18 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 18- 
55-41071245 
 
Definitive Notes will only be issued if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other relevant clearing 
system) is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. If Definitive Notes are issued, such Notes will be issued in respect 
of all holdings of Notes equal to or greater than the minimum denomination. However, Noteholders should 
be aware that Definitive Notes that have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum 
denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. Definitive Notes will in no circumstances be issued to 
any person holding Notes in an amount lower than the minimum denomination. Any remaining principal 
amount of such Notes will be cancelled and holders will have no rights against the Issuer (including rights 
to receive principal or interest or to vote) in respect of such Notes. 
16. Settlement Risk 
Settlement of the Notes is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force at the relevant 
time and neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect 
the transactions contemplated as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. Neither the Issuer nor 
any Paying Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of any clearing system in 
relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the Notes. 
17. The return on an investment in Notes will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor's total return on an investment in any Notes will be affected by the level of fees charged by the 
nominee service provider and/or relevant clearing systems used by the investor. Such a person or institution 
may charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of Notes, custody 
services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts. Potential investors are therefore advised 
to investigate the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the relevant Notes. 
Risks related to the admission of the Notes to trading on a regulated market 
18. There is no active trading market for the Notes 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active 
trading market. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application has been made for the Notes to 
be admitted to listing on Euronext, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted or that an 
active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of 
any trading market for the Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
19. Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the 
registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country non-EEA rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and 
ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 19- 
55-41071245 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purpose of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.

--- Page 20 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 20- 
55-41071245 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Stedin Holding N.V. (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms and declares that, to the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as amended and/or supplemented by a document specific to 
such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms"). Any such supplement, amendment, replacement 
and/or completion will only be made in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation unless such supplement, 
amendment, replacement and/or completion of the Final Terms is done in relation to an issue of Notes under 
the Programme which Notes are not listed on a regulated market in a Member State (as defined below) and 
which falls outside the scope of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and 
with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be 
read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material 
respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
It should be noted that: (a) this Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation, (b) the AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation, and (c) such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus 
nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The information on the websites to which a hyperlink has been included in this Base Prospectus (other than 
the hyperlinks contained in the section 'Information incorporated by reference') does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility or liability 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in 
any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any 
adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if 
later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that

--- Page 21 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 21- 
55-41071245 
 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restriction on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S").  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before 
exit day to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / target market  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II product governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "EU 
distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 22 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 22- 
55-41071245 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 23 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 23- 
55-41071245 
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The purchase of certain Notes may be suitable only for investors who have the knowledge and experience 
in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of an 
investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should make such inquiries as they deem necessary without 
relying on the Issuer or any Dealer and before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, 
prospective investors should consult their own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other 
financial, legal and tax advisors and carefully review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and 
consider such an investment decision in the light of the prospective investor's personal circumstances.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to the "EEA" are references to the European 
Economic Area, references to the "UK" are reference to the United Kingdom, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. 
dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "€", "EUR" or "euro" are to the single 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to 
the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 24 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 24- 
55-41071245 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents published or issued on or prior to the date hereof have been filed with the AFM 
and are incorporated into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
(1) 
English translation of the most recent Articles of Association (statuten) of the 
Issuer and which can be obtained from: 
https://www.stedingroep.nl/-/media/project/groep/files/articles-of-association-
stedin-holding-nv.pdf; 
(2) 
the audited consolidated and company financial statements (including the notes 
thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023, the auditor's 
report thereon and certain other information (set out on pages 144 up to and 
including 227 of the 31 December 2023 annual report of the Issuer in both the 
original Dutch version and the translated English version) and which can be 
obtained from:  
https://www.stedingroep.nl/-/media/project/groep/files/stedin_group_annual
_report_2023.pdf; and 
https://www.stedingroep.nl/-/media/project/groep/files/stedin-groep-jaarverslag-
2023.pdf;  
(3) 
the audited consolidated and company financial statements (including the notes 
thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022, the auditor's 
report thereon and certain other information (set out on pages 144 up to and 
including 225 of the 31 December 2022 annual report of the Issuer in both the 
original Dutch version and the translated English version) and which can be 
obtained from: 
https://www.stedingroep.nl/-/media/project/groep/files/stedin_groep_annual_rep
ort_2022.pdf; and  
https://www.stedingroep.nl/-/media/project/groep/files/stedin-groep-jaarverslag-
2022---energiek-doorpakken-final.pdf,  
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer, and will be published in 
electronic form on at https://www.stedingroep.nl/investor-relations. The consolidated and company 
financial statements of the Issuer are published in Dutch and English language versions. In case of any 
discrepancy between both language versions, the Dutch version prevails. 
Information on the aforementioned website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and may not be 
relied upon in connection with any decision to invest in the Notes. The other information included on or 
linked to through this website or in any website referred to in this Base Prospectus or in any document 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in case of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in the Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 25- 
55-41071245 
 
FINAL TERMS 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In 
relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included 
in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which 
is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an 
individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.  
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, supplement this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or 
not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA or in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended, the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
respectively, will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may 
over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 26 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 26- 
55-41071245 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), 
without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global 
Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be 
issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system (each a "Relevant Clearing 
System") and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the Euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D 
Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than one year, 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or

--- Page 27 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 27- 
55-41071245 
 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then at 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Amsterdam time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) (the "Relevant Time") each Relevant Account 
Holder shall directly acquire, without the need for any further action on behalf of any person, against the 
Issuer all those rights ("Direct Rights") which such Relevant Account Holder would have had if, 
immediately before the Relevant Time, it held and owned duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes 
and (if applicable) Coupons, Coupon sheets and/or Talons in respect of each Note represented by such 
Temporary Global Note which such Relevant Account Holder has credited to its securities account with the 
Relevant Clearing System at the Relevant Time including, without limitation, the right to receive all 
payments due at any time in respect of such Definitive Notes other than any corresponding payments 
already made under such Temporary Global Note, and the bearer of such Temporary Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder. 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (each a "Definitive Note"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and Relevant Accountholders obtained Direct Rights as defined in 
such Temporary Global Note in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then at 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on such thirtieth day (in the case (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam 
time) on the date such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Amsterdam time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) (the "Relevant Time") each Relevant Account 
Holder shall directly acquire, without the need for any further action on behalf of any person, against the 
Issuer all those rights ("Direct Rights") which such Relevant Account Holder would have had if,

--- Page 28 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 28- 
55-41071245 
 
immediately before the Relevant Time, it held and owned duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes 
and (if applicable) Coupons, Coupon sheets and/or Talons in respect of each Note represented by such 
Permanent Global Note which such Relevant Account Holder has credited to its securities account with the 
Relevant Clearing System at the Relevant Time including, without limitation, the right to receive all 
payments due at any time in respect of such Definitive Notes other than any corresponding payments 
already made under such Permanent Global Note, and the bearer of such Permanent Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then at 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Amsterdam time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) (the "Relevant Time") each Relevant Account 
Holder shall directly acquire, without the need for any further action on behalf of any person, against the 
Issuer all those rights ("Direct Rights") which such Relevant Account Holder would have had if, 
immediately before the Relevant Time, it held and owned duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes 
and (if applicable) Coupons, Coupon sheets and/or Talons in respect of each Note represented by such 
Temporary Global Note which such Relevant Account Holder has credited to its securities account with the 
Relevant Clearing System at the Relevant Time including, without limitation, the right to receive all 
payments due at any time in respect of such Definitive Notes other than any corresponding payments 
already made under such Temporary Global Note, and the bearer of such Temporary Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 29 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 29- 
55-41071245 
 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then at 5.00 p.m. (Amsterdam time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Amsterdam time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) (the "Relevant Time") each Relevant Account 
Holder shall directly acquire, without the need for any further action on behalf of any person, against the 
Issuer all those rights ("Direct Rights") which such Relevant Account Holder would have had if, 
immediately before the Relevant Time, it held and owned duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes 
and (if applicable) Coupons, Coupon sheets and/or Talons in respect of each Note represented by such 
Permanent Global Note which such Relevant Account Holder has credited to its securities account with the 
Relevant Clearing System at the Relevant Time including, without limitation, the right to receive all 
payments due at any time in respect of such Definitive Notes other than any corresponding payments 
already made under such Permanent Global Note, and the bearer of such Permanent Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder. 
For the purposes of this section "Form of the Notes", "Relevant Account Holder" means any account 
holder with a Relevant Clearing Systems which at the Relevant Time has credited to its securities account 
with such Relevant Clearing System Notes represented by a Global Note or any relevant part of it. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than one year, the Permanent Global Note, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect:

--- Page 30 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 30- 
55-41071245 
 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code."

--- Page 31 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 31- 
55-41071245 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as supplemented, amended, replaced and/or 
completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the 
Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Stedin Holding N.V. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 5,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which supplements these terms 
and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as supplemented by the relevant Final Terms. In 
the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an agency agreement dated 7 June 2024 
(the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, ABN AMRO Bank N.V. as principal 
paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression includes any successor 
principal paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the 
paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying 
Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are 
available for viewing at the Issuer's head office, Blaak 8, 3011 TA Rotterdam, The 
Netherlands 
and 
will 
be 
published 
in 
electronic 
form 
on 
https://www.stedingroep.nl/investor-relations. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
"Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the 
Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business 
hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices 
of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, 
including, if specified in the Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement published 
by ISDA, each as amended and updated; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor 
thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" means the accrual yield specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 32 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 32- 
55-41071245 
 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
Amsterdam, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention" in relation to any particular date, means the business day 
convention specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, 
the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to 
the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 33 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 33- 
55-41071245 
 
"Control" means the power to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether 
through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
x
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
x
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 34 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 34- 
55-41071245 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D2 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
x
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
x
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(v) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
x
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
x
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of

--- Page 35 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 35- 
55-41071245 
 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to 
but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EBITDA" means in respect of an individual member of the Group, the net pre-taxation 
profits of that member of the Group, for a period of 12 months preceding the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Group, adjusted by: 
(i) 
adding back net interest payable in respect of the period of 12 months preceding 
the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Group only; 
(ii) 
taking no account of any exceptional or extraordinary items; 
(iii) 
(to the extent included) excluding any amount attributable to minority interests 
and any net pre-taxation profits of a Project Company in carrying on a Project; 
(iv) 
adding back depreciation and amortisation; 
(v) 
including the net pre-taxation profits (adding back the items referred to in 
subparagraphs (i) and (iv) above) of a member of the Group or business or assets 
acquired during that period of 12 months preceding the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Group; 
(vi) 
excluding the net pre-taxation profit (adding back the items referred to in 
subparagraphs (i) and (iv) above) or loss attributable to or of any member of the 
Group or to or of any business or assets sold during that period of 12 months 
preceding the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Group; and 
(vii) 
taking no account of any revaluation of an asset or any loss or gain over book 
value arising on the disposal of an asset (otherwise than in the ordinary course of 
trading) by a member of the Group during that period of 12 months preceding the 
then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Group; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute based on 
estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities 
which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks 
(details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Euronext" means Euronext, the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the 
Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the persons voting on 
the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, by a majority 
consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on the poll or (b) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders, which resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in similar form each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of the Noteholders;

--- Page 36 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 36- 
55-41071245 
 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the first interest payment date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the coupon amount specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the applicable interest determination date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(each as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
"Issue Date" means the issue date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" means the margin applicable to the Notes specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Material Company" means any of the Issuer and a Material Subsidiary; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer if the gross assets, 
turnover or EBITDA of that Subsidiary (on a consolidated basis) then equal or exceed 5 
per cent. of the gross assets, turnover or EBITDA of the Group (on a consolidated basis). 
For this purpose: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below: 
(i) 
the contribution of a Subsidiary of the Issuer will be determined from its 
financial statements which were consolidated into the latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; and

--- Page 37 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 37- 
55-41071245 
 
(ii) 
the financial condition of the Group will be determined from the latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
(b) 
if a subsidiary of the Issuer becomes a member of the Group after the date on 
which the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer were 
prepared: 
(i) 
the contribution of the Subsidiary will be determined from its latest 
financial statements; and 
(ii) 
the financial condition of the Group will be determined from the latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer but adjusted to 
take into account any subsequent acquisition or disposal of a business or 
a company (including that Subsidiary); 
(c) 
if a Material Subsidiary disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to another 
member of the Group, it will immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary and 
the other member of the Group (if it is not the Issuer or already a Material 
Subsidiary) will immediately become a Material Subsidiary; 
(d) 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer (if it is not already a Material Subsidiary) will become 
a Material Subsidiary on completion of any other intra-Group transfer or 
reorganisation if it would have been a Material Subsidiary had the intra-Group 
transfer or reorganisation occurred on the date of the latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer; and 
(e) 
except as specifically mentioned in paragraph (c) above, a member of the Group 
will remain a Material Subsidiary until the next audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer show otherwise under paragraph (a) above. 
If there is a dispute as to whether or not a member of the Group is a Material Subsidiary, 
a certificate of the auditors of the Issuer will be, in the absence of manifest error, 
conclusive. 
"Maturity Date" means the date of maturity of the Notes as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the maximum redemption amount specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" means the minimum redemption amount specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities 
which adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;

--- Page 38 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 38- 
55-41071245 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Permitted Merger" means a statutory merger (juridische fusie) or legal division 
(splitsing) or similar transaction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a transfer of shares 
(overdracht van aandelen) and asset sales and purchases (activa en passiva transacties) 
involving any of the Material Subsidiaries of the Issuer, or between the Issuer and any of 
its Material Subsidiaries, in relation to a reorganisation of the Issuer's Group, where the 
surviving or resulting company assumes all of the rights and obligations of the Issuer with 
respect to the Notes or, in the case of any Material Subsidiary, another Material Subsidiary 
takes over that part of the business which such initial Material Subsidiary ceases to carry 
on; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each 
case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Project" means a project that is similar or complementary to the ordinary business of the 
Group; 
"Project Company" means a limited partnership, cooperative or limited liability company 
which is a member of the Group and which:  
(i) 
is incorporated as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of carrying out a 
Project;  
(ii) 
does not carry on any other business other than that Project; and

--- Page 39 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 39- 
55-41071245 
 
(iii) 
has (and, any third party in connection with the Project has) no recourse to any 
other member of the Group for that Project except (a) as permitted hereunder or 
(b) in relation to any other Project Company; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means the reference banks specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that 
is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" means the reference price specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms or another rate as specified 
in the Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the  
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has 
not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the 
Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount 
having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 40 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 40- 
55-41071245 
 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness which is in the form of or represented 
by any bond, note or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or 
traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, 
any over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated 
by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency 
of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage or pledge, including, without limitation, any 
security right analogous to any of the foregoing which is vested under the laws of any 
jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency of the Notes specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means the denomination of the Notes specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" means the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents as defined in 
the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" means the specified period specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means an entity of which a person has direct or indirect Control or owns 
directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of 
ownership, but in all cases excluding any entity in which a minority interest is held and 
over which entity the holder of such minority interest exercises joint control; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons;

--- Page 41 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 41- 
55-41071245 
 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to 
and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons 
will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of 
any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured (subject to Condition 5) obligations of the 
Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all 
other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not and the Issuer shall procure that none 
of its Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part 
of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness without 
(a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) 
providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in

--- Page 42 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 42- 
55-41071245 
 
accordance with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect 
of the relevant Specified Denomination. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and

--- Page 43 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 43- 
55-41071245 
 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic 
mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
 ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions (provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions 
the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection 
of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the 
relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee) and under which:  
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 44 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 44- 
55-41071245 
 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of 
time next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as 
the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at 
such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation 
with an Independent Advisor appointed by the Issuer (and such 
Independent Advisor to act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner), determines appropriate;  
 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with

--- Page 45 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 45- 
55-41071245 
 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is 
the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
References in the ISDA Definitions to: 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date;  
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(1) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any 
specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating 
Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to 
"Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition 
of 
"Temporary 
Non-Publication 
Fallback 
– 
Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate"; 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have 
the meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified (which 
may not be less than zero) or if no such rate is stated the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed zero. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest

--- Page 46 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 46- 
55-41071245 
 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount 
is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate 
the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference 
Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period 
remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Advisor, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 7(j)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 7(j)(cc)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 7(j)(dd)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Advisor shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 7(j). 
(aa) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Advisor or (ii) the Independent 
Advisor appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 7(j) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate 
following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the 
first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this 
final paragraph of Condition 7(j) shall apply to the immediately following Interest 
Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(j). 
(bb) 
If the Independent Advisor determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 7(j)(cc)) subsequently be used in

--- Page 47 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 47- 
55-41071245 
 
place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the 
immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
7(j)(cc)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(j). 
(cc) 
If the Independent Advisor determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(dd) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 7(j) and the Independent Advisor 
determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following 
consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
7(j)(ee), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense 
of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 7(j)). 
(ee) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(j) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(ff) 
No later than notifying the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, 
(z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific 
terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
(gg) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders.

--- Page 48 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 48- 
55-41071245 
 
(hh) 
As used in this Condition 7(j): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Advisor determines is required to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Independent Advisor, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) the Independent Advisor determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Advisor determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Advisor determines to be 
appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Advisor determines in accordance with Condition 7(j) is customary 
in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
the Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that it has ceased, or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 49 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 49- 
55-41071245 
 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) 
such Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market 
or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially 
changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks Regulations 
(EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(dd). 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial advisor experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense under Condition 7(j). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 50 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 50- 
55-41071245 
 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of The Netherlands 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment 
Date, 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent (A) a certificate signed by 
an authorised signatory of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an 
opinion of independent legal advisors of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to 
in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
(A) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on 
any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
or such other period of notice as is specified in the relevant Final Terms to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to

--- Page 51 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 51- 
55-41071245 
 
redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(B) 
Issuer Refinancing Call: If Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the relevant Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable), at any time, or from time to time, on 
or after the Refinancing Call Commencement Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on such redemption 
date (the "Refinancing Repurchase Date") at their nominal amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Refinancing Repurchase 
Date. 
(C) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer: Unless specified as not being applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the relevant Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of notice referred to in (i) above, 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Quotation Agent and such other 
parties as may be specified in the Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption 
(each such date, a "Make-whole Redemption Date") redeem, in whole, or in 
part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day prior to the Make-whole Redemption 
Date. 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes to the Maturity Date or, if Issuer Refinancing 
Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the Refinancing Call 
Commencement Date specified in the relevant Final Terms (excluding any 
interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date) whereby such remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest shall be discounted to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on 
either an annual, a semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole 
Redemption Margin; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and such other parties as may 
be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 52- 
55-41071245 
 
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the 
third Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central 
European Time ("CET")) ("Reference Dealer Quotation"). 
"Quotation Agent" means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or 
financial services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the 
Make-whole Redemption Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government security 
dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If 
a Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer 
as the Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 9(c) (A) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(c) (B) Issuer 
Refinancing Call), Condition 9(c) (C) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), the Notes 
to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Principal 
Paying Agent approves and in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then 
been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to 
in Condition 9(c) (A) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(c) (B) (Issuer 
Refinancing Call), Condition 9(c)(C) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), shall 
specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption 
Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum 
or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
(i) 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) 
accrued to such date. 
(ii) 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the holder of a 
Note must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a

--- Page 53 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 53- 
55-41071245 
 
Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation 
of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall 
hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder 
against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 
9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be 
the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than 
as provided in paragraphs (a) to (e) above. 
(g) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any 
time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 9(g) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(h) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Issuer is specified in the Final Terms as having a clean-up 
call option, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the "Clean-up Redemption 
Date")), redeem in whole (and not in part) the Notes then outstanding, if, immediately 
prior to the date that such notice is given, 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal 
amount originally issued of the Notes (including any further issues of Notes in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Further Issues)) remain outstanding, provided that those Notes that 
are no longer outstanding have not been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 9(c)(A) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 
9c(B) (Issuer Refinancing Call) or Condition 9(c)(C) (Makewhole Redemption by the 
Issuer). Any such redemption shall be their Early Redemption Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) to the Clean-up Redemption Date. 
(i) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are 
purchased therewith. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and 
may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is

--- Page 54 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 54- 
55-41071245 
 
due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is 
euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by 
the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a 
sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the 
manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying 
Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency 
in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at 
the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation). No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, 
the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons.

--- Page 55 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 55- 
55-41071245 
 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (A) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer), Condition 9(c) (B) Issuer Refinancing Call), Condition 9(c) (C) 
(Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
(whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect 
thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes 
at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York 
City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement 
indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part 
of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying 
Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding 
any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 
13 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of 
such Talon. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of The Netherlands or any political subdivision therein or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for 
payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having 
some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(ii) 
where such deduction or withholding is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), as amended from time to 
time, on payments due to a Noteholder or Couponholder affiliated (gelieerd) to 
the Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes); or

--- Page 56 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 56- 
55-41071245 
 
(iii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of 
such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 
days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than The Netherlands, references in these Conditions to The Netherlands shall be 
construed as references to The Netherlands and/or such other jurisdiction. 
12. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or 
any of them and the default continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions 
and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such 
continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues 
for a period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any other loan or debt of a Material Company, in each case having an outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of at least EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies), shall become due and payable prior to the stated maturity thereof 
following a default or any security therefore becomes enforceable or a Material Company 
fails to make repayment of any such loan or debt at the maturity thereof or at the expiration 
of any grace period originally applicable thereto or any guarantee of any loan, debt or 
other moneys given by a Material Company shall not be honoured when due and called; 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution and liquidation (ontbinding en vereffening) of a Material Company, save in 
connection with a Permitted Merger or save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(v) 
if a Material Company ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial 
part of its business, save in connection with a Permitted Merger or any announcement of, 
or a step preparatory to, a Permitted Merger or save for the purposes of reorganisation on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vi) 
if bankruptcy (faillissement) or moratorium of payments (surseance van betaling) 
proceedings are initiated or applied for, or a similar measure under foreign law is taken by 
a Material Company, or bankruptcy (faillissement) proceedings are initiated or applied for, 
or a similar measure under foreign law is taken, in respect of a Material Company by a 
third party and such action is not dismissed within 14 days, or a Material Company ceases 
or threatens to cease to pay its debts or admits to be, is or is deemed insolvent or unable 
to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law in its jurisdiction of 
incorporation; or 
(vii) 
if any Material Company offers a compromise (akkoord) relating to its payment 
difficulties to its creditors or negotiates with its creditors another arrangement relating to 
its payment difficulties, or such measures are officially decreed, under any applicable law;  
(viii) 
if an 'executory attachment' (executoriaal beslag) or similar measure under foreign law is 
made on a material part of the assets of any Material Company or an 'interlocutory 
attachment' (conservatoir beslag) or similar measure under foreign law is made thereon 
and, in either case, is not cancelled or withdrawn within 30 days after the making thereof; 
or 
(ix) 
if at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any or all 
of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or any of the obligations of the Issuer 
thereunder are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable,

--- Page 57 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 57- 
55-41071245 
 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, be declared immediately due 
and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination 
Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within 
five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the 
relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having 
its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and 
otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor Principal Paying 
Agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification  
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both 
physical and virtual meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, 
including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification 
may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing more than fifty per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, 
two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of 
the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be

--- Page 58 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 58- 
55-41071245 
 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which 
two or more Persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one-third of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a 
quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding 
on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if 
it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error, determined solely by 
the Issuer. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any 
provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be published (i) in at least one daily newspaper of wide 
circulation in The Netherlands and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext, in 
such form as the rules of that exchange require. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication in all the newspapers in which such publication is required to be 
made. 
While all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note 
and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note 
and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the date of delivery to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, such notices shall be published in accordance with the paragraph above. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes 
are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the

--- Page 59 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 59- 
55-41071245 
 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any 
discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question 
from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction: The Issuer submits for the exclusive benefit of the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders to the jurisdiction of the court of first instance 
(Rechtbank) of Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its appellate courts. Without prejudice 
to the foregoing, the Issuer further irrevocably agrees that any suit, action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and 
the Talons may be brought in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 60 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 60- 
55-41071245 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
supplemented (if necessary), amended (if necessary), replaced (if necessary) and completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Stedin Holding N.V. 
(incorporated as a public company with limited liability in The Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Rotterdam, The Netherlands) 
LEI: 724500R5IP6TFKTNRU48 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2024 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus 
dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental 
Base Prospectus] can be obtained by e-mail through treasury@stedin.net and will be published in electronic 
form on https://www.stedingroep.nl/investor-relations. Furthermore, copies of the Base Prospectus [and the 
supplemental Base Prospectus] will be available, free of charge, during normal office hours at the Issuer's 
head office, Blaak 8, 3011 TA Rotterdam, The Netherlands. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before 
exit day to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 61 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 61- 
55-41071245 
 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (an "EU distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, an EU distributor subject to 
EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
[To be included if any of the Managers are "UK MiFIR entities" and are "manufacturers" for the purposes 
of UK MiFIR:][UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
 (i) 
Issuer: 
Stedin Holding N.V. 
2. 
 [(i) 
Series Number: 
[•]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible). 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date/the 
Issue 
Date/exchange 
of 
the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 23 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
3. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i) 
Series: 
[•]]

--- Page 62 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 62- 
55-41071245 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
 Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
6. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
 
Where multiple denominations above EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent) are being used the 
following 
sample 
wording 
should 
be 
followed: "[EUR 100,000] (or the relevant 
higher denomination) and integral multiples 
of [EUR 1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [EUR 199,000] (or twice the 
relevant higher denomination minus the 
smallest 
denomination). 
No 
Notes 
in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [EUR 199,000] (or 
twice the relevant higher denomination 
minus the smallest denomination)") 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] (If only one Specified Denomination, the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination insert the largest 
common factor) 
7. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date / specify / Not Applicable (for 
Zero Coupon Notes)] 
8. 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[• per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– • per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of 
their nominal amount] 
11. 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not applicable][specify the date 
when any fixed to floating rate change occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
specify there] 
12. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Refinancing Call] 
 
 
[Make-whole Redemption Call] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
 (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior

--- Page 63 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 63- 
55-41071245 
 
 
[(ii) 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount for a 
short or long Interest Period 
("Broken Amount(s)"): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 or 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360 or 360/360] [30E/360 
or Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
15. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s) 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified in 
(iv) below]/[not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in [(iv)] is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date: 
[•]] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 64 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 64- 
55-41071245 
 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no 
need to specify if the Principal Paying Agent 
is to perform this function)] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] month EURIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[For example, EURIBOR 01] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•]  
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]]  
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Averaging 
Method:  
[Averaging with Lookback

--- Page 65 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 65- 
55-41071245 
 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]]  
 
• 
ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short 
or long interest period)] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 or 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360 or 360/360] [30E/360 
or Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
[Reference Price: 
[•]] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 or 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360 or 360/360] [30E/360 
or Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
 Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 66 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 66- 
55-41071245 
 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
 
(iii) 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent) 
18. 
 Issuer Refinancing Call 
[Applicable / not applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Refinancing 
Call 
Commencement Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
will consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for 
example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent) 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
 Make-whole Redemption Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[•] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent.) 
 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified by Issuer 
of Make-whole Redemption 
Date 
and 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
[•]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 67 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 67- 
55-41071245 
 
addition to those set out in 
Condition 9(c) (C): 
 
(iii) 
Discounting basis for purposes 
of calculating sum of the 
present 
values 
of 
the 
remaining 
scheduled 
payments of principal and 
interest on Redeemed Notes in 
the determination of the Make-
whole Redemption Amount: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly] 
 
(iv) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[•] 
 
 
(v) 
Quotation Agent: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reference Dealers: 
[give details] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Security: 
[give details] 
20. 
 Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
21. 
 Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
 Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[•][Par] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent.) 
23. 
 Early Redemption Amount 
[•][Par] per Calculation Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions):

--- Page 68 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 68- 
55-41071245 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
 Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange on [•] days' notice/ at 
any time should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of 
the Notes in sub paragraph 6(i) includes 
language to the following effect: "[EUR 
100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 
1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[EUR 
199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes 
which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes). 
 
 
[Definitive Notes] 
25. 
 New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
(If "No" is specified here ensure that "Not 
Applicable" is specified for Eurosystem 
eligibility in the relevant paragraph of 
paragraph 6 of Part B of the Final Terms and 
if "Yes" is specified here ensure that the 
appropriate specification is made in respect 
of Eurosystem eligibility in the relevant 
paragraph of paragraph 6 of Part B of the 
Final Terms.) 
26. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/Amsterdam/give details. 
Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which sub paragraph 15(v) 
relates] 
27. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
28. 
 [Consolidation provisions: 
Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
18 (Further Issues)] [annexed to this Final 
Terms] apply] 
 
29. 
 Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[Specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as

--- Page 69 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 69- 
55-41071245 
 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant 
to 
Article 
36 
(Register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer 
is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration 
(or, 
if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Stedin Holding N.V.: 
By: 
 ...................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 70 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 70- 
55-41071245 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext in Amsterdam / None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application is has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext in Amsterdam with effect from [ ].] 
 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on Euronext in Amsterdam with effect from [ ].]  
 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated 
Total 
Expenses 
relating 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been / are expected to 
be] rated: 
 
 
[S & P: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
(Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable:) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the latest update of 
the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit

--- Page 71 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 71- 
55-41071245 
 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:) 
 
["Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER] 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•] 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from general financing 
purposes will need to include those reasons here.) 
(In case Green Bonds are issued the category of 
Eligible Green Projects must be specified) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•]

--- Page 72 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 72- 
55-41071245 
 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
(v) 
[other relevant code]: 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
New Global Note intended to be 
held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with 
Euroclear 
or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
(vii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(ix) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•]

--- Page 73 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 73- 
55-41071245 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling restrictions 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 74 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 74- 
55-41071245 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by 
a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common 
depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such 
Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
In case of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination plus a 
higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts 
in excess such minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. So long as such Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, these Notes will be tradable only in the minimum 
Specified Denomination increased with integral multiples of another smaller amount, notwithstanding that 
Definitive Notes shall only be issued up to, but excluding, twice the minimum Specified Denomination. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case 
of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the 
order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in 
respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a 
schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the 
Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the 
Principal Paying Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(A) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(c) (B) Issuer Refinancing Call) or Condition 9(c) 
(C) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global 
Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal 
amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary

--- Page 75 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 75- 
55-41071245 
 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, except that, for so long as it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall be 
published (i) in at least one daily newspaper of wide circulation in The Netherlands and (ii) if and for so 
long as the Notes are listed on Euronext in such form as the rules of that exchange require.

--- Page 76 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 76- 
55-41071245 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
INCORPORATION, ADDRESS DETAILS AND SHARE CAPITAL 
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is Stedin Holding N.V. 
The Issuer was established as a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) for an unlimited 
term under the laws of The Netherlands on 5 June 2000. It has its registered seat in Rotterdam, The 
Netherlands, and its principal place of business at Blaak 8, 3011 TA Rotterdam, The Netherlands and the 
telephone number of its principal place of business is +31 88 89 63 963. The Issuer is registered in the 
Trade Register at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 24306393. 
The Issuer's website is https://www.stedingroep.nl/eng/investor-relations. Information on the 
aforementioned website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer's Articles of Association were last amended by notarial deed on 8 December 2023. 
The Issuer's authorised share capital is EUR 2,000,000,200, divided into 15 million ordinary shares and 5 
million cumulative preference shares, each with a nominal value of EUR 100, as well as one N1 share and 
one N2 share with a par value of EUR 100 each. As of 30 April 2024, 5,684,431 ordinary shares, 416,068 
cumulative preferred shares, one N1 share and one N2 share had been issued and fully paid up (2022: 
4,970,978 ordinary shares, 416,068 cumulative preferred shares, nil shares N1 and N2). As of 8 December 
2023, 671,754 ordinary shares and one N1 share had been issued to the Dutch State. In addition, one N2 
share was issued to the municipality of Rotterdam. The N1 and N2 shares are non-participating and have 
been introduced to grant the Dutch State (N1 shareholder) and the municipality of Rotterdam (N2 
shareholder) special controlling rights in respect of certain decisions as representatives of the shareholders' 
committee. As of 27 March 2024, the provinces of Utrecht and Zeeland, together with 21 municipalities 
have also become shareholder, bringing the total number of shareholders up to 64. Stedin Holding N.V. is 
currently 100 per cent. owned by the Dutch State (11.8 per cent.), the provinces of Utrecht (0.3 per cent.) 
and Zeeland (0.1 per cent.) and 61 municipalities in The Netherlands, including the municipalities of 
Rotterdam (27.7 per cent. of the ordinary shares), The Hague (14.5 per cent. of the ordinary shares) and 
Dordrecht (7.9 per cent. of the ordinary shares). The remaining 58 municipalities each own less than 5.0 
per cent. of the ordinary shares. No single shareholder has a controlling interest in the Issuer. However, the 
three largest shareholders have a majority interest in the Issuer of 54 per cent and the N1 share entitles the 
holder to a casting vote in certain decisions, approval of an amendment to the articles of association or 
dissolution of the Issuer. Also, the holder of the N1 share is the only person permitted to request a 
reconsideration of the Issuer's financing plan. Privatisation is not permitted under Dutch law.  
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF STEDIN GROUP 
Stedin Group's origin dates back to the middle of the nineteenth century.  
In The Netherlands, utility companies were traditionally owned by municipalities and provinces. Since the 
1980's, significant voluntary consolidation has occurred in order to improve efficiency of operations. In 
1995, the utility companies of the municipalities of The Hague, Dordrecht and Rotterdam merged to create 
the integrated utility company Eneco. REMU, a major energy distributor for the province of Utrecht, was 
acquired in 2003. In the period 2000-2007 a number of small Dutch energy companies and grids have been 
acquired. 
On 31 January 2017, Eneco Holding N.V. was unbundled to create the energy company Eneco Groep N.V. 
("Eneco Group") and the network group with the grid operator, Stedin Group, by distributing all the shares 
in Eneco Group as a dividend in kind to the shareholders of Eneco Holding N.V. 
On 31 January 2017, Eneco Holding N.V. was renamed Stedin Holding N.V. The only remaining 
relationships between Eneco Group and Stedin Group consist of a regular business relationship that Stedin 
Group has with all energy companies who are using the grids of Stedin Group. These include activities 
relating to invoicing and collecting amounts from consumers. 
In its role as Grid Company, Stedin Group is responsible for the regional distribution of electricity and gas. 
Stedin's gas and electricity grids are a vital link for society and economic activities in Stedin Group's service

--- Page 77 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 77- 
55-41071245 
 
area. More than 2.3 million private and business customers rely on Stedin Group for their energy supply, 
day and night.  
Stedin Group collaborates with other players in the energy supply chain. These include electricity and gas 
producers, the national grid managers of electricity and gas TenneT and Gasunie, Stedin Group's suppliers 
and other regional grid managers and organisations that monitor the reliability, affordability, safety and 
sustainability of the energy supply. Stedin Group operates alongside five other regional grid operators in a 
regulated market. Each regional grid operator is a monopolist in its area of operations.  
Stedin Group focuses on all activities relating to constructing, managing and maintaining energy grids and 
also facilitates the energy market. Stedin Group is comprised of the Grid Company, which operates in the 
regulated electricity and gas domain. In addition, Stedin Group conducts non-regulated activities, under the 
names of NetVerder and DNWG. The Issuer is the holding company of the Stedin Group and the Issuer's 
income depends on dividends received from its subsidiaries. The Issuer holds full ownership of the 
regulated grid operator Stedin Netbeheer and the non-regulated infrastructure specialist DNWG Infra. 
A non-regulated activity will only be included in Stedin Group's portfolio if it demonstrably contributes 
towards efficient grid management, if it helps to fill a gap in the market and if Stedin Group is uniquely 
positioned to perform it. 
Stedin Group consists of the following operating entities: 
• 
Stedin Netbeheer manages and maintains the energy grids in a large part of the Randstad 
conurbation and the Provinces of Utrecht and Zeeland, thereby covering three of the four 
largest cities in The Netherlands, the Port of Rotterdam, the port of Zeeland and large 
industrial and glasshouse horticulture regions. Parts of the Provinces of Noord-Holland 
and Friesland also fall within Stedin Netbeheer's area of operations. Stedin Netbeheer 
operates in the regulated market alongside five other regional grid operators.  
• 
DNWG Infra (operating under the name DNWG) maintains and manages the electricity 
and gas networks of Stedin Netbeheer and the water network of Evides in Zeeland and 
Goeree. In 2023 it was decided to terminate the execution of the breakdown & 
maintenance work on water that is carried out in cooperation with Evides. The year 2024 
will be used as a transition year so that Evides can carry out these activities completely 
independently.  
• 
NetVerder contributes to the energy transition with the development, realization and 
maintenance of energy infrastructures for heat, steam and biogas. NetVerder is also 
actively engaging in independent transport and distribution of other new energy forms 
and carriers. NetVerder is an independent part of Stedin Group. 
Subsidiaries of Stedin Holding N.V. (in alphabetical order, as at the date of this Base Prospectus): 
 
• 
DNWG Infra B.V. 
• 
DNWG Warmte B.V. 
• 
Infradock B.V. 
• 
N.V. Stedin Netten Noord-Holland 
• 
N.V. Stedin Noord-Oost Friesland 
• 
NetVerder B.V. 
• 
Stedin Groep Personeels B.V. 
• 
Stedin Groep Services B.V. 
• 
Stedin Netbeheer B.V. 
 
The Issuer also participates in two joint ventures: Utility Connect B.V. and Tensz B.V. Utility Connect is 
active in the field of reading measurement data from smart meters using the data bandwidth of a CDMA-
based telecommunications network. Tensz is the management organisation of Tennet and Stedin Netbeheer 
for joint assignments related to management and maintenance of medium-voltage and high-voltage grids 
and installations. Furthermore, Stedin Group has two associated companies; Energie Data Services 
Nederland B.V. and Beheerder Afsprakenstelsel (BAS) B.V.

--- Page 78 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 78- 
55-41071245 
 
ORGANISATIONAL CHART 
 
 
Service area 
 
 
CORPORATE STRATEGY 
Strategy: grid access for all 
The aim of Stedin Group is to give everyone in its service area access to the grid. To make that possible, 
Stedin Group will need to expand its grid capacity and maintain the high quality of its grid. This is Stedin 
Group's social mandate, as well as the core of its new strategy for the period 2023-2027. Stedin Group does 
this through construction, utilisation and management.

--- Page 79 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 79- 
55-41071245 
 
The energy transition is one of the greatest challenges the Netherlands has ever faced. Energy production 
is rapidly becoming more sustainable and electricity consumption is rising steeply. At the same time, Stedin 
Group is maintaining the quality of its energy grid and preparing the gas grid for the distribution of 
renewable gases. This, too, is part of the energy transition.  
New energy systems 
The Netherlands is moving from a fossil energy system to a sustainable energy system. From energy 
generated centrally at a power station to energy generated locally by solar panels or offshore wind turbines. 
This requires giving more thought to how we use energy. Throughout the Netherlands, sustainable energy 
should as much as possible be used near to where and when it is generated. By using smart technologies, 
Stedin Group can keep the energy system balanced even when there is no wind or sunshine. Stedin Group 
will be supplying all of this new energy to its customers via its grids, working together to create an 
environment filled with new energy. Stedin Group is helping achieve the Dutch sustainability ambitions 
and is working on the energy system of the future: a challenge of unprecedented magnitude. Stedin Group 
does this with an eye for the environment around us. 
The energy system of the future requires a well-functioning grid. A high-quality grid with sufficient 
capacity. This is where Stedin Group's focus will lie in the coming years. Stedin Group will speed up 
construction, improve the utilisation of grids and continue their reliable management.  
Ensuring grid capacity 
• 
Construction: Stedin Group is laying even more cables and pipes and building additional stations. 
In this way, Stedin Group can connect its customers to its energy grid, including new customers 
and electricity generators. 
• 
Utilisation: construction alone will not suffice. Stedin Group will improve the utilisation of the 
grid by optimally matching supply and demand, and by using the available grid capacity in the 
smartest possible way. This will reduce grid congestion. 
Ensuring grid quality 
• 
Management: Stedin Group wants to maintain the quality of its performance. Among other things, 
Stedin Group does so by safeguarding the quality of its energy grid. Stedin Group's top priority is 
to continue to ensure a reliable and safe energy supply. 
Rationale for Green Financing 
Timely and sufficient availability of funding on the most favorable terms continues to be a key precondition 
for achieving the Stedin Group's strategy. The European capital market offers the Stedin Group the 
opportunity to raise funding on favorable terms and to attract sustainable investors. This aligns with the 
Stedin Group's aim to finance their operations by issuing green bonds. Stedin Group believes that green 
finance instruments are an effective tool to channel investments to projects that have demonstrated climate 
benefits and thereby contribute to the achievement of the UN SDGs, the Dutch Climate Agreement and the 
EU Environmental Objectives (Climate Change Mitigation in particular). By issuing green finance 
instruments, Stedin Group intends to align its funding strategy with its mission, sustainability strategy and 
objectives. The energy transition is a sustainability priority for Stedin Group. To be able to achieve this 
priority, Stedin Group will have to invest in the grid network to facilitate the increase of the share of 
sustainable sources of energy in the Dutch energy system and therefore contribute to the transformation of 
the country, ultimately accelerating the Dutch energy transition. In addition, Stedin Group aims to 
contribute to the development of the green finance market and to the growth of SRI investing. 
THE REGULATORY FRAMEWORK  
The Energy Department of the ACM supervises the correct implementation of the Electricity Act 1998 
(Elektriciteitswet 1998) and the Gas Act (Gaswet). The ACM ensures the effective and efficient functioning 
of the energy market and the protection of customer interests through the implementation of various 
regulatory instruments. This includes safeguarding access to networks, maintaining sufficient transparency 
(access to essential information) and protecting consumers against potential malpractices.

--- Page 80 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 80- 
55-41071245 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Ministry of Economic Affairs is working on a new energy act, 
which should consolidate the existing Electricity Act 1998 and Gas Act, adjust the Dutch legislation to 
relevant European legislation and insert flexibility to comply with requirements for the Dutch renewable 
energy transition. The new legislation is currently pending before parliament and is deemed unlikely to 
come into force before 2025. This new legislation and other potential future changes in legal and regulatory 
requirements may have a negative impact on the Issuer's financial position and cash flows. 
The ACM monitors the capability of the Grid Company to meet the financial requirements for managing 
the electricity and gas grid, including required and planned investments. The Grid Company submits its 
statutory and regulatory financial statements to the ACM annually, including results, assets and 
infrastructure related activities (maintenance and investments). Furthermore end-user tariffs for the 
distribution of electricity and gas (which generates the revenues for the Grid Company) are controlled by 
the ACM and depend on a series of consecutive regulatory decisions, in particular the Regulation Method 
Decision, the Efficiency Discount Decision (x-factor), Quality Factor Decision (q-factor) and the 
Accounting Volume Decision, which are applicable to a certain price control period, and finally the annual 
tariff decisions.  
The Method Decisions for the new regulation period published by the ACM in September 2021 apply for 
the longest legally possible period of 5 years. By opting for this long term, the ACM aims to stimulate 
Dutch grid operators to operate efficiently and also to offer customers as much tariff stability as possible.  
The Trade and Industry Appeals Tribunal (CBb) issued a ruling on appeals lodged by grid managers 
(regional grid managers, TenneT and GTS) against the method decisions of the ACM. Consequently, the 
ACM has been forced by the court to amend the WACC calculation for both the electricity and gas Method 
Decisions for the current regulation period (2022 – 2026). For the electricity Method Decision the method 
for estimating the future cost development had to be changed as well as the estimate for the efficient cost. 
the Efficiency Discount Decision (x-factor) for electricity will lead to annually increased transport tariffs 
for electricity. For gas the x-factor leads to annually decreased transport tariffs but less so than before the 
appeal. The court decision will lead to a significant increase in income over the years 2024 to 2026 to catch 
up with the missed revenues in 2022 and 2023. The tariffs are also yearly corrected for the consumer price 
index (CPI) thereby increasing the revenues. 
The level of permitted revenues of the Grid Company includes a component based on the WACC. The 
variables used to calculate the WACC consist of estimates for the cost of equity, the cost of debt, the relative 
percentages of debt and equity in the capital structure of a nominally financed, theoretical Grid Company, 
the corporate tax rate and the consumer price index. The cost of equity represents the expected return on 
investment for the shareholders. The Issuer is the sole direct and indirect shareholder of the Grid Company. 
The cost of debt represents the expected cost of debt for a company with an "A" credit rating. As is the case 
for almost all other cost factors, the ACM bases the WACC on data preceding the regulation period for 
which the WACC is determined. Thus, the WACC may incorrectly reflect the costs of capital which the 
Grid Company will effectively incur during the relevant regulation period. The WACC has been set for the 
current regulation period (2022 – 2026). For electricity grids this will now vary, after the court appeal, from 
2.4% for 2022 increasing to 2.8% for 2026 and for gas grids this will vary from 3.3% to 3.7%. The WACC 
for gas grids is a nominal figure whilst that for electricity grids incorporates only 50% of current inflation 
expectations. Furthermore, the ACM may re-calculate the risk free rate component of the WACC 
retrospectively and include deviations from the expected risk free rate in the following year’s tariffs. 
In addition, the actual capitalisation of the Grid Company may differ from the 45/55 debt/equity ratio 
assumed in the Method Decisions, which would also have an impact on the profitability of the Grid 
Company. Finally, the actual corporate tax rate may deviate from the corporate tax rate assumed in the 
Method Decisions, which would have an impact on the profitability of the Grid Company. 
CAPITAL MARKET AND MONEY MARKET ACTIVITIES  
In 2024, the Issuer increased the size of its EMTN Programme from EUR 3 billion to EUR 5 billion. At 31 
December 2023, senior bonds totalling EUR 2.5 billion had been issued under the Programme. The Issuer 
issued a EUR 500 million perpetual hybrid bond in March 2021.  
The Issuer also has a EUR 750 million ECP programme. EUR 125 million was issued under the ECP 
programme as at 31 December 2023.

--- Page 81 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 81- 
55-41071245 
 
The Issuer has available a committed backup revolving credit facility for an amount of EUR 800 million 
with six banks. The facility is available until June 2028. The facility is undrawn as per the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Financing and banking policy 
Stedin Group has access to the capital and money markets, optimises its financing structure and costs in 
conjunction with financial parameters set by the regulator in each regulation period and minimises its 
financing risks. The financing policy is designed to ensure timely and permanent financing and is approved 
by the Supervisory Board.  
Stedin Group maintains long-term relationships with at least six banks to secure the availability of adequate 
stand-by banking facilities. These banks are Dutch banks as well as international banks which have 
adequate standing, offer a wide range of products and have strong credit ratings. 
The financing and banking policy is implemented by its treasury department which duties include amongst 
others: 
• 
advising on and effecting external and internal funding transactions;  
• 
conduct of day-to-day cash management; 
• 
mitigating exchange-rate, inflation and interest-rate risks; and 
• 
maintaining contacts with banks, rating agencies and other financial stakeholders regarding 
treasury-related matters. 
The treasury department has no profit target and is a cost centre. It uses a conservative financial policy 
regarding open financial positions and derivatives. The treasury department acts in accordance with its 
mandate as described in the "Treasury Statute".  
CREDIT RATING 
The Issuer has a public rating by S&P since 2001. In S&P's report of 8 February 2024, the "A- with a stable 
outlook" long-term issuer credit ratings of each of the Issuer and Stedin Netbeheer have been affirmed. The 
stable outlook reflects S&P's view that the Issuer will be able to maintain a ratio of funds from operations 
to debt of well above 9% over the medium term.  
The Dutch state became a 11.9% owner in the Issuer in December 2023 after injecting EUR 500 million 
common equity, which confirms S&P's view of moderately likely extraordinary support from the 
government.  
The Issuer has a long-term credit rating target of an A rating profile which provides a buffer in relation to 
the minimum statutory required creditworthiness of an ‘investment grade rating (BBB/Baa2)’ for the Issuer, 
as stated in the Financial Management of Grid Managers Decree (Besluit Financieel Beheer 
Netbeheerders). 
DIVIDEND POLICY 
The articles of association of the Issuer provide that until 31 December 2033, for each of the fiscal years 
2023 through 2032, a derogatory dividend policy shall apply. For this period, in respect of profits available 
for distribution after application of articles 29.3 to 29.9 of the Issuer's articles of association, the following 
profit appropriation has been laid down in the so-called shareholders' covenant: 
1. Of profits up to and including an amount of EUR 20,000,000, 10% will be added to the ordinary 
profit reserve. 
2. In addition to the reserve pursuant to section 1, the following applies: 
a. 
if the profit exceeds EUR 20,000,000, but does not exceed EUR 100,000,000, 70% of the 
excess above EUR 20,000,000 shall be added to the ordinary profit reserve.

--- Page 82 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 82- 
55-41071245 
 
b. if the profit exceeds EUR 100,000,000, the following shall be added to the ordinary profit 
reserve: 
i. 70% of EUR 80,000,000 (being the excess above EUR 20,000,000 up to EUR 
100,000,000); and 
ii. 82% of the excess above EUR 100,000,000. 
3. The profit that will not be set aside pursuant to sections 1 and 2 is free at the disposal of the annual 
general meeting. 
MANAGEMENT OF STEDIN HOLDING N.V. 
Management board 
The members of the management board of the Issuer are appointed by its supervisory board. The 
management board is ultimately responsible for the performance of Stedin Group. It develops the corporate 
strategy and long-term planning, monitors the risk profile, directs the business and corporate management, 
and approves the key performance indicators and the business plans of the business units. In addition, the 
management board manages on the basis of clear mandates from the supervisory board and prepares the 
financial statements. 
Please find below the biographical details of members of the management board of the Issuer: 
Drs. ir. K.W. (Koen) Bogers 
Chairman / CEO 
 
Koen Bogers (1969) joined the management board on 1 May 2021 and, since 1 June of that year, has been 
chairman of the executive board of Stedin Group. Koen Bogers previously worked as managing director at 
Babcock & Wilcox in Denmark. This position he held from 2018. Prior to that, he spent more than twenty 
years at Siemens, where he held various managerial positions in the areas of energy, energy transition, 
industry and infrastructure.  
 
Responsibilities: Strategy and Regulation, Corporate Affairs, HRM, Corporate Communications, Internal 
Audit, VGMK. 
 
Additional positions: Global Partner at Bloxhub, Advisor Techleap.nl, Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
of Kersten Technical Companies. 
 
Mr D. (Danny) Benima 
Member / CFO  
 
Danny Benima (1978) was appointed as CFO and member of the management board as of January 2019. 
As of 1 January 2023, he has been reappointed for four years. Previously, he worked at Arcadis as CFO of 
Southern Europe, and held various financial positions at Arcadis and Stork. Danny Benima studied 
International Management (HES Amsterdam) and Business Administration with a specialization in 
Financial Management (Nyenrode). Danny is Chartered Controller (University of Tilburg). 
 
Responsibilities: Corporate Risk Management, Finance & Accounting, Supply Chain, Treasury and 
Business Support Services. 
 
Additional positions: Board member Utility Connect, Member of the Supervisory Board of EDSN, Member 
of the Advisory Board of Hartekind Foundation (until 1 July 2023), Member of Economic Board Utrecht. 
 
Mr D. (David) Peters 
Member / CTO 
 
David Peters (1980) has been a member of the management board as of January 2018. Since May 2015, he 
was director of strategy at Stedin. Until May 2015 he worked at Boston Consulting Group on strategy and 
organizational issues, particularly in the energy sector. David Peters studied Applied Physics at TU 
Eindhoven and Applied Ethics at the University of Leuven.

--- Page 83 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 83- 
55-41071245 
 
Responsibilities: CDO Office, Change Office, Asset Management, Innovation, NetFurther, IT, Market.  
Additional positions: Board member of the Zeeland Foundation Public Interests, Member of the general 
board of E-Laad, Member of the board of EDSO, Member of the supervisory board of GOPACS, Member 
of the Supervisory Board of BAS B.V. (Administrator Appointment System) and member of the 
Supervisory Board of Stichting Het Utrechts Landschap foundation. 
G.M. (Trudy) Onland 
Member / COO 
 
Trudy Onland (1974) has joined the management board on 1 June 2021. Previously Trudy Onland worked 
for twelve years at Nederlandse Spoorwegen (NS) where she held various managerial positions. She was 
responsible for customer service, for example, and in recent years as Director of Maintenance for the NS 
fleet. She has extensive experience in managing complex processes. Her innovative and solution-oriented 
mentality fits well with Stedin. 
Responsibilities: Business Project, Conservation, Consumer and Business Complex, DNWG Infra, 
Customer and Operations Support. 
Additional positions: Member of the supervisory board of hospital de Gelderse Vallei (effective 1 
September 2023). 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Management Board or the 
members of the Supervisory Board to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
The Issuer is subject to the Dutch statutory rules applicable to large companies (structuurvennootschap). 
Stedin Group complies with the rules for good corporate governance as recorded in the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code, except for some rules which specifically relate to listed companies. Since the Issuer is 
not listed on a stock exchange, several stipulations of the Corporate Governance Code are not applicable to 
the Issuer. In cases where no specific decree applies, the relevant best practice criteria are implemented. 
The Issuer's website (https://www.stedingroep.nl) includes information on Stedin Group's corporate 
governance. Information on the aforementioned website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
may not be relied upon in connection with any decision to invest in the Notes. 
Supervisory board  
As a two-tier board company, the Issuer has conferred important powers on the supervisory board. The 
supervisory board supervises all the management board's activities and advises the management board 
regarding strategic matters. The supervisory board has set up two committees: a remuneration, selection & 
appointment committee and an audit committee. 
The audit committee supervises all major financial matters and meets at least quarterly for this purpose. the 
audit committee meets with the external auditor at least twice each year. the supervisory board submits the 
financial statements to the general meeting of shareholders for determination. 
The remuneration, selection & appointment committee advises on the remuneration of the members of the 
management board and handles the selection and appointment of the members of the management board. 
Please find below the biographical details of the members of the Issuer's supervisory board: 
Mr. D.G. (Doede) Vierstra (chair of the Supervisory Board) 
Doede Vierstra (1958) is active as a director on behalf of the Enterprise Chamber of the Court in 
Amsterdam, member of the Supervisory Board at PGGM, member of the board of the Nyenrode, chairman 
of the Supervisory Board of KNGF Guide Dogs, member of the Supervisory Board of Leiden University 
Medical Center (LUMC) and member of the Supervisory Board of the Dutch Bach Society. Doede Vierstra 
gained extensive experience with stakeholders from his work as CFO at Nuon. 
Through his previous role as chairman of the WENB (Employers' Association for Energy and Utilities 
Utility Companies) Doede Vierstra is familiar with the challenges of the energy transition for Stedin Group.

--- Page 84 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 84- 
55-41071245 
 
Mr T.W. (Theo) Eysink RA 
Theo Eysink (1966) began his career at Arthur Andersen and then worked in finance positions at KLM 
Catering, Spui Group and Electrabel between 1996 and 2006. From 2006 to 2010, he was VP Finance at 
Bombardier Transportation Holding. In 2010, he became CFO of Stork Technical Services. Theo is now 
CFO Commercial Market Division at KPN. He is a solid financial leader with experience in various 
industries. He has also, particularly in his recent years at KPN, dealt with new business models.  
Theo Eysink is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Vesteda Investment Management B.V.  
Ms H.L. (Hanne) Buis, LLM 
Hanne Buis (1976) was until 1 February 2023 COO of Schiphol Group. Prior to that she was Chief Projects 
& Assets Officer and member of the Management Board of Schiphol Group and Managing Director of 
Lelystad Airport, part of Royal Schiphol Group. Before moving to Lelystad Airport she held various 
positions at Schiphol Airport. There she managed complex operational processes. 
Since 1 July 2022, Hanne Buis has been chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Dutch Bach Society. 
She is also a member of the Board of the Erasmus University and secretary of STAK W. Th. Zandstra 
Beheer B.V. 
Ms A.J. (Annie) Krist  
Annie Krist (1960) began her career at N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie in 1987 in the marketing department. 
After various (executive) positions, she joined the management team of Gasunie Transport Services (GTS) 
in 2005. From 2008 to 2011 she was Director of Strategy and Participations. Furthermore, she was 
Managing Director and member of the Executive Board and CEO of GTS. Effective 1 April 2017, Annie 
Krist was appointed as GasTerra's new CEO. 
Annie Krist is also a board member of the Dutch Energy Association, board member of the Green Gas 
Platform, Associate Member of the International Gas Union, board member of the Foundation Fund 
Management Cultural Relationship Events Gasunie/GasTerra of the Groninger Museum, Member Advisory 
Board Clingendael International Energy Programme, Board member of the Foundation Foundation for the 
Advancement of Spatial Sciences, Member Governing Board and Executive Committee at Eurogas and 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board Groningen Childcare Foundation. 
Mr. A.P.G. (Arco) Groothedde 
Arco Groothedde (1964) is a director at housing cooperative Eigen Haard. Earlier he was CEO at Translink 
Systems, a member of the Executive Board of the Land Registry and division manager at RDW. Arco 
Groothedde's extensive experience as a director in the digital transformation at the Kadaster and Translink 
come in handy at Stedin Group. He is happy to dedicate himself for customer-oriented services with social 
relevance as his current position and his experience as a supervisory director at DSW Zorgverzekeringen 
and as a member of the Supervisory Board of ROC Aventus (until 30 April 2023). 
All members of the supervisory board of Stedin Group have the Dutch nationality. 
The Secretary of the Company and Manager Corporate Affairs is E.M. (Elise) Reedeker. 
The address of both the management board and supervisory board is Blaak 8, 3011 TA Rotterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
In March 2024, the Issuer issued 41.955 ordinary shares to the provinces of Zeeland and Utrecht and 19 
individual municipalities within these provinces, for a total amount of € 33 million. 
In April 2024, the Issuer redeemed a ¥ 20 billion loan early (approx. € 120 million at the time of early 
redemption). As a result, a € 47 million one-off expense was recognised in profit or loss for the year 2024, 
partly due to the reclassification of the accumulated cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss. This current 
year expense will be largely offset by lower interest expenses in future years.

--- Page 85 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 85- 
55-41071245 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied, as indicated in the relevant Final Terns, either: 
 
(a) for general corporate purposes; or 
(b) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects. Such Notes may also be referred 
to as "Green Bonds". 
 
"Eligible Green Projects" means projects in the following categories: 
 
Renewable Energy 
• Projects/assets aimed at increasing the share of renewable 
electricity in the grid: Investments, expenditures and/or assets to 
directly connect renewable electricity production and storage units 
to the grid (includes powerlines and related infrastructure such as 
substations) 
 
• Projects/assets aimed at facilitating and integrating renewable 
electricity in the grid, while enhancing grid stability: 
Investments, expenditures and/or assets aimed at integrating and 
enhancing the distribution capacity for renewable electricity in the 
grid 
 
• Green Finance Eligibility: 
 
• 
Electricity grid investments, expenditures and/or assets built 
for the sole purpose of connecting renewable electricity 
sources to the grid (including powerlines and related 
infrastructure such as substations): 100% of asset value 
 
• 
Electricity grid investments, expenditures and/or assets 
aimed at integrating and enhancing the transmission 
capacity for renewable energy in the Dutch electricity grid: 
Apply to asset value the renewable electricity production 
ratio  in the Netherlands 
 
• Substantial contribution to Climate Change Mitigation 
(Article 10):1 
 
o 
1.b) Improving energy efficiency, except for power 
generation activities as referred to in Article 19(3) 
o 
1.g) Establishing energy infrastructure required for 
enabling the decarbonisation of energy systems 
Energy Efficiency 
• Smart Equipment: Equipment and/or infrastructure to carry 
information to users for remotely acting on consumption, 
including: 
• 
Smart meters 
• 
Energy storage solutions 
 
• Green Finance Eligibility: 100% of the asset values 
 
• Substantial contribution to Climate Change Mitigation 
(Article 10): 1.b) Improving energy efficiency, except for power 
generation activities as referred to in Article 19(3) 
 
1  
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment and amending Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088.

--- Page 86 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 86- 
55-41071245 
 
Clean Transportation 
Infrastructure for clean transportation: 
Infrastructure supporting sustainable mobility including: 
• 
Electric vehicle charging stations 
 
Green Finance Eligibility: 100% of the asset values 
Substantial contribution to Climate Change Mitigation (Article 
10): 1.c) Increasing clean or climate-neutral mobility 
Green Buildings 
The acquisition or construction of:  
• 
Buildings built before 31 December 2020 either with an 
EPC label ≥ "A" or belonging to the top 15% of the 
national building stock expressed as operational Primary 
Energy Demand 
• 
Buildings built after 31 December 2020 with energy 
performance lower of at least 10% than the threshold set for 
nearly zero-building (NZEB) requirements 
 
Renovations of existing buildings and individual measures to 
improve energy performance and achieve energy savings of at least 
30% in comparison to the baseline performance before the building 
renovation 
Green Finance Eligibility: 100% of the asset values 
Substantial contribution to Climate Change Mitigation (Article 
10): 1.b) Improving energy efficiency, except for power generation 
activities as referred to in Article 19(3) 
  
Eligible Green Projects are evaluated and selected by the ‘Stedin Green Financing Committee’ in 
accordance with – and based on compliance with the eligibility criteria set out above, as derived from a 
Green Finance Framework developed by the Issuer (the "Stedin Group Green Finance Framework"). 
The Stedin Group Green Finance Framework follows the ICMA Green Bond Principles (GBP) 2021 version 
and the Loan Market Association ("LMA") Green Loan Principles ("GLP"), 2021 version.  
 
At the moment, the Issuer cannot yet sufficiently demonstrate that it meets the minimum required 
safeguards required for reporting full alignment with the EU Taxonomy. The Issuer's activities are EU 
Taxonomy eligible and the Issuer concludes that by transmitting renewable electricity through ts grids and 
enhancing the sustainability of its mobility and buildings, the Issuer is making a significant contribution to 
climate change mitigation. EU Taxonomy eligibility is also the basis for the Issuers’ Green Financing 
Framework and the issuance of any “Green Bonds” by the Issuer. 
Pending the full allocation of the net proceeds to Eligible Green Projects, the Issuer will hold and/or invest 
the balance of net proceeds not yet allocated in its treasury liquidity portfolio (in cash or cash equivalents, 
money market funds, etcetera). 
 
The Issuer will make and keep publicly available reporting on the allocation of net proceeds to the Eligible 
Green Project portfolio and wherever feasible reporting on the impact of the Eligible Green Project portfolio. 
Such 
reports 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
investor 
relations 
website, 
(https://www.stedingroep.nl/eng/investor-relations), approximately twelve (12) months after the issuance.  
 
The Stedin Group Green Finance Framework has been reviewed by ISS-ESG. ISS has provided a second 
party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion").  
The information provided in this Base Prospectus in relation to the Stedin Group Green Finance Framework 
is in summarised form. The Stedin Group Green Finance Framework is not incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus but is available for viewing on the website, https://www.stedingroep.nl/investor-
relations.

--- Page 87 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 87- 
55-41071245 
 
No description of the impact pre-issuance of the Green Bonds  
 
The Issuer is unable to provide a specific description of the impact pre-issuance of Green Bonds. The 
proceeds of the Green Bonds will be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects 
that execute the energy transition and the EU environmental objective of climate change mitigation. The 
proceeds of the Green Bonds will thus be allocated to current and future projects, for which the Issuer is 
unable to provide a description on the impact pre-issuance of the Green Bonds. First, the impact is not 
auditable at issuance and second, the Issuer wants to prevent misrepresentation for investors, as the impact 
pre-issuance could only be described in generic terms and most likely differs every year. Third, there is 
also methodology risk that may arise if a description of the impact pre-issuance of the Notes would be 
included in this Base Prospectus. This risk is related to CO2 emission numbers, which numbers are not 
measured but calculated. The calculation methods change over time, which would potentially lead to a 
misrepresentation of final impact versus the impact that would have been included in this Base Prospectus 
if a description of the impact pre-issuance had been included in this Base Prospectus. This could lead to an 
accusation of the Issuer overstating or understating the emissions avoided. It would require complex 
additional risk factors in the documentation. Hence, the Issuer cannot facilitate the request of including a 
specific description of the impact pre-issuance.

--- Page 88 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 88- 
55-41071245 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain Dutch tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries 
or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisors as to which countries' 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
TAXATION IN THE NETHERLANDS 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to 
be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, 
hold or dispose of a Note, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories 
of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, it is assumed that a holder 
of a Note, being an individual or a non-resident entity, does not have nor will have a substantial interest 
(aanmerkelijk belang), or – in the case of such holder being an entity – a deemed substantial interest, in the 
Issuer and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder of a Note has or will have a 
substantial interest in the Issuer. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, either alone 
or together with his partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) certain relatives of such 
individual or his partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have, (I) the ownership of, a right to 
acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total 
issued and outstanding capital of the company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares 
of the company, or (II) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates 
(winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of 
the company.  
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, directly or 
indirectly has (I) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of the company or the 
issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of the company, or (II) the ownership of, or certain 
rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the 
annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of the company. Generally, an entity holding a Note has a deemed 
substantial interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part 
of a substantial interest on a non-recognition basis. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, the term "entity" means a 
corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of a Note, an individual holding a Note or an entity holding a Note, 
such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic interest in 
such Note or otherwise being regarded as owning a Note for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for purposes 
of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such as a trustee, 
foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar 
originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where the summary refers to "The Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the 
Kingdom of The Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to Notes, such reference includes Coupons. 
Investors should consult their professional advisors on the tax consequences of their acquiring, holding 
and disposing of a Note.

--- Page 89 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 89- 
55-41071245 
 
Withholding tax 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer under a Note can be made without withholding or 
deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, save that Dutch withholding tax may apply on 
certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) 
is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the annually updated Dutch 
Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a 
permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled 
to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, 
or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such 
jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is 
not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction 
of residence of a participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats 
the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or more) 
of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to the participant directly, all within the meaning of the 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding a Note which is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax 
purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of income 
or a capital gain derived from a Note at the prevailing statutory rate (up to 25.8 per cent. in 2024). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding a Note who is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch income tax 
purposes will generally be subject to Dutch income tax in The Netherlands in respect of income or a capital 
gain derived from a Note at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.5 per cent. in 2024) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat 
uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), 
including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, 
actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, the individual will generally be subject to Dutch income tax on the 
basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from the Notes. For the 
fiscal year 2024, separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts and investments apply. A deemed 
return for the category investments (including the Notes) of 6.04% is applicable, as at the beginning of the 
relevant fiscal year. The applicable percentages will be updated annually on the basis of historic market 
yields. Subject to certain anti-abuse provisions, the product of an amount equal to (a) the total deemed 
return divided by the sum of savings, debts and investments and (b) the sum of savings, debts and 
investments minus a tax-free allowance, forms the individual's taxable income from savings and 
investments (including the Notes) for 2024 and will be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate (36 per cent. in 
2024). 
Non-residents 
A holder of a Note which is not, and is not deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes 
will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either effectively 
managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or

--- Page 90 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 90- 
55-41071245 
 
permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in The Netherlands and the holder of 
a Note derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous 
activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands as defined in the 
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that 
exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by way of gift by, 
or on the death of, a holder of a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of a Note is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provision. 
Value added tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of a Note in respect of payments in consideration 
for the acquisition of a Note, payments of principal or interest under a Note, or payments in consideration 
for a disposal of a Note. 
Other taxes and duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar Dutch tax or duty payable in The 
Netherlands by a holder of a Note in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or 
enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of The Netherlands) of a 
Note or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under a Note. 
Residence 
A holder of a Note will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, 
by reason only of acquiring, holding or disposing of a Note or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of a Note. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including The Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and the Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if 
additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to

--- Page 91 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 91- 
55-41071245 
 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes.

--- Page 92 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 92- 
55-41071245 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to ABN AMRO Bank N.V., BNP Paribas, Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A., ING Bank N.V., NatWest Markets N.V. and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ) 
(the "Initial Dealers") and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes (together, the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased 
by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 7 June 2024 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made 
between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and 
terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers 
and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of 
such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment 
of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, 
it, its affiliates (if any) or any person acting on its or their behalf, will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Further each Dealer agrees and represents (and each additional Dealer named in the relevant Final Terms 
will be required to represent and agree) that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treasury Regulations section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D 
Rules"), it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period it will not offer or sell, Notes to 
a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, and that it has not 
delivered and will not deliver with the United States or its possessions Definitive Notes that are 
sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such 
Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a U.S. person (except to the extent permitted under the D Rules); 
(iii) 
if it is a U.S. person, it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale in connection with their original 
issuance, and if it retains Notes for its own account, it will do so in accordance with the 
requirements of the D Rules; and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires Notes from the Dealer for the purpose of 
offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, the Dealer either repeats and confirms 
the representations and agreements contained in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such

--- Page 93 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 93- 
55-41071245 
 
affiliate's or distributor's behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such distributor for the benefit of 
the relevant Issuer the representations and agreements contained in such paragraphs; and 
(v) 
it shall obtain for the benefit of the relevant Issuer the representations, undertakings and agreements 
contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) of this paragraph from any person other than its 
affiliate with whom it enters into a written contract, (a "distributor" as defined in U.S. Treasury 
Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)), for the offer or sale during the restricted period of the 
Notes. 
Terms used in these paragraphs have the meanings given to them by the D Rules. 
Where the rules under U.S. Treasury Regulations section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules") are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable in relation to any Notes, the Notes must, in connection with 
their original issuance, be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions and, 
accordingly, each Dealer represents and agrees (and each additional Dealer named in the Final Terms will 
be required to represent and agree) that, in connection with the original issuance of the Notes: 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes within the United States or its possessions; and 
(ii) 
it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective 
purchaser if such Dealer or such prospective purchaser is within the United States or its possessions 
and will not otherwise involve the United States office of such Dealer in the offer and sale of Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the " Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and 
(ii) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would

--- Page 94 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 94- 
55-41071245 
 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Financial Promotion 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or 
indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
Spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended). No such mediation is required in respect of (a) the transfer 
and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of 
a business or profession, or (b) the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into The 
Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in the 
Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series or Tranche are issued outside The Netherlands 
and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the course of their initial distribution or immediately 
thereafter. In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in 
relation to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with and, 
in addition thereto, if such Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form do not qualify as commercial paper traded 
between professional borrowers and lenders within the meaning of the agreement of 2 February 1987, 
attached to the Royal Decree of 11 March 1987, (Staatscourant 129) (as amended), each transfer and 
acceptance should be recorded in a transaction note, including the name and address of each party to the 
transaction, the nature of the transaction and the details and serial numbers of such Notes. For purposes of 
this paragraph "Zero Coupon Notes" means Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no 
interest is due whatsoever. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will (to the best of its 
knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or 
from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers 
to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they

--- Page 95 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 95- 
55-41071245 
 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 96 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 96- 
55-41071245 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Issuer's Managing Board dated 19 March 
2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Listing and trading 
2. 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for Notes to be issued under the 
Programme up to the expiry of 12 months from the Publication Date (as defined below) to be 
admitted to listing on the official list and trading on Euronext. The Programme also permits Notes 
to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
3. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, other than the legal proceedings described in the 
paragraphs "Unbundling" and "Litigation" in the section Description of the Issuer. 
Significant/Material Change 
4. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Stedin Group since 31 December 
2023 nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or the financial 
performance of the Stedin Group since 31 December 2023. 
Auditors 
5. 
The consolidated and company financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 have been audited without qualification by Deloitte 
Accountants B.V., Wilhelminakade 1, 3072 AP Rotterdam, The Netherlands, independent auditors. 
The auditor signing the auditor's reports on behalf of Deloitte Accountants B.V. is a member of the 
Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants). 
The auditor’s report included in the audited consolidated and company financial statements of the 
Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 expresses an unqualified opinion and also 
includes an emphasis of the impact of the energy transition as explained in the report of the Board 
of Management on page 24 of the Issuer's annual report as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2022:  
 
"The impact of energy transition on Stedin Holding N.V. 
We draw attention towards the described impact of the energy transition on Stedin Holding N.V., 
including the related uncertainties, risks, chances and results as described on page 24 of the Report 
of the Board of Management. 
We emphasize the following important elements in the Report of the Board of Management: 
• 
The Board of Management notes that due to the energy transition, Stedin Holding N.V. is 
facing future substantial investments that cannot be timely financed by means of the 
expected growth in regulated revenue through the current regulatory model. In 2022 
Stedin Holding N.V. reached an agreement with the State in return for a EUR 500 million 
investment which is an important step to strengthening the equity capital. Following this, 
Standard & Poor published an update of Stedin Holding N.V.’s credit rating on 14 
February 2023. We draw your attention to the explanation in this regard in the Report of

--- Page 97 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 97- 
55-41071245 
 
the Board of Management on page 97 and to note 34 related to subsequent events within 
the financial statements on page 203. 
• 
The energy transition has impact on the estimates and underlying assumptions concerning 
the valuation of the regulated networks as included in the balance sheet. We refer to the 
first key audit matter of our audit. 
• 
In its report of the Board of Management, Stedin Holding N.V. also reports on non-
financial information on the energy transition and sustainability, including information on 
EU taxonomy. We draw attention to this information from page 41 and 66 onwards 
respectively in the Report of the Board of Management. We do not provide assurance on 
this information and refer to the section "Report on the other information included in the 
annual report" for the work we performed on this information. 
Our judgement is not adjusted for this matter." 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the Issuer's 
head office at Blaak 8, 3011 TA Rotterdam, The Netherlands for 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the deed of incorporation of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the most recent articles of association of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the audited consolidated and company financial statements of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form); and 
(e) 
an ICSDs Agreement, which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form. 
In addition, these documents and the Base Prospectus are available on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.stedingroep.nl/eng/investor-relations. 
Material Contracts 
7. 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of business, which 
could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities being issued. 
Tax Consequences 
8. 
The tax laws of the investor's Member State and of The Netherlands might have an impact on the 
income received from the Notes. Investors should consult their professional advisors on the tax 
consequences of their acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes. 
Post-issuance information 
9. 
Other than in relation to Green Bonds, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance 
information in relation to any issues of Notes. For more information in respect of Green Bonds 
issued by the Issuer, please refer to the Stedin Group Green Finance Framework and any Second 
Party Opinion available on the following webpage: https://www.stedingroep.nl/eng/investor-
relations. The contents of this webpage, any Second Party Opinion and the Stedin Group Green 
Finance Framework do not form part of this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference 
therein.  
Clearing of the Notes

--- Page 98 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 98- 
55-41071245 
 
10. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
11. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 724500R5IP6TFKTNRU48. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
12. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Responsibility 
13. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares 
that, to the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
Other 
14. 
This Base Prospectus can be obtained by e-mail through treasury@stedin.net as of 7 June 2024 
(the "Publication Date"). Furthermore, copies of this Base Prospectus will be available, free of 
charge, during normal office hours at the Issuer's head office, Blaak 8, 3011 TA Rotterdam, The 
Netherlands and will be published in electronic form on https://www.stedingroep.nl/investor-
relations. 
15. 
It should be noted that: (a) this Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM, as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation, (b) the AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation, and (c) such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
16. 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. has been engaged by the Issuer as Principal Paying Agent for the Notes, 
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement, for the purpose of paying sums due on the Notes and of performing all other 
obligations and duties imposed on it by the Conditions and the Amended and Restated Agency

--- Page 99 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 99- 
55-41071245 
 
Agreement, ABN AMRO Bank N.V. in its capacity of Principal Paying Agent and Paying Agent 
is acting for the Issuer only and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to any of 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Neither ABN AMRO Bank N.V. nor any of its directors, 
officers, agents or employees makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility, as to the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the information or opinions 
described or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in any investor report or for any 
other statements made or purported to be made either by itself or on its behalf in connection with 
the Issuer or the offering of the Notes. Accordingly, ABN AMRO Bank N.V. disclaims all and any 
liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise, in respect of this Base Prospectus and or 
any such other statements.

--- Page 100 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 100- 
55-41071245 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS  
30/360 ............................................................. 33 
30E/360 .......................................................... 34 
30E/360 (ISDA) ............................................. 34 
Accountholder ................................................ 74 
Accrual Yield ................................................. 31 
Actual/360 ...................................................... 33 
Actual/365 ...................................................... 33 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ......................................... 33 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).................................... 33 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ..................................... 33 
Additional Business Centre(s) ........................ 31 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ....................... 32 
AFM .................................................................. i 
Agency Agreement ......................................... 31 
Base Prospectus ........................................... i, 60 
Business Day .................................................. 32 
Business Day Convention............................... 32 
C Rules ........................................................... 92 
Calculation Agent ........................................... 32 
Calculation Amount ....................................... 32 
Calculation Date ............................................. 51 
Calculation Period .......................................... 33 
CET ................................................................ 52 
CGN ................................................................. 5 
Clean-up Redemption Date ............................ 53 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .......................... 4, 26 
Conditions .......................................... 20, 31, 60 
Control ............................................................ 33 
Coupon Sheet ................................................. 33 
Couponholders................................................ 31 
Coupons .......................................................... 31 
D Rules ........................................................... 91 
D1 .................................................................... 34 
D2 .................................................................... 34 
Day Count Fraction ........................................ 33 
Dealer Agreement ........................................... 91 
Dealers ............................................................ 91 
Definitive Note ............................................... 27 
Direct Rights ...................................... 27, 28, 29 
distributor ....................................................... 92 
dollars ............................................................. 23 
Dutch .............................................................. 87 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) ................... 35 
Early Termination Amount ............................. 35 
EBITDA ......................................................... 35 
ECB ................................................................ 26 
EEA .......................................................... 21, 60 
entity ............................................................... 87 
EU MiFID II ............................................. 21, 92 
EU PRIIPs Regulation .................................... 21 
EUR ................................................................ 23 
euro ................................................................. 23 
Eurobond Basis............................................... 34 
Euroclear .................................................... 4, 26 
Eurodollar Convention ................................... 32 
Euronext ......................................................... 35 
Euronext Amsterdam ......................................... i 
Eurosystem................................................ 17, 26 
Extraordinary Resolution ................................ 35 
Final Redemption Amount .............................. 36 
Final Terms ............................................... 20, 31 
first currency ................................................... 58 
First Interest Payment Date ............................. 36 
Fixed Coupon Amount .................................... 36 
Floating Rate Convention ............................... 32 
Following Business Day Convention .............. 32 
FRN Convention ............................................. 32 
Global Note ..................................................... 26 
Group .............................................................. 36 
IMD ................................................................. 60 
Initial Dealers .................................................. 91 
Insurance Mediation Directive .................. 21, 92 
Interest Amount .............................................. 36 
Interest Commencement Date ......................... 36 
Interest Determination Date ............................ 36 
Interest Payment Date ..................................... 36 
Interest Period ................................................. 36 
Investor's Currency ......................................... 16 
ISDA Rate ....................................................... 43 
Issue Date ........................................................ 36 
Issuer .................................................. i, 4, 20, 31 
M1 ............................................................. 33, 34 
M2 ............................................................. 33, 34 
Make-whole Redemption Amount .................. 51 
Make-whole Redemption Date ....................... 51 
Make-whole Redemption Margin ................... 52 
Make-whole Redemption Rate ........................ 52 
Margin ............................................................. 36 
Material Company .......................................... 36 
Material Subsidiary ......................................... 36 
Maturity Date .................................................. 37 
Maximum Redemption Amount ..................... 37 
Member State .................................................. 23 
MiFID II .......................................................... 60 
Minimum Redemption Amount ...................... 37 
Modified Business Day Convention ............... 32 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention .................................................. 32 
NGN ............................................................ 5, 26 
No Adjustment ................................................ 32 
Noteholder ...................................................... 74 
Notes ............................................................ i, 31 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) .............. 37 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ............... 37 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) ................... 37 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ..................... 37 
Participating Member State ............................. 37 
Paying Agents ................................................. 31 
Payment Business Day .................................... 38 
Permanent Global Note ................................... 26 
Permitted Merger ............................................ 38 
Person ............................................................. 38

--- Page 101 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 101- 
55-41071245 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention .............. 32 
PRIIPs Regulation .......................................... 60 
Principal Financial Centre .............................. 38 
Principal Paying Agent ................................... 31 
Programme .................................................. i, 31 
Prospectus Regulation ................................. i, 60 
Put Option Notice ........................................... 39 
Put Option Receipt ......................................... 39 
Quotation Agent ............................................. 52 
Rate of Interest ............................................... 39 
Redemption Amount ...................................... 39 
Reference Banks ............................................. 39 
Reference Dealer Quotation ........................... 52 
Reference Dealers ........................................... 52 
Reference Price............................................... 39 
Reference Rate ............................................... 39 
Reference Security ......................................... 52 
Refinancing Repurchase Date ........................ 51 
Regular Date ................................................... 39 
Regular Period ................................................ 39 
Relevant Account Holder ............................... 29 
Relevant Clearing System .............................. 26 
Relevant Coupons ........................................... 54 
Relevant Date ................................................. 39 
Relevant Financial Centre .............................. 39 
Relevant Indebtedness .................................... 40 
Relevant Screen Page ..................................... 40 
Relevant Time ...............................27, 28, 29, 40 
Reserved Matter .............................................. 40 
second currency .............................................. 58 
Securities Act .................................................. 21 
Security Interest .............................................. 40 
Series ............................................................... 31 
Similar Security .............................................. 52 
Specified Currency.......................................... 40 
Specified Denomination(s) ............................. 40 
Specified Office .............................................. 40 
Specified Period .............................................. 40 
Stedin Group Green Finance Framework ....... 85 
Subsidiary ....................................................... 40 
sub-unit ..................................................... 42, 45 
Talon ............................................................... 40 
TARGET Settlement Day ............................... 40 
TARGET2 ....................................................... 40 
TEFRA C Rules .............................................. 26 
TEFRA D Rules .............................................. 26 
Temporary Global Note .................................. 26 
The Netherlands .............................................. 87 
Tranche ........................................................... 31 
Treaty .............................................................. 40 
U.S. dollars ..................................................... 23 
U.S.$ ............................................................... 23 
Y1 .............................................................. 33, 34 
Y2 .............................................................. 33, 34 
Zero Coupon Note........................................... 40 
Zero Coupon Notes ......................................... 93

--- Page 102 ---
10280460160-v10 
- 102- 
55-41071245 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Stedin Holding N.V. 
Blaak 8  
3011 TA Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
ARRANGER 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94, 7th 
floor 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (Publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
111 47 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
ABN AMRO BANK N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuer 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1a 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Arranger and the Dealers 
A&O Shearman Sterling LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. 
Wilhelminakade 1 
3072 AP Rotterdam 
The Netherlands