--- Page 1 ---
- i -
BASE PROSPECTUS 
STORA ENSO OYJ 
(incorporated with limited liability in Finland) 
Euro 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Enso-Gutzeit Oy was the Issuer under the U.S.$300,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme"), which has subsequently been updated, most recently on the date of this base prospectus 
(the "Base Prospectus"). With effect from 1 May 1996, Enso-Gutzeit Oy and Veitsiluoto Oy merged to 
form Enso Oy and increased the Programme to U.S.$1,000,000,000. With effect from 23 December 1998, 
Enso Oyj, acquired, through a public offer, Stora Kopparbergs Bergslags Aktiebolag (publ) ("Stora") and 
subsequently changed its name to Stora Enso Oyj. With effect from 4 May 2000 Stora Enso Oyj increased 
the Programme to Euro 2,000,000,000, from 10 May 2001 to Euro 3,000,000,000 and from 30 May 2002 
to Euro 4,000,000,000. Any Notes (as defined below) issued under the Programme are issued subject to 
the provisions set out herein. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof. 
Under this Euro 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme, Stora Enso Oyj (the "Issuer") may 
from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency as agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer (as defined below). This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed Euro 4,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under 
"Subscription and Sale" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers"). References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to 
subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of 
these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
By approving a prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of 
the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Application 
has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have 
been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU as amended, "MiFID II").

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 10 May 2023, 
being 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other 
than circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set forth in a final terms 
document (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be filed with the CSSF. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes of each Tranche (as defined below) will initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note 
or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Permanent Global Note (each as defined under "Form 
of the Notes") which will be deposited on or prior to the issue date thereof in the case of Notes which are 
intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, with a common safekeeper (or a nominee) for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or 
in the case of Notes which are not intended to be issued in NGN form (a "Classic Global Note" or 
"CGN") with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other agreed clearance system. A Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, for either a Permanent Global Note or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon 
certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as required by US Treasury regulations. A Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes only in certain limited circumstances, as further 
described in "Form of the Notes" below. 
The Programme has been rated BBB- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings") and Baa3 by 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's").  Each of Fitch Ratings and Moody's are established in the 
EEA and are registered under the CRA Regulation and are  included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Fitch Ratings and Moody's are not established in the 
United Kingdom ("UK") and are not registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). The Programme ratings have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd and by 
Moody's Investors Services Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have 
not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by Fitch Ratings and Moody's may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. According to Fitch Ratings' rating 
system, the BBB rating indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions 
are more likely to impair this capacity. The modifier - denotes the relative status within the major rating 
category. According to Moody's rating system, the Baa rating indicates that the obligations are subject to 
moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-grade and as such may possess speculative 
characteristics. The numerical modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of Moody's relevant generic 
rating category.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
Any person (an "Investor") intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from any person (an "Offeror") 
should be aware that, in the context of an offer to the public as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, the 
Issuer may be responsible to the Investor for the Base Prospectus only if the Issuer is acting in association 
with that Offeror to make the offer to the Investor. Each Investor should therefore verify with the Offeror 
whether or not the Offeror is acting in association with the Issuer. If the Offeror is not acting in 
association with the Issuer, the Investor should check with the Offeror whether anyone is responsible for 
the Base Prospectus in the context of the offer to the public, and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor 
is in any doubt about whether it can rely on the Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents 
it should take legal advice. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR and 
STIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility AB (as administrator of STIBOR) is not included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") and the European Money Markets Institute (as the administrator of EURIBOR) is included 
in ESMA's register. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (as administrator 
of STIBOR) is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
 
BNP PARIBAS  
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
BofA Securities 
Danske Bank 
 DNB 
J.P. Morgan 
NatWest Markets  
Nordea  
OP Corporate Bank  
SEB  
   
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 May 2022

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 (2020 Revised Edition) OF SINGAPORE (as modified or amended from time to time) (the "SFA") 
– Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Notice to investors in Canada - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. 
Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain 
provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this 
Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the 
remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the 
securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal advisor. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities 
issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National 
Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts ("NI 33-105"), the Dealers are not required to comply with the 
disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this 
offering.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any applicable 
Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any applicable Final 
Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
Certain information in respect of the description of ratings set out on pages (ii) and page 26 of this Base 
Prospectus has been extracted from the websites of Moody's and Fitch Ratings.  The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant rating agencies, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Copies of this Base Prospectus and any applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes will be 
available free of charge from (i) the head office of the Issuer and the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents (as defined below), in each case at the address given at the end of this Base Prospectus and 
(ii) on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu, save where any such Notes are 
unlisted, in which case the applicable Final Terms will be available for inspection only by the holders of 
such Notes as described in (i) above. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the 
Notes or their distribution or for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection 
with the issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes. 
None of the Dealers accept any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such 
Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels. None 
of the Dealers are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the 
impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to 
the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection 
with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation 
by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, 
listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or 
admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
Dealer or the Managers and the persons named on or identifiable following the applicable Final Terms as 
the Authorised Offerors (as defined below). 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated 
to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which 
is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the 
European Economic Area (including Belgium and The Netherlands), the United Kingdom, Japan and 
Singapore (see "Subscription and Sale").

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraphs (ii) or (iii) 
below may apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of 
Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final 
terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, 
in relation to such offer, (ii) if authorised to do so in accordance with the relevant Final Terms, or (iii) if a 
prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member 
State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any 
such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State and such offer is 
made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable. Except to the extent that sub-paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above may apply, neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes, the Issuer 
consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a public offer ("Public Offer") of the 
relevant Notes during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") either 
(1) in Luxembourg by any financial intermediary which is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II 
and which satisfies the conditions (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms or (2) by the financial 
intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms, in Luxembourg and subject to the relevant conditions 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for so long as they are authorised to make such offers (each an 
"Authorised Offeror") under MiFID II. The Issuer may give consent to additional financial 
intermediaries after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if they do so, the Issuer will publish the 
above information in relation to them on their website. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of 
the Base Prospectus with respect to subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by any financial 
intermediary given consent to use the Base Prospectus. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Any Authorised Offeror who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer 
as set out in (1) above is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its 
website that it is using this Base Prospectus for such Public Offer in accordance with the consent of 
the Issuer and the conditions attached thereto. Any Authorised Offeror must also (i) comply with 
the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” which would apply if the relevant Authorised 
Offeror were a Dealer and (ii) consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and 
distribution channels identified under the “MiFID II product governance” legend set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
To the extent specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Public Offer may be made during the relevant Offer 
Period by any of the Issuer, the Dealers or any relevant Authorised Offeror in Luxembourg and subject to 
any relevant conditions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Public Offer of any Notes by 
any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with its offer of any Notes unless (1) the offer is made by an Authorised Offeror as described 
above or (2) the offer is otherwise made in circumstances falling within an exemption from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. Any such unauthorised offers are 
not made on behalf of the Issuer, any Dealer or any Authorised Offeror and none of the Issuer, any Dealer 
or any Authorised Offeror has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such 
offers. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES FROM AN 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF THE NOTES TO AN 
INVESTOR BY AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATION,

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
 
 
SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS AND ANY EXPENSES OR TAXES TO BE CHARGED TO 
THE INVESTOR (THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PUBLIC OFFER"). THE 
ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH INVESTORS 
(OTHER THAN DEALERS) IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT 
CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PUBLIC 
OFFER SHALL BE PROVIDED TO INVESTORS BY THAT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT 
THE RELEVANT TIME. NONE OF THE ISSUER, ANY OF THE DEALERS OR OTHER 
AUTHORISED OFFERORS HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR SUCH 
INFORMATION. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the 
impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. 
The Dealers make no assurances as to (i) whether any Notes will meet any investor criteria and 
expectations with regard to environmental impact and sustainability performance for any investors and (ii) 
whether the use of the net proceeds specified by the Issuer in connection with any offering of Notes will 
be used for such purposes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (see 
"Subscription and Sale"). 
References in this document to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the EEA, 
references to "U.S. dollars" and "U.S.$" refer to the currency of the United States of America, those to 
"Swedish krona", "Swedish kronor" or "SEK" refer to the currency of the Kingdom of Sweden, those to 
"Chinese renminbi" refer to the currency of the People's Republic of China, those to "Brazilian real" or 
"BRL" refer to currency of Brazil, those to "Japanese yen" refer to the currency of Japan, those to 
"pounds sterling" refer to the currency of the United Kingdom and those to "Euro", "EUR" or "€" refer

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
 
 
to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
final terms may over‑allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over‑allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................. 11 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................... 12 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................. 34 
FORM OF THE NOTES................................................................................................................................... 37 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................ 65 
USE OF PROCEEDS........................................................................................................................................ 93 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................. 94 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION................................................................................................ 108 
TAXATION..................................................................................................................................................... 109 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 112 
GENERAL INFORMATION......................................................................................................................... 118

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This Programme is a Euro 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme under which the Issuer 
may, from time to time, issue Notes including, without limitation, Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, 
Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the Dealers prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Final Terms of the Notes endorsed 
on, or attached to, the Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not 
currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively 
also have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the 
Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all 
or part of their investment. 
The Issuer believes that the risks described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons. Prospective investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into six categories based on their nature. These 
categories are: 
• 
risk factors relating to our business and industry; 
• 
legal, regulatory and compliance risks; 
• 
risks related to financing;  
• 
risk factors relating to the Notes;  
• 
risks related to Notes generally; and 
• 
risks related to the market generally. 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall 
evaluation of the criteria set out in the Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in 
which the risk factors are presented after the first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect 
either the relative probability or the potential impact of their materialisation. The order of the categories 
does not represent any evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors within that category, when 
compared to risk factors in another category. 
In the sections "Risk Factors Relating to our Business", "Legal, regulatory and compliance risks" and 
"Risks related to financing" the terms "we", "us" and "our" refer to Stora Enso Oyj or Stora Enso Oyj 
and its subsidiaries and associates, as the context may require. 
Risk Factors Relating to Our Business and Industry 
Our operations are affected by global macroeconomic conditions, and any material deterioration or 
downturn of the economy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or 
results of operations. 
Demand for our products is primarily driven by demand for our customers' end products, such as 
industrial and consumer packaging, wood products, newspapers and magazines. Economic downturns 
characterised by declines in consumer and government spending, advertising, business investment or 
construction activity typically result in decreased demand for our products. Furthermore, the economic 
conditions have been, and are likely to continue to be, affected by concerns over increased geopolitical 
tensions, including those related to Ukraine, the Middle East (including the impact of oil prices on the 
global economy), North Korea and the Taiwan Strait, and political developments, such as the relationship 
between the UK and the European Union (the "EU"). 
Following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the United States, the EU, the UK, Canada, 
Japan and Australia, among others, have imposed several tranches of economic sanctions against Russia, 
the breakaway regions Donetsk and Luhansk as well as Belarus targeting certain financial institutions, 
companies and individuals, as well as certain industry sectors, such as transportation, energy, finance and

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
 
 
defence. In response, Russia has imposed several counter-sanctions, trade restrictions and other retaliatory 
measures aimed at hindering the activities of non-Russian businesses. There can be no assurance that 
further sanctions, counter sanctions or other measures will not be imposed. 
The economic sanctions imposed on Russia and Russia's counter-sanctions or other retaliatory measures, 
and the heightened geopolitical tensions between Russia and the rest of Europe and the United States 
arising from events in Ukraine, have had an adverse effect on  global macroeconomic conditions and the 
global economy and the risk of global economic downturn has increased. Among other things, the war in 
Ukraine has contributed to rising inflation, interest rates and currency fluctuations, which could all affect 
our profitability, cash flow and demand for our products. There is also a risk of continuously higher costs 
and increased volatility for raw materials and energy in Europe. For example, there have been discussions 
regarding limiting purchases of oil and natural gas from Russia, or Russia ceasing supply of such products 
to the rest of Europe. The United States has already banned all Russian oil and natural gas imports and the 
UK announced in March 2022 that it will phase out the import of Russian oil and oil products by the end 
of 2022. This has contributed to significant increases in the prices of oil and natural gas globally (see also 
"—Changes in raw material and energy costs affect our profitability" below). There could also be an 
adverse effect on our employees, operations (including increased cyber security risk) and sales in and raw 
material sourcing from the affected countries.  
On 2 March 2022, we announced that we would stop all production and sales in Russia until further 
notice due to the ongoing invasion in Ukraine. We have three corrugated packaging plants and two wood 
products sawmills in Russia, employing approximately 1,100 people. In addition, we decided to stop all 
export to and import from Russia, which was the source of 9 per cent. of our wood procurement in 2021. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, sales in Russia accounted for 3 per cent. of our revenues. On 25 
April 2022, we announced that we had entered into an agreement to divest our two sawmills in Russia. 
Our Nebolchi and Impilahti sawmills will be divested to local management. In addition, the divestment 
includes our Russian forest operation which through its harvesting supplies wood to the sawmills. The 
transaction is, pending necessary approvals, expected to be concluded within the second quarter of 2022 
and is not expected to have a material impact on our annual sales and operational EBIT. We are also in 
the process of find a sustainable solution for the future of our three packaging plants in Russia. As a result 
of the reduced business prospects, we recognised fixed asset impairments or EUR 69 million and write 
downs in inventories and trade receivables of EUR 43 million in the first quarter of 2022. The sanctions 
imposed on Russia could also directly affect our ability to use or withdraw cash or equivalents. The 
amount of cash or cash equivalents in Russian units as at 31 March 2022 was EUR 61 million. 
Russia has threatened to nationalise assets of non-Russian companies that have left the Russian market 
(whether temporarily or permanently), which could have a material adverse effect on such companies, 
including us, and could further materially tighten the European and global energy markets. The events 
have raised wide support for Ukraine in various countries, which may result in changes in general 
perception of using Russian made materials, components or raw materials as part of our products. 
Sanctions, counter-sanctions and other measures will likely continue to adversely affect our ability to 
conduct our business activities in Russia and with parties related to Russia and it is expected that the 
operating environment in Russia will be highly uncertain for a long time. 
As the central banks may reduce or reverse their lenient monetary policy positions in response to vigorous 
growth rates, such developments may give rise to significant uncertainty in the global economy and also 
negatively affect our business conditions. In addition, turmoil in the capital and credit markets may result 
in decreased availability of credit, which could have an adverse effect on the global economy and, 
consequently, on the markets for our products. The current geopolitical circumstances pose a notable risk 
of an increase in protectionist measures, including further direct or indirect government support for 
certain participants in the countries in which we or our competitors operate, which could distort 
competition in the market and require companies not benefiting from such support to curtail capacity and 
take other measures to remain competitive. An increase in protectionist measures could materially shrink 
global trade. Many of these risks are increasing as inflation has accelerated in many countries because of 
disruptions to supply chains due to the coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic combined with increased 
consumer demand and higher commodity prices.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
 
 
Furthermore, economic conditions may be affected by various additional events that are beyond our 
control, such as natural disasters and epidemics (such as the outbreak of COVID-19). The outbreak of 
COVID-19 as a global pandemic has affected and will continue to affect our operations. Positive vaccine 
news have shifted the balance of risks and opened the door to a more rapid relaxation of restrictions. 
However, further downside risks, including global vaccine inequality, potential new lockdowns and 
restrictions to contain the spread of new virus mutations, rising risk aversion among households, 
businesses and investors, fragility of systemic resilience, and subdued growth over the medium term, may 
compound social fractures and slow the recovery of economies and demand for our products. We face 
uncertainty in the short and medium terms, with the impact of COVID-19 on the forest industry and the 
economy at large remaining unclear. The trend towards nationalist anti-globalist policies may grow 
following the COVID-19 pandemic, with border checks on both goods and people becoming more 
stringent and national interests promoted, and this may been amplified by Russia's invasion of Ukraine 
and related sanctions and trade restrictions. There is also a risk that even the more open economies, such 
as those in Western Europe and Asia, enact policies in direct opposition to globalisation. Should 
restrictions imposed as a result of COVID-19 continue for extended periods of time or should they be 
broadened further in areas in which we operate, or even in areas in which we do not operate, they will 
continue to cause disruption to us, our employees, mills, markets, suppliers and customers, any of which 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, 
global financial markets have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant volatility and 
liquidity disruptions due to COVID-19, which may adversely affect our funding costs and access to 
funding. 
Any economic downturn or slowing in economic growth, due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, COVID-19 
or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of 
operations. These conditions are beyond our control and our management is not in a position to reliably 
estimate their effects on us. See also "—Risk Factors Relating to Our Business—Competition in the 
packaging, pulp, wood products and paper industries is intense and measures taken by national 
governments or the EU may distort competition in these industries" below. 
Changes in consumer behaviour and new technologies may have an adverse effect on demand for our 
products and our profitability. 
Changes in consumer behaviour have affected the demand for paper and board in general, with the 
demand for paper declining, especially in mature economies which are important for our sales. Some of 
the most significant changes in such consumer behaviour include the decrease in mailed advertising, 
increased use of e-mail and electronic media and increased use of personal computers. In addition, the 
distribution channels for music and video entertainment through the Internet require less packaging. 
New technologies and processes may emerge and existing technologies may be further developed in the 
fields in which we operate. These technologies or processes could have an impact on our production 
methods or on product quality or offerings. Rapid changes in our employed technologies or the 
development of new processes that affect our operations and product range could render the technologies 
we utilise or the products we produce obsolete or less competitive in the future. 
Changes in technology may also change consumer behaviour in terms of construction materials. Wood 
may be replaced by plastic or steel materials, which would have an adverse impact on the sales of the 
Wood Products division. Our ability to meet shifts in consumer demand will depend upon our ability to 
respond to changes in consumer behaviour and our ability to develop and produce new products on a 
competitive and economic basis, which requires continuous capacity management, production curtails and 
structural development. There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet changes in consumer 
behaviour and technology in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition or results of operations. 
Competition in the packaging, pulp, wood products and paper industries is intense and measures taken 
by national governments or the EU may distort competition in these industries. 
The packaging, pulp, wood products and paper industries in which we operate are mature, capital 
intensive and highly competitive. We have, from time to time, experienced pricing pressure from

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
 
 
competitors in many of our product lines and geographic markets. Our principal competitors include a 
number of large international paper, packaging and forest product companies, and we also face 
competition from numerous regional and more specialised competitors. The competitive environment and 
imbalances between supply and demand in the packaging, pulp, wood products and paper markets have 
been principal factors behind fluctuations in product prices in recent years. There can be no assurance that 
we will be able to compete successfully in the future, and a failure to do so could have a material adverse 
effect on our competitive position. In addition, we are subject to the risk that local competitors following 
lower social responsibility standards enter the market with lower compliance, labour and other costs than 
ours, and we may not be able to compete with such companies for the most price-conscious customers. 
Competition in the packaging, pulp, wood products and paper industries may be distorted by measures 
taken by national governments or the EU. For example, a number of national governments and the EU 
have taken measures to support companies operating in these industries in response to an economic 
downturn or to support economic development in particular regions. These measures may include direct 
support to build new production capacity in an industry already characterised by overcapacity and indirect 
support through tax and other incentives that are not available to all market participants. Such support 
measures may have a significant effect on the supply/demand balance in the industry and, therefore, 
distort competition in the market. Companies that do not benefit from such support may also have to 
curtail capacity and take other measures to remain competitive. In addition, competition in the packaging, 
pulp, wood products and paper industries may be distorted by regulatory measures that, for example, 
support specific energy sources or impose additional taxes, charges or penalties for certain practices. Such 
regulatory measures may require us to make significant additional investments or change our trade 
practices, which could have a significant adverse effect on our profitability and on our ability to compete 
against companies that are not subject to the same requirements. 
The prices for our products are cyclical and are affected by changes in capacity and production and by 
demand for our products, which, in turn, is influenced by general economic conditions and customers' 
inventory levels, among other factors. The timing and magnitude of price increases or decreases in the 
packaging, pulp, wood products and paper markets have generally varied by region and by type of 
packaging, pulp, wood products and paper. Changes in capacity, production and demand may result in 
periods of imbalance between supply and demand, during which periods the prices of our products can 
fluctuate significantly. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates can result in changes in global 
trade flows, which, in turn, can exacerbate the imbalance between supply and demand. We may not be 
able to maintain our current price levels, or increase the prices for our products, unless there is a strong 
demand for packaging, pulp, wood products and paper products or a further decrease in production 
capacity. Decreases in demand or unfavourable price levels for our products could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
We are exposed to risks related to climate change. 
Climate change, including the impact of global warming, creates physical and financial risk. Physical 
risks from climate change include an increase in sea level and changes in weather conditions, such as an 
increase in changes in weather patterns, including temperatures and precipitation, and extreme weather 
events. Such changes could adversely affect, among others, tree populations and the harvesting and 
transportation of wood. For example, the exceptionally mild winter conditions in the Nordics in 2019 and 
2020 with reduced period of frozen soil affected harvesting and transport of wood. Exceptionally mild 
winter conditions in the future could affect the stability of raw material supply and potentially increase 
wood costs for our Nordic mills. Drought periods together with high temperatures could also increase the 
risk of forest fires and insect outbreaks, potentially affecting forests and regional wood prices. In addition, 
the increasing global demand for water could, in the long term, adversely affect our operations through 
our supply chains. For example, the high temperatures and dry weather during the summer of 2018 
lowered water levels in lakes and affected water treatment processes in Sweden. These can lead to 
increasing risk of production limitations. Accordingly, climate change could have a material adverse 
effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
We may become subject to legislation and regulation regarding climate change, and compliance with any 
new rules could be difficult and costly. Concerned parties, such as legislators and regulators, shareholders 
and non-governmental organisations, as well as companies in many business sectors, are considering

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
 
 
ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Various governmental and local regulatory and legislative 
bodies have proposed legislative and regulatory measures relating to climate change, regulating 
greenhouse gas emissions and energy policies. If such legislation is enacted, we could incur increased 
energy, raw material, environmental and other costs and capital expenditures to comply with the 
limitations. Due to the uncertainty in the regulatory and legislative processes, as well as the scope of such 
requirements and initiatives, we cannot currently determine the effect such legislation and regulation may 
have on our operations. Furthermore, we could face increased costs related to defending and resolving 
legal claims and other litigation related to climate change and the alleged impact of our operations on 
climate change. 
We rely on outside suppliers and subcontractors and are therefore susceptible to disruptions in our 
supply chain. 
We rely on outside suppliers and subcontractors and their ability to deliver products or services at the 
right time and of the right quality. Our most important production inputs are fibre, transport, chemicals 
and energy, machinery and equipment as well as various outsourced business support services. For some 
of these inputs, there are a limited number of potential suppliers. In the event of a significant interruption 
or limitation in the supply of these production inputs from our current suppliers, we would seek to obtain 
them from other sources. However, there can be no assurance that we would be able to do so without an 
adverse impact on our manufacturing operations, such as an interruption or downscaling of production or 
change in the product mix, or increased costs. For example, ongoing global supply chain disruptions have 
negatively impacted the availability of transportation and increased transportation costs. The disruption to 
global supply chains and the negative effects resulting therefrom may continue. Any economic slowdown 
could also motivate our suppliers to decrease capacity, and consolidation among suppliers may occur. As 
a result, should the demand for our products increase faster than anticipated, there may not be sufficient 
volume of certain production inputs to meet the increased needs or the price of these inputs may increase. 
This could result in production delays and an increase in costs, and, if such delays are prolonged or cost 
increases are substantial, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of 
operations. 
We are also subject to the risk that our suppliers and subcontractors fail to comply with our sustainability 
requirements and thereby damage our reputation. This risk relates particularly to suppliers not complying 
with labour, health and safety regulations in high-risk countries in emerging markets such as China and 
Brazil. If our suppliers do not comply with our sustainability requirements, we may be required to take 
measures to remedy the situation, as well as terminating the relevant supplier relationships, which may 
limit the number of suppliers available to us. Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on 
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Changes in raw material and energy costs affect our profitability. 
The main raw material required in the manufacture of paper and board products is pulp, which is made 
from wood or recovered fibre. Different types of paper and board products are produced with the 
appropriate type of pulp and chemicals as their principal raw materials. The prices for energy and many 
of our raw materials, especially petroleum-based chemicals, have been volatile in recent years. For 
example, oil prices decreased significantly in the first quarter of 2020 then gradually recovered until a 
significant increase in February and March 2022 related to Russia's invasion of Ukraine and related 
sanctions and trade restrictions. Oil prices are expected to remain subject to significant volatility. Raw 
material and energy prices are likely to remain volatile going forward as a result of continued supply 
chain disturbances, growing tensions between Europe and Russia, China's energy shortage, and transition 
challenges from the disinvestment of fossil fuel reserves. This, in turn, affects the profitability of the 
packaging, pulp, wood products and paper industries. Chemical suppliers that use petroleum-based 
products in the production of their chemicals may, due to supply shortages, cost increases or other 
reasons, limit the amount of chemicals available to us and/or we may not be able to obtain the chemicals 
needed to operate our business at favourable prices or without delays. 
For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, fibre manufacturing costs accounted for 37 per cent. 
and 32 per cent., respectively, of our total operating costs. We have halted all import and export activities 
from and to Russia, and sawmills and wood supply from Russia have stopped. Russia accounted for 9 per

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
 
 
cent. of our wood procurement in 2021. The war in Ukraine has placed upwards pressure on raw material 
prices and there is a risk of continuously higher costs and increased price volatility for raw materials and 
energy prices in Europe. We expect the Nordic wood supply situation to continue to be tight. Also, 
exceptionally mild winter conditions could affect harvesting and the transport of wood and may therefore 
affect the stability of raw material supply and potentially increase wood costs to our Nordic mills. In 
addition, energy is one of the most significant components of our production costs. Despite our internal 
energy generation, we are, to a significant extent, dependent on external energy suppliers. Our contracts 
with energy suppliers vary as to price, quantity and duration and our energy costs are also affected by 
various market factors, including fuel and energy market prices and local and national regulatory 
decisions. Increases in prices for raw materials and energy have had a significant adverse impact on our 
production costs, and increases in prices for raw materials or energy could have a material adverse effect 
on our business, financial condition or results of operations if we are unable to increase our product prices 
sufficiently to maintain our margins. 
We may not be able to realise some or all of the anticipated benefits of our strategic plans and 
investments or there may be delays and unexpected higher costs or other difficulties in realising such 
benefits. 
Our business strategy is to transform from a traditional paper and board producer to a customer-focused 
renewable materials growth company. The success of this transformation depends on our ability to 
understand the needs of our customers and find the best possible ways to serve them with the right 
offering and production asset portfolio. This transformation is sought through innovation, organic growth 
and selective mergers and acquisitions, mainly in growth markets, and through operational improvements 
to the existing production base. Due to their nature, the investments usually require considerable amounts 
of capital and have long lead times to generate returns, leaving them susceptible to changes in market 
conditions and other unexpected factors. In addition, due to the size, location and complexity of the 
strategic projects, there is always a risk of cost overruns and delays. Specifically in the current market 
situation, inadequate utilisation of production facilities or individual paper machines and an unanticipated 
low demand for products after completion in general may occur. Any of these factors could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, 
competition for qualified personnel is intense in the growth markets in which we operate and seek to 
implement our strategic projects and this competition is likely to intensify in the future. We may not be 
able to locate suitable personnel at a reasonable cost or at all. If we are unable to attract, retain and 
motivate qualified employees at all levels, such failures could have a material adverse effect on our ability 
to execute our strategy in these markets and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition or results of operations. In addition, our intellectual property is an increasingly important tool 
supporting our transformation from a traditional paper and board producer to a customer-focused 
renewable materials group. During 2021, we filed priority founding patent applications and were granted 
more than 430 patents worldwide. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, such failure 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. An 
inability to realise the full extent of the anticipated benefits of our strategic plans and investments could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Exchange rate fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or 
results of operations. 
Currency transaction risk consists of the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our results of operations 
and cash flows. Currency fluctuations affect us because the majority of our operating costs are 
denominated in Euro, Swedish kronor, Chinese renminbi and Brazilian real, while a proportionately 
larger share of our sales are denominated in certain other currencies, including U.S. dollars and British 
pounds sterling. 
Because our consolidated financial statements are prepared in Euro, we also face a currency translation 
risk to the extent that the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of our non-Euro subsidiaries are 
denominated in currencies other than the Euro. Our reported earnings may be affected by fluctuations 
between the Euro and the non-Euro currencies in which our various subsidiaries report their results of 
operations. In addition, the appreciation of the Euro and/or Swedish krona against the U.S. dollar has in 
the past reduced, and could in the future reduce, the competitiveness of the products we produce in

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
 
 
Europe against imports from North America or South America or limit our ability to export such products 
to North America or South America, which could lead to lower sales and earnings. Furthermore, the Euro 
value of our sales and earnings in U.S. dollars would be reduced if the Euro were to appreciate against the 
U.S. dollar. 
While we use hedging instruments to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, there can be no 
assurance that we will be able to manage our foreign exchange risk successfully and/or on favourable 
terms. As a result of all the above factors, currency exchange rate fluctuations between the Euro and/or 
Swedish krona and certain other currencies, such as the U.S. dollar, British pound sterling, Swedish 
krona, Brazilian real, Russian rouble or Chinese renminbi, could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The availability of fibre may affect the prices paid by us for this key raw material or require us to alter 
our manufacturing operations. 
Any disruptions on delivery of procured wood fibre to our mills may oblige us to pay higher prices or 
alter our manufacturing operations by, for example, changing the product mix or downscaling production. 
There has been increasingly polarised public debate on forest resources, and stakeholder concerns or 
economic, political, legal or other difficulties or restrictions, including changes to forest, biodiversity or 
environmental regulatory regimes, leading to lower logging activities in countries from which we import 
fibre or increasing domestic demand for wood due to further development of the forest products industries 
in such countries may halt or limit the supply of fibre to our mills, which could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In particular, the EU energy and 
carbon policies may have an impact on the availability and price of wood fibre. 
Furthermore, environmental and social responsibility in wood procurement and forest management is a 
key requirement for our stakeholders, and we maintain policies for sustainable sourcing of wood and fibre 
as well as land management setting the basic requirements for all our wood procurement operations. If we 
fail to ensure that the origin of the wood we use is acceptable, this could have adverse consequences in 
the markets. Unpredicted changes in forest certification schemes and increased customer requirements 
could limit the availability of certified raw material. These adverse consequences could increase our raw 
material costs relating fibre and wood, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
We may not be able to successfully implement our cost reduction and efficiency improvement measures. 
We have taken a number of measures to reduce our costs and achieve operating efficiencies over the past 
years, and we may take further such measures in the future. For example, we announced on 1 February 
2019 that we had started to implement a profit protection programme to better prepare for potential 
market weakness, the target of which was to achieve EUR 400 million cost savings by the end of 2021. 
We concluded this programme by the end of the second quarter of 2021, which was two quarters ahead of 
plan. The implemented measures included the restructuring of our business areas and management, mill 
closures to address overcapacity and improve profitability, redundancies and divestments of certain mills 
and businesses. While these measures have generated the targeted savings, we may not be able to realise 
the full intended benefits of past or future efficiency improvement measures. Actual cost savings may 
differ materially from original estimates for a number of reasons. In addition, cost reduction measures are 
based on current conditions and do not take into account future cost increases that may result from 
changes in the industry or our operations, such as the overall weaker business environment and the 
current uncertainty in the global markets created by the outbreak of COVID-19 and Russia's invasion of 
Ukraine. Further, some of the measures taken by us are irreversible and we may incur significant costs 
should we want to recommence certain terminated operations in the future as a result of, for example, 
industry consolidation or unexpected changes in industry trends. Any failure to successfully implement 
these or additional future measures, or the failure of these measures to generate the anticipated level of 
savings, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
 
 
Future impairments and restructuring costs may have a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition or results of operations. 
The valuation of goodwill, intangible assets and fixed assets on our consolidated balance sheet is, to a 
significant degree, dependent on our estimates of the future cash generation capacity of the relevant assets 
or cash generating units. In accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the EU ("IFRS"), we review the carrying amounts of our intangible assets and fixed assets at each 
balance sheet date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. Goodwill is tested 
annually for impairment or more frequently when impairment indicators exist. If any such indication 
exists, we will estimate the recoverable amount of the asset and impair the asset to the recoverable 
amount through the income statement. The recoverable amount is estimated as the higher of the net 
selling price and the value in use with an impairment loss being recognised whenever the carrying amount 
exceeds the recoverable amount. Our total impairment charges relating to operations, presented as total 
impairment charges on other intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, in 2021 and 2020 
amounted to EUR 149 million and EUR 57 million, respectively. Further restructuring and/or any 
downturn or weakness in the global economy may require us to make further impairments, which, 
depending on the amounts impaired, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition or results of operations. 
In recent years, we have taken a number of measures to restructure our operations. Restructuring costs 
incurred in connection with restructuring cover the costs for closing down operations, demolition, 
clearance, cleaning and site restoration as well as redundancy costs. As at 31 December 2021, our total 
restructuring provisions amounted to EUR 88 million. As we continue to review our operations for 
additional operational efficiency and cost competitiveness, our restructuring costs may be significant in 
the foreseeable future and there can be no assurance that the actual cash outflows will not exceed the 
provisioned amounts. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition or results of operations. 
The value of our investments may be adversely affected by political, economic and legal developments 
in the countries concerned. 
We have operations in countries where the political, economic and legal systems are less predictable than 
in countries with more developed institutional structures. In particular, as our strategy includes an 
increased focus on growth markets, we are expected to become increasingly exposed to risks relating to 
operating in countries with less developed institutional, legal and political structures. In addition, social 
risks may harm the development of our investments in these countries and our relationship with local 
shareholders. Political or economic upheaval, civil unrest, changes in laws and other factors could have a 
material adverse effect on our operations in any of the countries in which we operate and, in turn, the 
amount of income from, and the value of, the investments we have made, and may in future make, in 
relation to our operations in these countries. Furthermore, political changes in China, Russia (such as the 
invasion of Ukraine and the fallout related thereto), Brazil and Uruguay may have a material financial 
impact on our operations. We are also exposed to similar risks when undertaking reorganisations, closures 
and improvements to our operations in the EU. Any such issues, or a public perception of such issues, 
would also harm our reputation and affect our operations in such markets. 
In addition, risks of operating in emerging market countries arise from the establishment or enforcement 
of foreign exchange restrictions, which could effectively prevent us from receiving profits from, or from 
selling our investments in, these countries. While none of the countries in which our operations are 
located currently have foreign exchange controls that have a significant effect on us, most of these 
countries have imposed foreign exchange controls in the recent past and no assurance can be given that 
these countries will not reinstitute these controls in the future. 
Certain of our operations are carried out in joint ventures over which we share control. 
Certain of our current operations are carried out in joint ventures and we expect to use joint ventures 
when starting new operations in growth markets also in the future. One of our current key joint ventures is 
Veracel Celulose S.A. ("Veracel") in Brazil. Both we and our Brazilian partner Suzano (formerly Fibria 
and Aracruz Celulose S.A.) have a 50 per cent. interest in Veracel and are entitled to one-half of the

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
 
 
Veracel pulp mill's output. Another important joint venture is the pulp mill Montes del Plata in Uruguay 
in which we and Celulosa Arauco y Constitucion S.A. ("Arauco") each have a 50 per cent. stake and are 
entitled to one-half of its output. In addition, the operations of our Beihai Mill site in Beihai city in 
Guangxi, southern China are managed by an equity joint-venture company established with Guangxi 
Forestry Group, a state-owned company under the Guangxi provincial government. We own 83 per cent. 
of the joint venture, with the remainder owned by Guangxi Forestry Group Co. Ltd, Beihai Forestry 
Investment & Development Company Ltd and International Finance Corporation. 
Due to their nature, we have and likely will have only shared control with other investors over our current 
and future joint ventures. Our current and future partners may have different approaches with respect to 
each joint venture, their control and any changes in control involving the joint venture or the parties 
thereto, and we may be unable to reach agreement with our joint venture partners. In the event of 
disagreements between the joint venture partners, we may fail to exit the joint venture at an acceptable 
price or at all. Strategic or joint venture partners may also choose not to, or may be subject to changes in 
control that may impact the ability to, continue partnerships they have with us or we may have to assume 
full ownership of joint venture companies. Our joint venture partners may also face financial difficulties, 
which may prevent such partners from supporting the operations of, or investing further capital in, the 
respective joint ventures. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or 
results of operations. 
We maintain a diverse and broad customer base as part of our sales approach; the loss of one or more 
of our major customers or the realisation of customer credit risk could have a material adverse effect 
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
A significant portion of our products are sold to a number of major customers, including significant 
printing houses and packaging industry companies. Although we are not dependent on any specific 
customer or group of customers, the loss of one or more of our major customers, if not replaced could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, each 
of our divisions and reporting segments, in particular the Packaging Materials division, Packaging 
Solutions division, Biomaterials and Paper division, sell significant volumes to certain major customers 
that, although not necessarily material to our business as a whole, are significant to the operations of the 
respective individual division. In addition, we are exposed to customer credit risk arising from 
deterioration in the financial health of customers. We use various measures to reduce credit risks, 
including but not limited to letters of credit, prepayments and bank guarantees; however, there can be no 
assurance that these measures will be successful in preventing the realisation of customer credit risk. 
A few significant shareholders may influence or control the direction of our business. 
Stora Enso's largest shareholders, Solidium Oy ("Solidium"), a company wholly-owned by the Finnish 
State, and FAM AB ("FAM") held 10.7 per cent. and 10.2 per cent., respectively, of the Shares 
outstanding and 27.3 per cent. and 27.3 per cent., respectively, of the related voting rights as at 31 
December 2021. Accordingly, Solidium and FAM have significant power to influence matters submitted 
to a vote of shareholders, such as the approval of the annual financial statements, declarations of annual 
reserves and dividends, capital increases, amendments to our articles of association and the election of the 
members of our board of directors (the "Board of Directors"). To the extent matters presented to our 
shareholders require approval of a particular percentage of shares represented at a meeting of 
shareholders or of a super majority of outstanding shares, these shareholders may be able to significantly 
influence the outcome of the vote. 
We are exposed to risks related to our tree plantations and forests. 
Currently, we have direct ownership of 1.4 million hectares of forest land (1.15 million hectares of 
productive forest land) in Sweden. We also manage plantations through 50 per cent. joint operation 
companies in Brazil and Uruguay and through subsidiaries in China. The majority of Latin American 
plantations are on lands we own, while Asian plantations are on leased lands. In addition, we have long 
term harvesting right forests in Russia and the Czech Republic. We also have a 41 per cent. interest in 
Tornator Oyj ("Tornator"), a Finnish company owning approximately 0.6 million hectares of forest land 
mainly in Finland and a 20 per cent. interest in a plantation company in Parana state in Brazil.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
 
 
Our tree plantations and forests may be destroyed as a result of natural disasters, including storms, fires, 
drought or floods. See also " – We are exposed to risks related to climate change" below. Such incidents 
could result in loss of assets, delayed delivery timetables and additional costs. For example, we suffered 
losses due to a forest fire in Sweden in 2014, which was one the largest forest fires in recent decades in 
the Nordic countries. At our tree plantations, there is also a risk of other catastrophic events, such as 
pathogen and pest infestations. Pathogens and plant diseases may spread quickly and destroy entire 
plantations, which would result in significant additional costs and delay in the delivery of fibre to the 
associated mills 
Establishing land ownership structures that comply with local law is a challenging process in emerging 
markets as a result of undeveloped regulatory frameworks, unclear licensing and permit requirements and 
changing legislation. In emerging markets, certain issues concerning land ownership remain unresolved 
and the laws governing investment in, and the operation of, forestry assets are new and untested. In China 
and Brazil, for example, we have faced social movements against plantations, which have also resulted in 
negative publicity. Competition for land (with, for example, the demands of energy and food production 
and pasture land) may also increase the price of land or restrict the availability of suitable land for 
plantations. Further, we announced in July 2008, that a federal judge in Brazil had issued a decision 
claiming that the permits issued by the State of Bahia for the operations of Stora Enso's joint operations 
company Veracel were not valid. For more information, see "Description of the Issuer – Legal 
Proceedings – Legal Proceedings in Latin America – Veracel". 
A significant portion of our employees and our suppliers' employees are members of labour unions 
and we may face labour disruptions that could interfere with our operations and have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
We are subject to the risk of labour disputes and adverse employee relations, which could disrupt our 
business operations (or the business operations of our suppliers) and adversely affect our business, 
financial condition or results of operations. The majority of our employees, and in particular employees in 
Finland, Sweden and Germany, are represented by labour unions under several collective bargaining 
agreements in the various countries in which we operate. However, organisations collectively 
representing us and other employers in our industry may not be able to renegotiate satisfactory collective 
labour agreements when they expire. Furthermore, the existing collective bargaining agreements may not 
prevent a strike or work stoppage at any of our facilities in the future, and any such work stoppage could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, 
public dissatisfaction with our labour-related decisions may, in extreme cases, lead to unanticipated 
boycotts or disruptions at our facilities. We have experienced work stoppages in the past, and, for 
example, various labour unions in Finland were on strike in 2020, which had a negative effect on our 
financial results in 2020. There can be no assurance that there will not be labour disputes and/or adverse 
employee relations in the future. 
Valuations of our financial and biological assets and liabilities could have a material adverse effect on 
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The value of certain financial assets and liabilities on our balance sheet is determined by using the fair 
value for those assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date. For publicly traded securities, the fair value 
is based upon publicly quoted market prices, whereas the fair value of financial assets and liabilities for 
which there is no publicly quoted market price is determined by our management using a variety of 
valuation techniques. For us, the largest item subject to fair valuation is the interests in Pohjolan Voima 
Oy ("PVO"). PVO is a privately owned company in Finland that produces electricity and heat for its 
shareholders, including us. The fair value of our ownership interest in PVO largely depends on the price 
of electricity and the used discount rate. As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of PVO's shares was 
EUR 900 million, as compared to EUR 394 million as at 31 December 2020. A significant decrease in the 
fair value of our financial assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition 
or results of operations. Further, due to the subjective nature of the assumptions used in estimating the fair 
value of our financial assets, any changes in the assumptions used may impact the reported fair value of 
the financial instruments.

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
 
 
The Group has biological assets in equity accounted investment companies, joint operation companies 
and in subsidiaries. Biological assets, in the form of standing trees, are accounted for under IAS 41, which 
requires that the assets are measured at fair value less the costs to sell them. Fair value is determined 
using discounted cash flows from continuous operations based on sustainable forest management plans 
taking into account the growth potential of one cycle. These discounted cash flows require estimates of 
growth, harvest, sales price and costs, and changes in these premises are included in the consolidated 
income statement, for directly owned interests and for joint operations, in the line item "Change in Net 
Value of Biological assets". For those assets shown in the consolidated statement of financial position of 
equity accounted investments, changes are included in the line item "Share of results of equity accounted 
investments". It is therefore important that the Group's joint operation companies' and the equity 
accounted investments companies' management makes appropriate estimates of future price levels and 
trends for sales and costs, and undertakes regular surveys of the forest to establish the volumes of wood 
available for cutting and their current growth rates. The value of biological assets disclosed in the Group's 
consolidated statement of financial position from subsidiary companies and from joint operations 
amounted to EUR 4,547 million as at 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: EUR 4,250 million). The 
Group's indirect share of biological assets held by equity accounted investments amounted to EUR 906 
million as at 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: EUR 778 million). A significant change in the fair 
value of our biological assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or 
results of operations. 
Reduced levels of capital expenditure may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition 
or results of operations. 
As our asset transformation is nearing completion, we have reduced the level of our capital expenditures 
and focused on selected key assets in recent years. In 2021, our capital expenditure was EUR 666 million, 
and our capital expenditure forecast for 2022 is EUR 640-680 million, but, for example, in 2020 our 
capital expenditure was lowered from an originally planned maximum amount of EUR 750 million to 
EUR 687 million as part of our profit protection programme and as part of managing the macroeconomic 
uncertainties. Reduced levels of capital expenditure may result in deterioration in the quality of our 
production facilities, which may result in higher maintenance and replacement costs in the long term. In 
addition, postponing capital expenditure may subject production facilities to a higher risk of accidents, 
result in us losing our competitive advantage and reduce the value of our production facilities. Therefore, 
long periods of reduced capital expenditure levels could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition or results of operations. 
We depend on technology and advanced information systems that may fail or be subject to disruptions. 
The integrity, reliability and operational performance of our IT systems are important to our internal and 
external communications and daily operations. Our IT systems may be damaged or interrupted by 
increases in usage, human error, damaged hardware, our suppliers' failure to follow service level 
agreements, network connection issues, cyber security issues, natural hazards or disasters or similarly 
disruptive events. Any failure of our IT systems could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could 
harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of 
operations. In addition, cyber threats and other security threats could exploit possible weaknesses in our 
IT systems and security controls, which could result in leakage of sensitive information, theft of 
intellectual property, violation of data privacy regulations, production outage or damage to our facilities, 
personnel or reputation. 
We may not be able to attract and retain key officers, managers or other key personnel, which could 
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Recruiting, retaining and developing a competent workforce and managing key talent throughout our 
global organisation are crucial to business development, for example within strategic investment projects 
and research and development, or during restructuring and redundancies due to divestments and closures. 
There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain and attract key personnel in the future and our 
inability to attract or retain an adequate number of certain key personnel could have an adverse effect on 
our business, financial condition or results of operations.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
 
 
The failure to make successful mergers and acquisitions and divestments could have a negative impact 
on our competitiveness. Additional acquisitions may also expose us to new liabilities. 
As part of our development, we may seek opportunities through mergers with, or acquisitions of, pulp and 
packaging, wood product and/or other companies to stay competitive or to enhance our position in our 
core areas of operation or to expand outside of current businesses. Risks relating to mergers and 
acquisitions include unidentified liabilities of the companies we may acquire or merge with, the possible 
inability to successfully integrate and manage acquired operations and personnel as well as the risk that 
the anticipated economies of scale or synergies do not materialise. In addition, past practices by acquired 
companies, such as in relation to pollution, competition law breaches or corruption, could result in 
additional costs for us and cause reputational damage. We may not be able to identify attractive 
acquisition or merger opportunities and might not be able to carry out acquisitions or mergers on 
attractive terms. Failure to participate in industry consolidation may have an adverse effect on our 
strategic competitive position. Regulation of merger or acquisition activity by competition authorities 
may also limit our ability to make future acquisitions or mergers. We have in the past recorded significant 
impairment charges related to goodwill or other intangible assets in connection with acquisitions and may 
be required to do so in the future in connection with any future acquisitions. 
We have made a number of divestments in recent years in order to focus our operations. We may divest 
additional mills or operations to focus on strategic areas. For example, on 29 March 2022, we announced 
that we have initiated a sales process for a possible divestment of four paper mills: Anjala in Finland, 
Hylte and Nymölla in Sweden and Maxau in Germany. Any future divestments may be affected by many 
factors that are beyond our control, such as the availability of bank financing to potential buyers, interest 
rates and competitors' capacity, and may also lead to exposure to indemnity claims. Furthermore, 
divestments may involve additional costs due to historical and unaccounted liabilities. There can be no 
assurance that we will be able to divert assets in a profitable way, or that such divestments will be 
possible on acceptable terms, or at all. The market situation may also affect our ability to accurately 
predict the length of time needed for any acquisitions or divestments. Therefore, the profitability of 
transactions may differ from our expectations, which could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition or results of operations. Any transactions may also require extensive 
management attention, which would divert the attention of our management away from the ongoing 
business. 
A fire, accident or other calamity at our production facilities could have a material adverse effect on 
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
A fire, accident or other calamity resulting in significant damage to our manufacturing facilities could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our operations 
would be interrupted if any of our production facilities were to experience a major accident or were 
forced to shut down or curtail production due to unforeseen events. Any failure to maintain high levels of 
safety management could also result in harm to our employees or contractors and communities near our 
operations as well as the environment. Impacts in addition to physical injury, health effects and 
environmental damage could include liability to employees or third parties, impairment of the Group's 
reputation, or inability to attract and retain skilled employees. Government authorities could in addition 
enforce the closure of our operations on a temporary basis. Such incidents could result in delayed delivery 
timetables and additional costs to us and there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage would 
adequately cover all such costs, if at all. Further, there can be no assurance that funding would be 
available in such circumstances to repair any unforeseen damage at our production facilities. This could 
have a material adverse effect on the quality of our products, the efficiency of our production facilities 
and our business in general. In addition, turmoil and volatility in the global financial markets may 
adversely affect the insurance market. This may result in some of the insurers in our insurance portfolio 
failing and being unable to pay their share of claims.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
 
 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
We may face high costs for compliance with and remediation activities under environmental laws and 
regulations, which would reduce profit margins and earnings. 
We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate that 
govern, among other things, wood procurement, the use of recycled material and different forms of 
production discharges and emissions. We have, from time to time, had incidents relating to, among other 
things, odours emitted from our mills, soil contamination and high levels of organic matter and mercury 
near our mills. For the year ended 31 December 2021, our environmental costs, excluding interest and 
including depreciation, were EUR 207 million, as compared to EUR 195 million in 2020. As at 31 
December 2021, our provision for environmental remediation was EUR 75 million. 
The risk of substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in industrial operations, including the 
forest products industry, and there can be no assurance that we will not incur significant costs and 
liabilities in the future in connection with our operations, mill closures or otherwise or that the adoption 
of increasingly strict environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies will not result in 
substantially increased costs and liabilities in the future. Similarly, the interpretation of the existing laws 
and regulations may change, which may require stricter controls and increase our costs. Additionally, 
certain mill sites have been in industrial use for decades and may give rise to unanticipated environmental 
liabilities as scientific knowledge, environmental laws and regulations develop. Higher regulatory, 
environmental and similar costs would reduce our profit margins and earnings. We expect to continue to 
incur significant expenditures and may face operational constraints to maintain compliance with 
applicable environmental laws, to upgrade equipment at our mills, to clean up closed sites and to meet 
new regulatory requirements. Significant increases in environmental remediation and compliance costs 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
We may be subject to product safety claims. 
Some of our paper, board and packaging products are used for, among other things, packaging food 
products. There is a risk that individuals, entities or authorities may allege that our products have 
contaminated food products, which could result in liability claims and product recalls. Although we have 
established systems to manage hygiene at the mills producing these products, there can be no assurance 
that these measures will eliminate the risk of liability claims, or that we will be able to successfully 
dispose of such claims. In addition, any failures in structural design, product selection or installation 
could result in liability claims related to our wood products. A material product liability claim, even if 
concluded in our favour, could harm our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Our governance, internal controls and compliance processes could fail to prevent regulatory penalties, 
reputational harm and fraud, both at operating subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
We operate globally and our activities span multiple jurisdictions and complex regulatory frameworks at 
a time of increased enforcement activity, increasing sanctions complexity and initiatives in areas such as 
competition law and anti-corruption. There can be no assurance that our internal control measures will 
ensure the implementation and maintenance of adequate controls over our financial reporting processes or 
sanctions or that our operational risk management procedures will detect and prevent misbehaviour by 
individual employees as well as violations at our joint ventures and other companies in which we have an 
interest, particularly if we only have a minority stake and do not control accounting or other rules and 
protocols for the conduct of business. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and other standards 
could subject us to fines, loss of operating licenses and reputational harm. 
Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, ensure compliance 
and effectively prevent and detect fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, 
our financial results could be negatively affected. Additionally, at the operational level, individual 
employees may not comply with our policies and guidelines and as a result may cause us to incur 
compliance costs and cause us reputational damage. Inadequate internal controls could also cause

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
 
 
investors and other third parties to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results 
of operations. 
The international nature of our operations expose us to the potential risk of claims, litigation and 
arbitration proceedings. Acquisitions or divestments could also give rise to litigation. In addition, we 
operate in certain countries where land and resource ownership rights could be unclear, which could give 
rise to related disputes. Claims and legal proceedings may be costly, divert management attention and 
may result in reputational damage. Any unfavourable outcome of such proceedings could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. See also "Description of the 
Issuer – Legal Proceedings". 
Risks related to social issues may harm our business. 
Risks related to social issues may harm our existing operations, the development of our investments, 
especially in growth markets, and our relationship with local stakeholders and non-governmental 
organisations. Regardless of the fact that we aim to comply with applicable laws and regulations, and that 
sustainability management, including our Environmental and Social Impact Assessments (ESIA), are an 
important part of our business practices, we are sensitive to stakeholder activism and may face campaigns 
that can have adverse consequences on sales to our customers and/or on the availability of certain raw 
materials we need in our operations and/or our ability to obtain financing.  
Human rights related issues have a material impact on our licence to operate and our reputation. We may 
encounter challenges relating to human rights issues as our strategy includes an increased focus on growth 
markets, including countries with less developed institutional, legal and political structures. There is a risk 
that our policies and procedures relating to the human rights are not properly integrated into the daily 
business in our operations and supply chains, which could result in violations of international human 
rights standards, and this may lead to reputational damage and loss of business. There is also a risk that 
we may not operate or continue our operations in markets where human rights issues persist. These 
adverse consequences may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of 
operations. Should any of the above risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition or results of operations, and cause reputational damage. 
Risks Related to Financing 
We could encounter difficulty in financing our operations, including the investments that are 
necessary to achieve our strategic plans. 
Our strategic plans continue to require significant investments. Our ability to meet these capital 
requirements depends on a number of factors, such as the availability of cash flows from operations and 
access to additional debt and equity financing, and there can be no assurance that such funds will be 
available. Our ability to refinance our debt, incur additional debt, the terms of our existing and any future 
debt and our liquidity could be affected by a number of adverse developments. Any future adverse 
developments, such as deterioration in the financial markets and a worsening of general economic 
conditions, may negatively impact our ability to borrow additional funds as well as the cost and other 
terms of the funding. For example, global financial markets have experienced, and may continue to 
experience, significant volatility and liquidity disruptions due to COVID-19 and Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine and related sanctions, which may adversely affect our funding costs and access to funding. 
Incurrence of additional debt would increase the amounts we must pay to service our debt obligations and 
could involve the imposition of restrictive covenants that could negatively impact our ability to operate in 
the desired manner. The failure to obtain sufficient funds necessary for running our operations or the 
increased costs or unfavourable terms of financing could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition or results of operations. Further, difficulties we may encounter in financing our capital 
investments may prevent the realisation of our strategic plans and could, in particular, force us to forego 
opportunities that may arise in the future. This could, in turn, have a negative impact on our competitive 
position.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
 
 
Any downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect the availability of new financing and 
increase our cost of capital. 
In November 2018, Moody's upgraded its rating for our long-term debt from Ba1 to Baa3 with stable 
outlook. The rating for our short-term debt was upgraded to P-3. In August 2018, Fitch Ratings assigned 
Stora Enso a rating of BBB- with stable outlook1. If the ratings were to be downgraded by the rating 
agencies, our cost of capital could increase. Any downgrade could also negatively affect our business and 
the availability of future financing. 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate rather than by reference to an underlying index or reference 
rate. Accordingly, investors should note that if interest rates rise, then the income payable on the Fixed 
Rate Notes might become less attractive and the price that they could realise on a sale of the Fixed Rate 
Notes may fall. However, the market price of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time has no 
effect on the total income investors receive on maturity of the Notes if they hold the Notes until the 
relevant maturity date. 
Further, inflation will reduce the real value of the Fixed Rate Notes over time, which may affect what 
investors could buy with their investment in the future and may make the fixed rate payable on the Fixed 
Rate Notes less attractive in the future, again affecting the price that they could realise on a sale of the 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes bear interest by reference to an underlying reference rate. Unlike Fixed Rate Notes, 
the interest income on Floating Rate Notes is variable and, at the time of purchase, investors are not able 
to determine a yield for Floating Rate Notes. As such, the return on investment cannot be compared with 
that of investments which have fixed interest periods. Investors are also exposed to the reinvestment risk 
of the interest income if the market interest rates decline. 
                                                             
1 According to Fitch Ratings’ rating system, the BBB rating indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low. The 
capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely 
to impair this capacity. The modifier - denotes the relative status within the major rating category. According to Moody's rating 
system, the Baa rating indicates that the obligations are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-grade and as 
such may possess speculative characteristics. The numerical modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of Moody’s relevant 
generic rating category.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
 
 
Partly-paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay 
any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of his investment. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to include a feature to convert 
the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, will affect the secondary market and 
the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, 
the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including the euro interbank offered rate 
("EURIBOR") and the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate ("STIBOR")) are the subject of national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in 
the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered 
on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other requirements of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
 
 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
established its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs in respect of an Original Reference 
Rate or other relevant reference rate and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
other successor service) becomes unavailable. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that: 
(a) 
the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with the 
application of an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive, negative or zero); and 
(b) 
may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes the Agency 
Agreement to ensure the proper operation of the new benchmark,  
all as determined by an Independent Advisor (acting in good faith), and as more fully described at 
Condition 4(b)(iv).  It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, including with 
the application of any adjustment spread), may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they 
would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. There is also a risk that 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time. 
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of 
Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to finance or refinance projects 
or activities that meet the eligibility requirements defined and detailed in the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework, March 2018. Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the 
relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of such 
proceeds for any Eligible Projects (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) will satisfy, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
 
 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Projects. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "sustainable", "social" or an equivalently-labelled project 
continues to evolve (including as a result of the introduction of the EU Taxonomy (as defined below) and 
similar classification schemes in other jurisdictions), and such Eligible Projects may not reflect these 
developments. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
"green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU 
Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) 
or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation 
of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects.    
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil 
any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by 
the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is 
only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of 
or related to, any Eligible Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Projects 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Projects. Nor can there 
be any assurance that such Eligible Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by 
the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Projects as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
 
 
Eligible Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Investors should refer to the Issuer's website and the Green Bond Framework (as further described in 
"Use of Proceeds", below) for further information. 
A judgment entered against the Issuer in English court may not be recognised or enforceable in 
Finland due to the UK leaving the EU 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transitional period agreed in the withdrawal 
agreement during which EU law continued to apply in the UK, expired on 31 December 2020. 
There is uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in Finland following Brexit. 
The Brussels I Regulation Recast (Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil 
and commercial matters), i.e. the main EU legal instrument governing jurisdiction and the enforcement of 
judgments within the EU, is no longer applicable to legal proceedings commenced in the UK after 31 
December 2020 or to judgments issued in such proceedings. As no new reciprocal agreement on 
jurisdiction and enforcement of judgments has been agreed between the UK and the EU, a judgment 
entered against the Issuer in an English court would not be recognised or enforceable in Finland without a 
re-trial on its merits. 
Additionally, in connection with Brexit, the UK has applied to accede to the Convention on jurisdiction 
and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the "Lugano 
Convention") in its own right as an independent party. Accession requires unanimous approval from all 
contracting parties, including the EU. Should the UK’s accession to the Lugano Convention be 
unanimously approved by the contracting parties, the applicable rules on jurisdiction and the enforcement 
of judgments in cross-border disputes with an UK–EU dimension will be relatively similar to those that 
were followed prior to Brexit. In other words, and as a point of departure, a judgment entered against the 
Issuer in an English court would be recognised and enforceable in Finland without a re-trial on its merits 
on the basis of the Lugano Convention. 
Risks Related to Notes Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative 
practice 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
 
 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of 
the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the 
registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by 
an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be,

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
 
 
has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by  ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for 
a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in 
the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings referred to in this Base 
Prospectus and/or the Final Terms, is set out in of this Base Prospectus and will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. 
Calculation Agent interests 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the 
market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of 
the Noteholders. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements included in this Base Prospectus may constitute "forward-looking statements". 
Forward-looking statements are all statements in this Base Prospectus that do not relate to historical facts 
and events, and include statements concerning the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, strategies and future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. The Issuer 
uses the words "may", "will", "could", "believes", "assumes", "intends", "estimates", "expects", "plans", 
"seeks", "approximately", "aims", "projects", "anticipates" or similar expressions, or the negative thereof, 
to generally identify forward looking statements. 
Forward-looking statements may be set forth in a number of places in this Base Prospectus, including 
(without limitation) in the sections "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". The Issuer has based 
these forward-looking statements on the current view with respect to future events and financial 
performance. These views involve uncertainties and are subject to certain risks, the occurrence of which 
could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in the forward-looking statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus and from past results, performance or achievements. Although the 
Issuer believes that the estimates and the projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are 
reasonable, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise or occur, including those which the 
Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's underlying assumptions prove to be 
incomplete or incorrect, the Issuer's actual results of operations may vary from those expected, estimated 
or projected. 
These forward-looking statements are made only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Except to the 
extent required by law, the Issuer is not obliged to, and does not intend to, update or revise any forward-
looking statements made in this Base Prospectus whether as a result of new information, future events or 
otherwise. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer, or persons 
acting on the Issuer's behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements 
contained throughout this Base Prospectus. As a result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, a 
prospective purchaser of the Notes should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 -
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF (www.bourse.lu) shall be incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
•
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as set out on pages 58 to 79 of the Base Prospectus dated 
25 March 2015;
https://www.storaenso.com/-/media/documents/download-center/documents/company-
information/prospectus-march-2015.pdf
•
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as set out on pages 56 to 77 of the Base Prospectus dated 
23 March 2016;
https://www.storaenso.com/-/media/documents/download-center/documents/company-
information/prospectus-march-2016.pdf
•
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as set out on pages 62 to 83 of the Base Prospectus dated 
12 April 2017;
https://www.storaenso.com/-/media/documents/download-center/documents/company-
information/prospectus-april-2017.pdf
•
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as set out on pages 64 to 85 of the Base Prospectus dated 
27 March 2018;
https://www.storaenso.com/-/media/documents/download-center/documents/company-
information/prospectus-march-2018.pdf
•
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as set out on pages 73 to 99 of the Base Prospectus dated 
21 March 2019;
https://www.storaenso.com/-/media/documents/download-center/documents/company-
information/prospectus-march-2019.pdf
•
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as set out on pages 61 to 88 of the Base Prospectus dated 
20 March 2020;
https://www.storaenso.com/-/media/documents/download-center/documents/company-
information/prospectus-march-2020.pdf
•
the terms and conditions of the Notes, as set out on pages 64 to 91 of the Base Prospectus dated 
29 April 2021;
https://www.storaenso.com/-/media/documents/download-center/documents/company-
information/prospectus-april-2021.pdf
•
the Issuer's Interim Report, January–March 2022, Q1, except for the paragraphs titled "Outlook" 
on page 1;
https://www.storaenso.com/-/media/documents/download-center/documents/interim-
reports/2022/storaenso_results_q122_eng.pdf 
•
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the 
consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
the consolidated statement of financial position, the consolidated cash flow statement and 
statement of changes in equity as well as the notes related thereto) of the Issuer as at and for the 
year ended

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 -
31 December 2021 included in the Issuer's "Financials", part of Stora Enso's Annual Report 
2021; and 
https://www.storaenso.com/-/media/documents/download-center/documents/annual-
reports/2021/storaenso_annual_report_2021.pdf   
•
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the
consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of financial position, the consolidated cash flow statement and statement
of changes in equity as well as the notes related thereto) of the Issuer as at and for the year ended
31 December 2020 included in the Issuer's "Financials", part of Stora Enso's Annual Report
2020:
https://www.storaenso.com/-/media/documents/download-center/documents/annual-
reports/2020/storaenso_annual_report_2020.pdf
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and at the following website: 
https://www.storaenso.com/en/investors/stora-enso-as-an-investment/debt-investors  
The information incorporated by reference above is available as follows:  
 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
Reference 
Interim Report, January–March 2022, Q1 
Results summary (except for the paragraphs titled "Outlook" on page 1) 
Page 1 
Key Figures 
Page 2 
CEO Comment 
Page 3 
Results 
Pages 7-8, 16 
Segments 
Pages 9-15 
Events 
Pages 17-18 
Financials 
Pages 19-31 
Financials, Part of Stora Enso's Annual Report 2021 
Non-IFRS Measures and Calculation of Key Figures 
Pages 56-57 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 58 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 58 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 59 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 60-61 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 62 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 63-111 
Auditors' Report 
Pages 124-126 
Financials, Part of Stora Enso's Annual Report 2020 
Non-IFRS Measures and Calculation of Key Figures 
Pages 19-20 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 21 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 21 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 22 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 23-24 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 25 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 26-73 
Auditors' Report 
Pages 86-88 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
 
 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the 
extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any information not incorporated by reference in the above documents does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and to the extent that only certain parts of the above documents are specified to be 
incorporated by reference herein, the non-incorporated parts of such documents are either not relevant for 
investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the office of 
the Issuer and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below), in each case at the 
address given at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available free of 
charge from the principal office in Luxembourg of Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société 
anonyme, for Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and will also be 
published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu). 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") will be in bearer form and 
will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global Note (a "Temporary Global Note") without 
receipts, interest coupons or talons, or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
Note (a "Permanent Global Note" and, together with any Temporary Global Note the "Global Notes"). 
Each Global Note which is intended to be issued as a CGN, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited with a common safekeeper (or a nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to 
the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made against presentation of the Temporary Global Note (if 
the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification 
(in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. 
persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person ("Certification"), as required by 
U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Agent. Any reference in this section "Form of the Notes" to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer and the Agent and/or 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life 
as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common 
safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after the date on which a Temporary 
Global Note is issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable in whole or in part 
(free of charge) upon a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note 
without receipts, interest coupons or talons of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Notes of the same 
Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms), in each case against Certification of beneficial ownership as described above and as 
required by U.S. treasury regulations unless such Certification has already been given. The holder of a 
Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount 
due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due Certification, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
If the Specified Denomination of the Notes stated in the final terms includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]", the Notes cannot be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes. 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a minimum denomination of less than 
EUR1,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire shares (or 
transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the Issuer or by any entity to whose group the Issuer 
belongs. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) the 
Agent as so defined shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to 
form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further 
Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
 
 
other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single 
Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form 
without any requirement for Certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange 
Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) 
the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no alternative 
clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided for or referred to in Condition 7 which would not be required were the Notes represented by a 
Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and in the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice 
to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 30 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. Temporary and Permanent Global Notes and definitive 
Notes will be authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, (if applicable) and delivered by the 
Agent on behalf of the Issuer. Global Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) having an original 
maturity of more than 365 days and on all receipts, interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes 
where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE". 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes, receipts or 
interest coupons. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9. In 
such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and 
payment has not been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of such Global Note, 
then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, holders 
of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis 
of statements of account provided by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, on and subject to the 
terms of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 12 April 2017 executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
 
 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented 
by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to 
the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a 
common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or 
common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such 
Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the 
Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the 
Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case 
of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the 
order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in 
respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a 
schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day:  In the case of a Global Note, the Payment Business Day shall be, if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment 
is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option:  In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such 
exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is 
being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent 
Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with 
the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal 
amount, at their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 13 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note or a Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note or the Temporary Global Note 
are deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
 
 
clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
 
 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 (2020 Revised Edition) OF SINGAPORE (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA") 
- [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products)].]2 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so [: 
(i) 
in the Public Offer Jurisdiction mentioned in Paragraph [8(xi)] of Part B below, provided such 
person is a Dealer or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus (as 
defined below)) and that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph 
and that any conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
                                                             
2 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
otherwise] in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in any other circumstances.] 
Final terms dated [Date] 
STORA ENSO OYJ 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 7437000ZP669LKUTZ738 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Green Bonds] 
under the Euro 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] 
No. [ ] dated [date]] [and No. [ ] dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus 
and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer (https://www.storaenso.com/en/investors/stora-enso-as-
an-investment/debt-investors). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [25 March 2015]/[23 March 2016]/[12 April 
2017]/[27 March 2018]/[21 March 2019]/[20 March 2020]/[29 April 2021] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [and the Prospectus Supplement No. [ ] dated [date]] [which 
[together] constitute] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. Copies of such documents may be obtained from the head office of the Issuer 
and the specified offices of the Paying Agents. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these 
Final Terms. The Base Prospectuses and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) and 
on the 
website of the 
Issuer 
(https://www.storaenso.com/en/investors/stora-enso-as-an-investment/debt-investors). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
(c)  
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
 
 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [   ] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•]] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
8. 
Interest Basis: (As referred to in Condition 4) 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[•] month] [EURIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: (As referred to in 
Condition 6) 
[Redemption at [par/above par]] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions (as referred to in 
Condition 4(a)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: (As referred to in 
Condition 4(a)) 
[•] per cent, per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): (As referred to 
in Condition 4(a)) 
[[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/[specify other]] 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
(As referred to in Condition 4(a)) 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
(As referred to in Condition 4(a)) 
[[•] in each year][Not Applicable] 
Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions (As referred to in 
Condition 4(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s): (As referred to in 
Condition 4(b)) 
[•] 
(b) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: (As 
referred to in Condition 4(b)) 
[•] 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: (As referred 
to in Condition 4(b)) 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): (As 
referred to in Condition 4(b)(i)) 
[•] 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: (As 
referred to in Condition 4(b)(ii)) 
[Screen Rate Determination/specify other] 
(f) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if 
not the Agent): 
[•] 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
- 
Reference Rate: (As referred to 
under Condition 4(b)(ii)) 
[•] 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
 
 
- 
Specified Time: 
[•] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent, per annum 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent, per annum 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: (As referred to 
under Condition 4(b)) 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual]; 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed); 
 
Actual/365 (sterling); 
 
Actual/360; 
 
30/360; 
 
30E/360; 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions (as referred to in 
Condition 4(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts and late payment: 
[Not Applicable/Conditions 6(g)(iii) and 6(l) apply] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Issuer Call: (As referred to in Condition 6(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount]  
 
 (i)  
Reference Bond  
[•] 
 
 (ii)  
Redemption Margin  
[•] 
 
 (iii)  
Quotation Time 
[•] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[•]

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Higher Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[•] 
16.  
Issuer Par Call: (As referred to in Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [•] (the "Par Call Period 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
 
(b) Notice Period: 
[•] 
17. 
Investor Put: (As referred to in Condition 6(e)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption Amount 
and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[•] 
18.  
Clean-up Call: (As referred to in Condition 6(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
(b)  
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(c)          Clean-up Call Amount: 
[•] per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: (As referred to in 
Conditions 6(a) and 6(d), as applicable) 
[•] per Calculation Amount] 
(Notes must be redeemed at 100 per cent. of their 
nominal value or, if so agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, at a higher amount) 
20.Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on Event of Default and/or the 
method of calculating the same (As referred to in 
Condition 6(g)): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
 
 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes only upon Exchange Event] 
22. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No].  
25. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount of 
each payment comprising the Issue Price and date 
on which each payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
27. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
For and on behalf of STORA ENSO OYJ: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be [listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on its Regulated Market]/[listed 
on [•] and admitted to trading on [•]] with effect 
from [•].[Not Applicable]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.]/ [The 
Notes to be issued have been rated:] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: [•]] 
 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH: [•]] 
 
[[Other (specify)]: [•]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[[•] [are][/][is] established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended. [•] appear(s) on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [•]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will 
be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes.] 
[Green Bonds] 
 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus] (if reasons for offer different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details). 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•]

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
 
 
5. 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/ [•] per cent.] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/STIBOR] rates and their further performance and volatility can 
be obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters/ Bloomberg/ give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance]. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
[(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
 
 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i)     Method of syndication: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers and underwriting commitments: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
(iii)    Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•] 
(iv)    Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v)  If non-syndicated, name and address of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(vi)    Total commission and concession: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(vii)   Whether TEFRA D or C Rules Applicable: [TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(viii)  Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix)      Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(x)     Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
(xi)      Non exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be 
made by the Managers [and [specify names and 
addresses of other financial intermediaries/placers 
making non-exempt offers, to the extent known OR 
consider a generic description of other parties 
involved in non-exempt offers (e.g. "other parties 
authorised by the Managers") or (if relevant) note 
that other parties may make non-exempt offers in the 
Public Offer Jurisdiction during the Offer Period, if 
not known]] (together with the Managers, the 
"Authorised Offerors") other than pursuant to 
Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation in

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
 
 
Luxembourg ("Public Offer Jurisdiction") during 
the period from [specify date] until [specify date or a 
formula such as "the Issue Date" or "the date which 
falls [ ] Business Days thereafter"] ("Offer Period"). 
9. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/Not applicable/specify] 
(ii) 
[Conditions to which the offer is subject:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(iii) 
[Time Period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will 
be open] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(iv) 
[Description of the application process]: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(v) 
[Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of the application]: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(vi) 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants]: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(vii) 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(viii) 
[Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(ix) 
[Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(x) 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(xi) 
[Process for notifying applicants of the 
amount 
allotted 
and 
an 
indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(xii) 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs 
such that it is required to disclose information 
relating to costs and charges, also include that 
information) 
(xiii) 
[Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers] 
[None/give details]

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
 
 
ANNEX – SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE 
This summary relates to [insert description of Notes] described in the final terms (the "Final Terms") to 
which this summary is annexed. Words and expressions defined in the Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this summary.

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 
[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and 
(iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to 
the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
 
 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject 
to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") . For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 (2020 Revised Edition) OF SINGAPORE (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA") 
- [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products)].]3 
Final terms dated [Date] 
STORA ENSO OYJ 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 7437000ZP669LKUTZ738 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Green Bonds] 
under the Euro 4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
                                                             
3 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior 
to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [and the Prospectus Supplement No. [ ] dated [date]] [which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Copies of such Base Prospectus may be 
obtained from the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agents. The Base 
Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.storaenso.com/en/investors/stora-enso-as-an-investment/debt-investors). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [25 March 2015]/[23 March 2016]/[12 April 
2017]/[27 March 2018]/[21 March 2019]/[20 March 2020]/[29 April 2021] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [and the 
Prospectus Supplement No. [ ] dated [date]] [which [together] constitute] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. Copies of such 
documents may be obtained from the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying 
Agents. The Base Prospectuses and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.storaenso.com/en/investors/stora-enso-as-an-investment/debt-investors). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote instructions for completing the Final Terms]. 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) Tranche: 
[•] 
 
(b) Series: 
[•] 
 
 (c)  
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interest in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [ ] below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
4. 
Issue Price 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•]]

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
 
 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount 
[•] 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
(As referred to under Condition 4) 
[[[•] month] [EURIBOR/STIBOR]+/- [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
(As referred to in Condition 6) 
[Redemption at [par/above par]] 
 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
(As referred to under Condition 6) 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions (As referred 
to under Condition 4a) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
(As referred to under Condition 
4(a)) 
[•] per cent, per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
(As referred to under Condition 
4(a)) 
[[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(As referred to in Condition 4(a)) 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
(As referred to in Condition 
[[•] in each year][Not Applicable]

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
 
 
4(a)(i)) 
NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions (as 
referred to under Condition 4(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s): 
(as referred to in Condition 4(b)) 
[•] 
(b) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
(as referred to in Condition 4(b)) 
[•] 
(c) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
(as referred to in Condition 4(b)) 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
(as referred to in Condition 
4(b)(i)) 
[•]  
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be 
determined: 
(as referred to in Condition 
4(b)(ii)) 
[Screen Rate Determination/specify other] 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[•] 
(h) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
(as referred to in Condition 
4(b)(ii)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[•] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
– 
Specified Time: 
[•] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual; 
 
(As referred to under Condition 4(b)) 
Actual/365 (Fixed); 
 
Actual/365 (sterling);

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Actual/360; 
 
30/360; 
 
30E/360; 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(As referred to under Condition 4(c)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[Not Applicable/Conditions 6(g)(iii) and 6(l) apply] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(as referred to in Condition 6(c)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount]  
 
(i)   Reference Bond:  
[•] 
   
(ii)  Redemption Margin:  
[•] 
   
(iii) Quotation Time 
[•] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
(ii) Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions) 
[•]

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
 
 
16.         Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
              (as referred to in Condition 6(d)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
              (a)          Par Call Period: 
From and (including) [•] (the "Par Call Period 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
              (b)          Notice Period: 
[•] 
17. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(as referred to in Condition 6(e)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[•] 
18.  
Clean-up Call: 
 
(as referred to in Condition 6(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(b)  
Notice period: 
[•] 
(c)          Clean-up Call Amount: 
[•] per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
19. 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
(as referred to in Conditions 6(a) and 
6(d)) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
(Notes must be redeemed at 100 per cent. of their 
nominal value or, if so agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, at a higher amount) 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
Event of Default and/or the method of 
calculating 
the 
same: 
(as referred to in Condition 6(g)) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes only on an Exchange Event.] 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date.] 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
22. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
 
 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
25. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
26. 
Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
For and on behalf of STORA ENSO OYJ: 
By: 
_________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be [listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on its Regulated Market]/[listed 
on [•] and admitted to trading on [•]] with effect 
from [•].[Not Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated]/[The 
Notes to be issued have been rated:] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited:[•]] 
 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH: [•]] 
 
[[(specify)]; [•]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[[•] [are][/][is] established in the [EEA] and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended. [•] appear(s) on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [•]] payable to the [Managers/Dealer(s)], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER  
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will 
be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes.] 
[Green Bonds.]

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
 
 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus] (if reasons for offer different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details ).] 
(ii)      Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
5. 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/ [•] per cent.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and 
addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•] 
[(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i)  
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii)  
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii)  
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv)  
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
Whether TEFRA D or C 
Rules applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions" or the 
"Conditions") to be issued which will be incorporated by reference into each global Note and each 
definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so 
permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms 
and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, 
attached to, or incorporated by reference in each Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note and 
definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" above for a description of the content 
of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Stora Enso Oyj (the "Issuer") pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any Global Note. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) also have the benefit of 
an amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 12 April 2017 and made between the 
Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the 
"Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 
the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons 
("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to "Coupons" or "coupons" shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to "Talons" or "talons". Definitive Notes repayable 
in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the 
final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Coupons, Talons or Receipts attached on 
issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). 
References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) which are attached to, incorporated by reference in, or endorsed on this Note. The 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Any reference herein to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the 
Notes, and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. 
Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein 
to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in 
all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
 
 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 12 April 2017 and made by the Issuer. The original of the 
Deed of Covenant is held by a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, on behalf 
of Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agent and the other Paying Agents or 
(ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent 
and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms (if this Note is a listed Note) are available for viewing at 
www.bourse.lu and copies may be obtained from the office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents save that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to 
the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms and the Deed 
of Covenant which are applicable to them. The statements in the Terms and Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, "Euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be an Instalment Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the 
Replacement Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) and any Paying Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held, on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), the bearer of the 
relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
 
 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and 
the Agent and specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and 
the Agent. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain debts required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the Issuer 
undertakes that if it shall, or any Principal Subsidiary shall, in the future, secure any Relevant Obligation 
now or hereafter existing, by any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance upon any of the 
present or future revenues, properties or assets of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary, the Issuer shall 
procure that the Notes and the relative Receipts and Coupons shall be secured by such mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien or other encumbrance equally and rateably with such Relevant Obligation or such other 
security for the Notes and the relative Receipts and Coupons shall be provided as shall be approved by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
As used in these Conditions: 
(i) 
"Principal Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of 
the Issuer other than Stora Enso (Guangxi) Packaging Company Ltd., Stora Enso 
(Guangxi) Forestry Company Ltd., Guangxi Stora Enso Forestry Co Ltd. and any other 
Subsidiary incorporated in China that may from time to time be established solely for the 
purposes of the construction, development or operation of the project in Guangxi, China: 
(A) 
whose net sales attributable to the Issuer (consolidated in the case of a 
Subsidiary which itself has subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in 
the case of a Subsidiary which itself has subsidiaries) represent not less than 10 
per cent, of the consolidated net sales attributable to the shareholders of the 
Issuer, or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the 
then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; or 
(B) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking 
and assets of a Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a 
Principal Subsidiary, 
all as more particularly described in the Agency Agreement; and 
(ii) 
"Relevant Obligation" means any loan, debt or other obligation for borrowed moneys 
of the Issuer or the relevant Principal Subsidiary (excluding any such obligation arising 
in respect of the purchase of goods in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer or the 
relevant Principal Subsidiary) which is (A) initially offered, as to at least 50 per cent, of 
the principal amount thereof, to non-residents of Finland and (B) is in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities 
which for the time being are, or are intended to be, or are capable or being, quoted, 
listed, dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over the counter or other securities 
market (for which purpose any such obligation shall be deemed not to be capable of

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
 
 
being quoted, listed, dealt in or traded as aforesaid if the terms of its issue expressly so 
provide). 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to and including 
the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note 
(or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
"Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
 
 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (Ms – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
In the Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
Euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and such interest will be payable in arrear 
on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in the Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(i)(B) above, the "Floating Rate Convention", such 
Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (ii) in the case of (y), above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; 
or 
(2) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which 
event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
In the Conditions, "Business Day" means (unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final 
Terms) a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
Euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London and any 
Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars shall be Sydney and if New Zealand dollars shall be Auckland) or (2) in

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
 
 
relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System 
(the "TARGET2 System") is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest – Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4(b)(iv) as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time, in the case of EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, the 
"Specified Time") on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of Condition (B)(i) above, 
no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition (B)(ii) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the 
preceding paragraph, the Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide 
the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent by the Reference Banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro Zone inter bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) 
or the Stockholm interbank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in the Euro Zone inter bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) 
or the Stockholm interbank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
 
 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR or STIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If the Rate of cannot be determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, 
the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 
4(b)(iv) below. 
In these Conditions, "Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market and, in the case of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four 
major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph-(ii) above is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 4, if the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Agent or such other persons specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s)) 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference 
Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply: 
(A) 
Independent Advisor: The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable to determine (acting in 
good faith): 
(a) 
a Successor Reference Rate;  
(b) 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate,  
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments 
(each as defined and further described below) no later than five Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date"), for the purposes of

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
 
 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest 
Period and for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 4(b)(iv) during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(B)  
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate: If the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith) determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Reference Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 4(b)(iv)(C)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent further operation of this Condition 4(b)(iv)); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Reference Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Reference Rate then such Alternative Reference Rate (as adjusted by 
the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 
4(b)(iv)(C)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation this Condition 
4(b)(iv). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread: if a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iv)(B), the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified 
quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (and for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may 
be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the 
case may be for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest 
(or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable)), subject to the subsequent further 
operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 4(b)(iv).  
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Reference Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4(b)(iv), the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) may 
determine that: 
(a)  
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Reference 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (provided 
that such amendments do not, without the consent of the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend 
the rights and/or protective provisions afforded to it (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"); and 
(b)  
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice therefore in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(iv), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
 
 
At the request of the Issuer, the Agents and the Calculation Agent shall (at the 
Issuer’s expense and direction), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the 
Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments required to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(E) 
Notices etc.: The Issuer shall no later than the IA Determination Cut-off Date 
notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents and promptly thereafter notify, 
in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders of any Successor Reference 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(b)(iv). Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
(F)  
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the 
Issuer under this Condition 4(b)(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(iv) will continue to apply 
unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable) has been notified of the Successor Reference Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be), the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(iv)(F). 
(G)  
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to 
the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iv) prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-Off Date and the Relevant Screen Page is no longer available for use, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period (which may be the initial Rate of Interest) 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest was 
determined, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4(b)(iv)shall apply to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant immediately following 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
4(b)(iv). 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith) determines is required to be applied to the Successor Reference

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
 
Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
(a)  
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for the parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b)  
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in 
the case of an Alternative Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d)  
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith) determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as the case 
may be). 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate (and related alternative screen page or 
source, if available) that the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(iv) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent 
Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a)  
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to be calculated, administered and published; or 
(b)  
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will, on or before a specified 
future date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (B) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(A); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d)  
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate that the relevant Reference Rate will, on or 
before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the 
date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (d)(A);

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which, by a 
specified date, the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either 
generally or in respect of the Notes in each case on or before a specified date and 
(B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(A); or 
(f)  
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that, in the view of 
such supervisor the Original Reference Rate is or will on or before a specified 
date no longer be representative of an underlying market and (B) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (f)(A); or 
(g)  
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant 
experience in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer 
at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed 
pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iv) shall act in good faith and (in the absence of bad 
faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agents, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 4(b)(iv). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any 
Interest Periods(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such 
originally-specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently 
occurs in respect of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the 
term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a)  
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which the 
reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
"Successor Reference Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate or, where a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
has been determined pursuant to Condition 4(b)(iv)(B), such Successor Reference Rate

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
 
 
or Alternative Reference Rate, as applicable, which is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)  
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)  
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)  
 
360  
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no 
later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4(b), whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in 
the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Agent or if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable and is not paid when due, the amount 
due and repayable shall be the amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(b) and notified 
in accordance with Condition 4(b)(v), mutatis mutandis. 
(d) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance with 
Condition 13 or individually. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, or if New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Auckland); and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a Euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only against presentation and surrender (or in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest 
in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) 
above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for 
payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Note to which it appertains. 
Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid 
obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of 
any Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, 
will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record 
shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the payment obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by 
such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of Notes is 
payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such 
Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payment Day

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
 
 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. For these purposes "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to 
Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
in relation to any definitive Notes only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than the place of presentation, London and any Additional Financial 
Centre and which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney or, if 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Auckland) or in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(f) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (in 
the case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent and in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined 
in Condition 7), or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6(g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days (in the case of Notes in definitive form), seven days (in the case of 
Notes in global form) or such other period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be 
subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the 
Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all 
such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the 
Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. If applicable, any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Higher Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms is the "Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount", the amount payable on the relevant Optional Redemption Date will be 
the higher of: 
(i) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed; 
and

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
the sum of the net present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the 
Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes 
(exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) and such present 
values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the date of 
redemption on an annual basis (in accordance with the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate plus the 
Redemption Margin, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, all as 
determined by the Determination Agent . 
In this Condition 6(c): 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency 
is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes (or, if a Par Call 
Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the Par Call 
Commencement Date), that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes (or, if a 
Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the Par 
Call Commencement Date); 
"Determination Agent" means a leading investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if 
the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to 
maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such date of redemption; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, 
or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted 
in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of 
scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note 
(or, if Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining 
term up to the Par Call Period Commencement Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms)

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
 
 
determined on the basis of the Rate of Interest applicable to such Note from and including the 
date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(c). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the 
period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for redemption 
pursuant to this paragraph and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes 
then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Par Call Period specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to and in accordance with, 
the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms in whole (but not in part) such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. It may be that before an Investor Put 
can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where 
relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put 
Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be 
made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied 
by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following 
delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a 
Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given 
on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them 
to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time 
present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation 
accordingly.

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6(e) shall 
be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6(e) and instead to declare such 
Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
(f) 
Clean -up Call Option 
If the Clean-up Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the event that 
Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 75 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes (or such other Clean-up Call Amount as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer (other than as a result of 
the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer (Issuer Call))) the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the 
remaining Notes in that Series at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6(b) above and Condition 9, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note 
and a Partly Paid Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or 
greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in 
which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 
360. 
(h) 
Instalments 
If the Notes are repayable in instalments, they will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and 
on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of early redemption, 
the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 6(g) above.

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Partly Paid Notes 
If the Notes are Partly Paid Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, they 
will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 6 and the applicable Final Terms. 
(j) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may, subject as provided in the next paragraph, at any time purchase Notes (provided 
that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6(j) above (together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and 
cannot be reissued or resold. 
(l) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, if the amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6(a), (b), (c) or 
(e) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly 
withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be 
the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6(g)(iii) above as though the references therein to 
the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due 
and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of 
the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5(e)); or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, or any law or regulation implementing an 
intergovernmental agreement between a non-U.S. jurisdiction and the United States with 
respect to the foregoing. 
As used herein, 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period 
of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(i) 
default is made in the payment of any principal of any of the Notes for a period of seven 
days or of any interest in respect of any of the Notes for a period of 15 days after written 
notice of such default, given by the holder of such Note, has been received by the Agent 
on behalf of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary is adjudicated or found insolvent by any 
competent court; or 
(iii) 
winding up, insolvency, administration or moratorium proceedings are instituted against 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary and are not dismissed or stayed within 30 days 
after institution, or the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary applies for institution of such 
proceedings, or makes an arrangement for the benefit of its creditors; or 
(iv) 
any order is made by any competent court, or any resolution is passed by the Issuer or 
any Principal Subsidiary to apply, for judicial composition or administration proceedings 
with its creditors or for the appointment of a receiver or administrator or other similar 
official in insolvency or administration proceedings in relation to the Issuer or any 
Principal Subsidiary or a substantial part of the assets of the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary's assets, except for any winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or other similar 
proceedings involving a Principal Subsidiary while solvent; or 
(v) 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary stops or threatens to stop payment or is wound up 
or dissolved (except for the purposes of a merger, demerger or solvent liquidation (or 
other similar arrangement) in which any Principal Subsidiary merges with or demerges 
into any other Subsidiary of the Issuer or is wound-up or dissolved while solvent) or

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
 
ceases to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business or is unable to pay 
its debts as they fall due; or 
(vi) 
any Indebtedness in an aggregate amount of at least €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency or currencies) for borrowed money of the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary (including Indebtedness arising under a guarantee for borrowed money) 
becomes repayable prior to the due date for repayment thereof by reason of a default by 
the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary and any steps are taken to obtain repayment or any 
such Indebtedness is not repaid on such due date as extended by any applicable grace 
period therefor (unless the Issuer or the relevant Principal Subsidiary is contesting in 
good faith the fact that such indebtedness has become so repayable or has not been 
repaid) or any security granted in respect of such indebtedness is enforced on behalf of 
or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto (except for any enforcement which is frivolous or 
vexatious and is dismissed within 30 days); or 
(vii) 
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any obligation, 
condition or provision binding on it under the Notes or the Agency Agreement insofar as 
it relates to the Notes (other than any obligation for the payment of any principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes) and such default continues for 30 days after written 
notice thereof has been given by any holder of a Note to the Agent on behalf of the 
Issuer requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(viii) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment is made in Finland whereby the Issuer will 
or would, but for the provisions of this sub-paragraph-(viii), be prevented from 
observing or performing in full its obligations under the Notes and these circumstances 
are not cured within three months of the making of such order, decree or enactment, 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Note held by it to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its 
Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
For the purpose of paragraph (vi) above, (a) "Indebtedness" means any bonds, debentures, notes 
or other instruments of indebtedness or any other loan indebtedness, and (b) any Indebtedness 
which is in a currency other than Euro shall be translated into Euro at the "spot" rate for the sale 
of the Euro against the purchase of the relevant currency as quoted by the Agent on the calendar 
day in London corresponding to the calendar day on which such premature repayment becomes 
due or, as the case may be, such default occurs (or, if for any reason such a rate is not available 
on that day, on the earliest possible date thereafter). 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Replacement Agent, subject to relevant stock 
exchange requirements and all applicable laws, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons 
or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified 
offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Paying Agent acts, provided that:

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(ii) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph-of Condition 5(d). Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any 
entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to 
which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 8. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) on which the 
final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (ii) if and for so long as 
the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such publication in a 
newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or the 
Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in 
all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Notes on the seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
 
any holder of a Note to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 
five per cent, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per 
cent, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority, in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the 
Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders to create and issue further notes ranking pari passu in all 
respects and having the same Terms and Conditions (save for their Issue Date, Interest 
Commencement Date, Issue Price and/or the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon), and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with, the 
outstanding Notes. 
16. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
Governing law and submission to jurisdiction

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the 
Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipt 
and/or the Coupons) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as 
"Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the 
laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition 17 shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or 
not. 
The Issuer appoints Stora Enso UK Limited at its registered office at 56 Bermondsey Street, The 
Woolyard, London, SE1 3UD as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event 
of Stora Enso UK Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons any right to claim sovereign or other 
immunity from jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and 
unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including without 
limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective 
of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment made or given in connection with any 
Proceedings.

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which includes making a profit, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds from an 
offer of Notes specifically to finance or refinance projects or activities that meet the eligibility 
requirements defined and detailed in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, March 2018 (the "Green Bond 
Framework"), which is available to view on the Issuer’s website ("Eligible Projects"). Such Notes may 
also be referred to as "Green Bonds". 
To be eligible for Green Bond proceeds, targeted projects must fall within one of the following eligible 
categories:  
(i) Sustainable Forest Management;  
(ii) Renewable, Low-Carbon and Eco-Efficient Products, Product Technologies and Processes;  
(iii) Energy Efficiency;  
(iv) Renewable Energy and Waste to Energy;  
(v) Sustainable Water Management; or  
(vi) Waste Management and Pollution Control.  
The Green Bond Framework is based on and aligned with the 2017 version of the Green Bond Principles 
published by the International Capital Markets Association. To confirm such alignment, the Issuer has 
commissioned Sustainalytics as an external reviewer to provide a second-party opinion on the framework. 
The Green Bond Framework, Sustainalytics second party opinion and information on the Eligible Projects 
are published on the Issuer's website at www.storaenso.com/greenbonds.  
The Issuer may amend or update the Green Bond Framework in the future. Any changes to the Green 
Bond Framework will be publicly announced on the Issuer's website. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green Bond Framework, Sustainalytics second party opinion and 
information on the Eligible Projects on the Issuer's website are not incorporated by reference into, and do 
not form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil 
any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion or certification was 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. See further 
information under the risk factor above headed, "Risk Factors - In respect of any Notes issued with a 
specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will 
be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor".

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview  
Stora Enso Oyj ("Stora Enso" or the "Company" and with its subsidiaries, the "Group") is a leading 
global provider of renewable solutions in packaging, biomaterials, wooden construction and paper. The 
Group's customers include packaging producers, brand owners, paper and board producers, publishers, 
retailers, printing houses, converters and joinery and construction companies. Its aim is to replace fossil-
based materials by innovating and developing new products and services based on wood and other 
renewable materials. Today, Stora Enso's solutions are found in such segments as building, retail, food 
and beverages, manufacturing, publishing, pharmaceutical, cosmetics, confectionary, hygiene and 
textiles. The Group's sales totalled EUR 10.2 billion in 2021, with an operating profit of EUR 1.6 billion. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 22,094 employees and an annual production capacity of 5.9 
million tonnes of chemical pulp, 2.3 million tonnes of paper, 5.3 million tonnes of consumer board and 
containerboard, 1.3 billion square metres of corrugated packaging and 5.8 million cubic metres of sawn 
wood products. Stora Enso's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Nasdaq Stockholm AB. 
Stora Enso's reporting segments are Packaging Materials, Packaging Solutions, Biomaterials, Wood 
Products, Forest, Paper and Other. Stora Enso's six divisions are Packaging Materials, Packaging 
Solutions, Biomaterials, Wood Products, Forest and Paper. 
Stora Enso Oyj is a public limited liability company and was incorporated for an unlimited duration under 
the Finnish Companies Act and is domiciled in the City of Helsinki. It was registered with the Finnish 
Trade Register on 1 May 1996 with business identity code 1039050-8. The Issuer operates under the laws 
of Finland. The Issuer's legal entity identifier (LEI) is: 7437000ZP669LKUTZ738. The registered office 
of Stora Enso Oyj is at Salmisaarenaukio 2, FI-00180 Helsinki, Finland, and its telephone number is +358 
20 46 131. 
The Company's Objects 
Article 1 Section 2 of the Company's Articles of Association sets out the Company's objects. The objects 
comprise operating, directly or through subsidiaries and associated companies, in the forest, engineering 
and chemical industries and other manufacturing industries; engaging in agriculture, forestry and 
merchant shipping, as well as in mining industry, supply of hydro-power, building of hydro-electric 
facilities and financing. The Company may also engage in the sale of know-how and services in its own 
field of operations and carry out construction, operational, marketing and other corresponding 
assignments both in Finland and abroad. 
Share Capital 
As at 31 December 2021, the Company's fully paid-up share capital entered in the Finnish Trade Register 
was EUR 1,342 million. 
The Company's shares are divided into A and R shares. The A and R shares entitle holders to the same 
dividend but different voting rights. Each A share and each ten R shares carry one vote at a shareholders' 
meeting. However, each shareholder has at least one vote. 
As at 31 December 2021, Stora Enso had 176,244,049 A shares and 612,375,938 R shares in issue, of 
which the Company held no A shares or R shares. The total number of Stora Enso shares in issue was 
788,619,987 and the total number of votes was at least 237,481,642. 
On 17 January 2022, Stora Enso announced that a total of 705 A Shares were converted into R shares 
during the 1–31 December 2021 conversion period. The shares were recorded in the Finnish Trade 
Register on 17 January 2021, and trading in the new shares commenced on 18 January 2021. 
On 15 February 2022, Stora Enso announced that a total of 1,272 A shares were converted into R shares 
during the 1–31 January 2022 conversion period. The shares were recorded in the Finnish Trade Register 
on 15 February 2022, and trading in the new shares commenced on 16 February 2022.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
 
On 14 April 2022, Stora Enso announced that a total of 1,835 A shares were converted into R shares 
during the 1 February – 31 March 2022 conversion period. The shares were recorded in the Finnish Trade 
Register on 14 April 2022, and trading in the new shares commenced on 19 April 2022. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Stora Enso has 176,240,237 A shares and 612,379,750 R shares in 
issue. 
Shareholders 
As at 31 December 2021, 673,885,001 shares were registered in Euroclear Finland Ltd, 100,916,291 in 
Euroclear Sweden AB and 13,818,695 in American depositary receipt ("ADR") form in Citibank, N.A. 
Shares registered in Euroclear Sweden AB and ADRs are nominee-registered in Euroclear Finland Ltd. 
As at 31 December 2021, approximately 49.6 per cent. of the Company's shares were registered in the 
name of a nominee. Each nominee register is entered in the share register as one shareholder. 
As at 31 December 2021, the two largest shareholders of the Company were Solidium (10.7 per cent. of 
shares and 27.3 per cent. of votes) and FAM (10.2 per cent. of shares and 27.3 per cent. of votes). 
The following table sets forth the Company's major shareholders as at 31 December 2021: 
By voting power 
A shares 
R shares 
Percentage 
of shares 
Percentage of 
votes 
1 
Solidium(1) .........................................................  
62,655,036 
21,792,540 
10.7 
27.3 
2 
FAM AB(2).........................................................  
63,123,386 
17,000,000 
10.2 
27.3 
3 
Social Insurance Institution of Finland ....................  
23,825,086 
– 
3.0 
10.0 
4 
Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company .........  
4,172,492 
17,749,856 
2.8 
2.5 
5 
Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company .............  
5,163,018 
1,140,874 
0.8 
2.2 
6 
MP-Bolagen i Vetlanda AB...................................  
4,885,000 
1,000,000 
0.7 
2.1 
7 
Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company..................  
2,000,000 
7,441,225 
1.2 
1.2 
8 
Erik Johan Ljungberg's Education Foundation ..........  
1,780,540 
2,336,224 
0.5 
0.8 
9 
SEB Investment Management................................  
– 
9,919,387 
1.3 
0.4 
10 
Bergslaget's Healthcare Foundation ........................  
626,269 
1,609,483 
0.3 
0.3 
11 
The State Pension Fund ........................................  
– 
5,000,000 
0.6 
0.2 
12 
Unionen (Swedish trade union) ..............................  
– 
3,332,750 
0.4 
0.1 
13 
The Society of Swedish Literature in Finland ...........  
– 
3,000,000 
0.4 
0.1 
14 
Avanza Pension Insurance ....................................  
146,151 
1,324,521 
0.2 
0.1 
15 
SEB AB, Luxembourg Branch...............................  
2,177 
2,071,635 
0.3 
0.1 
Total...........................................................................  
163,379,155 
94,718,495 
33.4(3) 
74.9(3) 
Nominee-registered shares(4)............................................  
75,090,688 
483,768,342 
70.9(3) 
52.0(3) 
 
 
(1) 
Entirely owned by the Finnish State. 
(2) 
As confirmed to Stora Enso. 
(3) 
As some of the shareholdings on the list are nominee registered, the percentage figures do not add up to 100 per cent. 
(4) 
As registered with Euroclear Finland Ltd. 
 
The list has been compiled by the Company on the basis of shareholder information obtained from 
Euroclear Finland Ltd, Euroclear Sweden AB and a database managed by Citibank N.A. This information 
includes only directly registered holdings, thus certain holdings (which may be substantial) of ordinary 
shares and ADRs held in nominee or brokerage accounts cannot be included. The list is therefore 
incomplete. 
Legal Structure 
Stora Enso Oyj is the parent company of the Group. For information on the Company's 50 principal 
operating subsidiary undertakings, see note 30 to the Company's consolidated financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
 
 
Business Divisions 
Overview 
As of 1 January 2020, Stora Enso merged its containerboard business in the Packaging Solutions division 
with the Consumer Board division, creating a new Packaging Materials division. Stora Enso also 
established a new Forest division as of 1 January 2020. 
Following the above described changes in the organisational structure, the Group's current reporting 
segments are Packaging Materials, Packaging Solutions, Biomaterials, Wood Products, Forest, Paper and 
Other. The Group's six divisions are Packaging Materials, Packaging Solutions, Biomaterials, Wood 
Products, Forest and Paper. All of the divisions report directly to Stora Enso's Chief Executive Officer. 
 
Sales by Destination 
(€ million) 
2021 
2020 
Europe .................................................................................................................................. 
7,096 
6,166 
Australia/New Zealand............................................................................................................. 
146 
129 
Brazil.................................................................................................................................... 
41 
53 
China (including Hong Kong).................................................................................................... 
1,183 
860 
Japan .................................................................................................................................... 
316 
242 
Middle East ........................................................................................................................... 
252 
220 
Uruguay ................................................................................................................................ 
28 
27 
United States.......................................................................................................................... 
320 
252 
Others................................................................................................................................... 
782 
606 
Total Operations ..................................................................................................................... 
10,164 
8,553 
Packaging Materials 
Stora Enso's Packaging Materials division aims to lead the development of circular packaging, providing 
premium packaging materials based on virgin and recycled fibre. Addressing the needs of today’s eco-
conscious consumers, Stora Enso helps customers replace fossil-based materials with low-carbon, 
renewable and recyclable alternatives for their food and drink, pharmaceutical or transport packaging. A 
wide selection of barrier coatings enables design optimisation for various demanding packaging end-uses. 
The Packaging Materials division operates nine mills located in Finland, Sweden, Poland and China. 
Packaging Solutions 
Stora Enso's Packaging Solutions division develops and sells premium fibre-based packaging products 
and services. Stora Enso's high-end eco-friendly packaging products are used by leading brands across 
multiple market sectors, including the retail, e-commerce and industrial sectors. The portfolio includes 
converting corrugated board and cartonboard, and converting new materials such as formed fiber and 
wood foams, as well as design and sustainability services, and circular and automation solutions. The 
packaging converting plants are located in eight countries in Europe and Asia. 
Biomaterials 
Stora Enso's Biomaterials division meets the growing demand for bio-based solutions to replace fossil- 
based and hazardous materials. Stora Enso uses all fractions of biomass, such as lignin, to develop new 
solutions. Stora Enso's work to replace fossil-based materials includes novel applications such as carbon 
for energy storage, bio-based binders and bio-based carbon fiber. Stora Enso's pulp offering encompasses 
a wide variety of grades to meet the demands of paper, board, tissue and hygiene product producers, as 
well as materials from process side streams, such as tall oil and turpentine from biomass. The 
Biomaterials division has a global presence with operations in Brazil, Finland, Sweden and Uruguay. 
Wood Products 
Stora Enso's Wood Products division is one of the largest sawnwood producers in Europe and a leading 
provider of sustainable wood-based solutions for the construction industry globally. The growing 
Building Solutions business offers building concepts to support low-carbon construction and eco-friendly 
designs. Stora Enso develops digital tools to simplify the design and construction of building projects

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
 
 
with wood. In addition, Stora Enso offers applications for windows, doors and packaging industries, as 
well as pellets for sustainable heating solutions. The Wood Products division has 18 production units in 
Europe and it serves customers globally. 
Forest 
Stora Enso's Forest division creates value through sustainable forest management, competitive wood 
supply and innovation. Forests are the foundation for Stora Enso’s renewable offerings. The division 
manages Stora Enso’s forest assets in Sweden and a 41 per cent. share of Tornator, whose forest assets 
are mainly located in Finland. It is also responsible for wood sourcing for Stora Enso’s Nordic, Baltic and 
Russian operations and business-to-business customers. Stora Enso is one of the biggest private forest 
owners in the world. On 2 March 2022, Stora Enso announced that it would stop all imports from Russia 
until further notice due to the ongoing invasion in Ukraine. 
Paper 
Stora Enso's Paper division is one of the major paper producers in Europe, with an established customer 
base and a wide product portfolio for print and office use. Customers benefit from Stora Enso's selection 
of paper grades made from recycled and virgin fibre, its technical and operational expertise and 
sustainability know-how, and its sales and customer service centre network. The Paper division has five 
paper mills with nine production lines in Europe. On 29 March 2022, Stora Enso announced that it has 
initiated a sales process for a possible divestment of four paper mills: Anjala in Finland, Hylte and 
Nymölla in Sweden and Maxau in Germany. Stora Enso’s Langerbrugge mill in Belgium will be retained 
within the Group. In line with Stora Enso’s strategy, paper is not a strategic growth area for the Group.  
The intention of the divestment is aligned with the Group’s strategy to focus on long term growth 
potential for its renewable products in packaging, building solutions and biomaterials innovations. 
Other 
The segment Other includes Stora Enso's shareholding in PVO, a privately owned company in Finland 
that produces electricity and heat for its shareholders, and the Group’s shared services and administration. 
Financial Targets 
Stora Enso has, as part of its overall business strategy, set itself the following long-term financial targets: 
● 
at the Group level, distributing an annual dividend of 50 per cent. of earnings per share 
excluding fair valuation over the cycle; 
● 
at the Group level, over 5 per cent. growth per annum (excluding Paper); 
● 
at the Group level, net debt to operational EBITDA ratio of less than 2; 
● 
at the Group level, net debt to equity ratio of less than 60 per cent.; 
● 
at the Group level, operational return on capital employed ("ROCE") excluding Forest of more 
than 13 per cent.; 
● 
Stora Enso has set operational return on operating capital ("ROOC") targets for all divisions, 
except for Forest, where the long-term target is set as operational ROCE, and Paper, where the 
long-term target is set as cash flow after investing activities to sales. The long-term operational 
ROOC percentage targets are over 20 per cent. for Packaging Materials, over 25 per cent. for 
Packaging Solutions, over 15 per cent. for Biomaterials and over 20 per cent. for Wood Products. 
The long-term operational ROCE target for Forest is over 3.5 per cent. including deferred tax 
liabilities and the long-term cash flow after investing activities to sales target is over 7 per cent. 
for Paper. 
These financial targets are not guarantees of future financial performance. Stora Enso's actual results of 
operations could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these targets as a result of many 
factors, including but not limited to described under "Risk Factors". Any targets discussed herein are

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
 
 
targets only and are not, and should not viewed as, forecasts, projections, estimates or views of the Stora 
Enso's future performance. 
Trends 
Global megatrends are expected to drive the demand for renewable materials and underpin Stora Enso’s 
growth opportunities. The following are some examples of the long-term opportunities these trends are 
expected to create for Stora Enso: 
● 
Eco-awareness: Climate change requires the use of natural resources more efficiently, and more 
and more consumers demand sustainable products. Investors and other financial institutions are 
increasingly considering companies’ impacts on climate change and biodiversity in their 
investment strategies. Policy makers and regulators are shaping regulation to mitigate and adapt 
to climate change and to halt biodiversity loss. 
● 
Digitalisation: Technology development is expected to drive change in business models, 
productivity and manufacturing. Stora Enso’s digitalisation programme aims to increase safety 
and efficiency in its operations as well as to develop new innovative services and ways of doing 
business. One of Stora Enso’s focus areas includes creating new digital services for customers to 
extend the lifetime of the products they purchase from Stora Enso. For example, Stora Enso has 
co-created a large sized internet of things sensor technology which can detect moisture and strain 
in building materials. Digitalisation also enables certified traceability systems which trace the 
origin of Stora Enso’s raw materials. Stora Enso works to increase and invest in precision 
forestry and digitalisation for forest growth and more accurate forest planning, and in tree 
breeding for future-fit forests. 
● 
Demographic changes: Demographic development can change demand for products and 
materials. Ongoing global changes in demographics include an ageing population, driving 
demand for hygiene and tissue products and pharms. A growing global middle class increases 
consumption and demand for premium goods, and urbanisation is affecting building models. 
Close to 68 per cent. of the population is expected to live in urban areas by 2050, which is 
expected to create significant opportunities for more sustainable living. (Source: United Nations, 
2018 Revision of World Urbanization Prospects, 2018.) Fulfilling these needs requires a more 
conscientious and circular approach to material use as well as sustainable, user-friendly and 
intelligent packaging solutions. 
Recent Developments 
Plans to Divest Four Paper Mills Located in Finland, Sweden and Germany 
On 29 March 2022, Stora Enso announced that it has initiated a sales process for a possible divestment of 
four paper mills: Anjala in Finland, Hylte and Nymölla in Sweden and Maxau in Germany. Stora Enso’s 
Langerbrugge mill in Belgium will be retained within the Group. In line with Stora Enso’s strategy, paper 
is not a strategic growth area for the Group.  The divestment intent is aligned with the Group’s strategy to 
focus on long term growth potential for its renewable products in packaging, building solutions and 
biomaterials innovations. The four paper mills are subject to divestment in one or a series of transactions. 
Stora Enso has not committed to a deadline for the conclusion of the divestment process. The initiated 
sales process has no immediate effect on Stora Enso's paper operations that continue to serve their 
respective customers. 
Discontinuation of Production and Sales in Russia 
On 2 March 2022, Stora Enso announced that it would stop all production and sales in Russia until further 
notice due to the ongoing invasion in Ukraine. Stora Enso has three corrugated packaging plants and two 
wood products sawmills in Russia, employing approximately 1,100 people. In addition, Stora Enso 
decided to stop all export to and import from Russia. Stora Enso has activated a mitigation plan to secure 
availability of input materials from other sources. For the year ended 31 December 2021, sales in Russia 
accounted for 3 per cent. of Stora Enso's revenues.

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
 
 
Board of Directors and Management 
Board of Directors 
Antti Mäkinen 
Chair of Stora Enso's Board of Directors since March 2021 and member between March 2018 and March 
2021. Independent of the Company but not of the significant shareholders due to his position as the CEO 
of Solidium. 
Born 1961. LL.M. Finnish citizen. 
Chair of Stora Enso's People and Culture Committee (previously, Remuneration Committee) since March 
2021. 
CEO of Solidium since May 2017. Member of the Boards of Directors of Rake Oy and Metso 
Corporation. Chair of the shareholders' nomination boards of Outokumpu Oyj and Nokian Renkaat Oyj. 
Several leading management positions between 2010 and 2017 within Nordea Corporate & Investment 
Banking, most notably as Head of Corporate Finance in Finland, Head of Strategic Coverage unit and as 
Co-Head for Corporate & Investment Banking, Finland. CEO of eQ Corporation and its main subsidiary 
eQ Bank Ltd. between 2005 and 2009. 
Håkan Buskhe 
Vice Chair of Stora Enso's Board of Directors since March 2021 and member between June 2020 and 
March 2021. Independent of the Company but not of the significant shareholders due to his position as 
CEO of FAM. 
Born 1963. M.Sc. (Eng.), Licentiate of Engineering. Swedish citizen. 
Member of Stora Enso's People and Culture Committee (previously, Remuneration Committee) since 
March 2021. 
Chair of the Board of Directors of IPCO AB. Member of the Boards of Directors of AB SKF, Munters 
AB, Kopparfors Skogar and The Grand Group. CEO of FAM since February 2020. 
President and CEO of SAAB AB between 2010 and 2019 and E.ON Nordic between 2008 and 2010. 
Executive positions at E.ON Sweden between 2006 and 2008, CEO of Schenker North between 2001 and 
2006. Several positions at Storel AB between 1998 and 2001, Carlsberg A/S between 1994 and 1998 and 
Scansped AB between 1988 and 1994. He has also held positions as a board member in several venture 
capital companies. 
Elisabeth Fleuriot 
Member of Stora Enso's Board of Directors since April 2013. Independent of the Company and the 
significant shareholders. 
Born 1956. M.Sc. (Econ). French citizen. 
Member of Stora Enso's Financial and Audit Committee since March 2019. 
Chair of the Boards of Directors of Ynsect and Foundation Caritas. Senior advisor at Astanor Venture 
Capital. 
President and CEO of Thai Union Europe Africa between 2013 and 2017. Senior Vice President, 
Emerging Markets and Regional Vice President, France, Benelux, Russia and Turkey, in Kellogg 
Company between 2001 and 2013. General Manager, Europe, in Yoplait, Sodiaal Group between 1998 
and 2001. Several management positions in Danone Group between 1979 and 1997.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
 
Hock Goh 
Member of Stora Enso's Board of Directors since April 2012. Independent of the Company and the 
significant shareholders. 
Born 1955. B.Eng. (Hons) in Mechanical Engineering. Singaporean citizen. 
Member of Stora Enso's Financial and Audit Committee since June 2020. 
Member of the Boards of Directors of AB SKF and Santos Australia. 
Operating Partner of Baird Capital Partners Asia between 2005 and 2012. Several senior management 
positions at Schlumberger Ltd between 1998 and 2005. 
Helena Hedblom 
Member of Stora Enso's Board of Directors since March 2021. Independent of the Company and of the 
significant shareholders. 
Born 1973. M.Sc. (Material Technology). Swedish citizen. 
Member of Stora Enso's Sustainability and Ethics Committee since March 2021. 
President and CEO of Epiroc since March 2020. 
Senior Executive Vice President Mining and Infrastructure at Epiroc between 2017 and 2020. Several 
management positions at Epiroc (then Atlas Copco) between 2000 and 2017. 
Kari Jordan 
Member of Stora Enso's Board of Directors since March 2022. Independent of the Company and the 
significant shareholders. 
Born 1956. M.Sc. (Econ.). Finnish citizen. 
Member of Stora Enso's People and Culture Committee (previously, Remuneration Committee) since 
March 2022. 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Outokumpu Oyj. Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of Nordea Bank 
Abp. Holds several positions of trust in foundations and nonprofit associations. 
President and CEO of Metsä Group between 2006 and 2018. CEO of Metsäliitto Cooperative between 
2004 and 2017. Various board positions and senior executive management positions at Nordea Group 
between 1998 and 2004, Merita Bank between 1995 and 2000 and OKOBANK between 1987 and 1994. 
Christiane Kuehne 
Member of Stora Enso's Board of Directors since April 2017. Independent of the Company and the 
significant shareholders. 
Born 1955. LL.M., B.B.A. Swiss/German citizen. 
Chair of Stora Enso's Sustainability and Ethics Committee since March 2019. 
Member of the Boards of Directors of James Finlays Ltd, Wetter Foundation and Foundation Pierre du 
Bois. 
Various operative positions at Nestlé Group between 1977 and 2015, including most recently Head of 
Strategic Business Unit Food.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
 
 
Richard Nilsson 
Member of Stora Enso's Board of Directors since April 2014. Independent of the Company but not of the 
significant shareholders due to his employment at FAM. 
Born 1970. B.Sc. (BA and Econ.). Swedish citizen. 
Chair of Stora Enso's Financial and Audit Committee since April 2016 and member since April 2015. 
Member of the Board of Directors of IPCO AB and group companies, and Cinder Invest AB. Investment 
Manager at FAM since 2008. Member of the Supervisory Board of GROPYUS AG. 
Pulp & paper research analyst at SEB Enskilda between 2000 and 2008, Alfred Berg between 1995 and 
2000 and Handelsbanken between 1994 and 1995. 
Hans Sohlström 
Member of Stora Enso's Board of Directors since March 2021. Independent of the Company and of the 
significant shareholders. 
Born 1964. M.Sc. (Tech.), M.Sc. (Econ.). Finnish citizen. 
Member of Stora Enso's Sustainability and Ethics Committee since March 2022. 
President and CEO of Ahlström-Munksjö Oyj since 2018. Member of the Advisory Council at Nordea 
Bank Finland and a member of the Council of International Chamber of Commerce Finland. 
President and CEO of Ahlström Capital between 2016 and 2018 and Rettig Group Oy between 2012 and 
2016. Member of UPM-Kymmene Corporation's Group Executive Team between 2004 and 2012. 
Director Independence and Conflicts 
The independence of the members of the Board of Directors is evaluated in accordance with 
Recommendation 10 of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020. According to the recommendation, 
a significant shareholder is a shareholder that holds at least 10 per cent. of all company shares or the votes 
carried by all the shares or a shareholder that has the right or the obligation to acquire the corresponding 
number of already issued shares. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Salmisaarenaukio 2, FI-00180 
Helsinki, Finland. 
Stora Enso confirms that there is no potential conflict of interest between the Board of Directors' duties to 
the Issuer and his/her private interests or other duties. 
Group Leadership Team 
Annica Bresky 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO). 
Born 1975. M.Sc. (Engineering), Executive MBA. Swedish citizen. 
Chief Executive Officer since December 2019. Member of the Group Leadership Team since May 2017 
when she joined the Company as the Executive Vice President, division Consumer Board. 
President and CEO of Iggesund Paperboard AB, part of the Swedish Holmen Group, between 2013 and 
2017. Mill Director at BillerudKorsnäs AB between 2010 and 2013. Prior to that, held engineering and 
superintendent positions at Stora Enso's Kvarnsveden Mill between 2001 and 2010. 
Member of the Board of Directors of AB Fagerhult.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
 
 
Seppo Parvi 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Deputy CEO, Country Manager Finland. 
Born 1964. M.Sc. (Econ.). Finnish citizen. 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since February 2014 when he joined the Company. 
Prior to joining Stora Enso, CFO and Executive Vice President, Food and Medical Business Area, 
Ahlstrom Corporation from 2009 to 2014 and CFO for Metsä Board Corporation (M-real) from 2006 to 
2009. Prior to that various line management positions at packaging company Huhtamäki, including 
responsibilities in paper manufacturing within Rigid Packaging Europe and as General Manager for 
Turkey. 
Chair of the Board of Directors of the Finnish Forest Industries Federation. Deputy Chair of the Board of 
Directors of PVO. Member of the Boards of Directors of Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company, 
East Office of Finnish Industries Oy and Teollisuuden Voima Oyj. Member of the advisory board of 
Coesia S.p.A. 
Tobias Bäärnman 
Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer. 
Born 1977. M.Sc. (Finance). Swedish citizen. 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since November 2020. Joined the Company in 2017 first as SVP 
Controlling, Strategy and IT for Consumer Board division until December 2019.  
Prior to joining Stora Enso, Finance Director at Iggesund Paperboard. He has held various positions at 
Statoil and Procter and Gamble. 
David Ekberg 
Executive Vice President, Packaging Solutions division. 
Born 1975. B.Sc. (Business Administration). Swedish citizen. 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since April 2020. Joined the Company in 2017. Acting Head of 
Stora Enso Packaging Solutions between 2019 and 2020. Senior Vice President and Head of Business 
Unit Nordic Packaging at Stora Enso between 2018 and 2019. Senior Vice President and Head of Finance 
and IT Packaging Solution at Stora Enso between 2017 and 2018. 
Prior to joining Stora Enso, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating 
Officer at Climeon AB between 2015 and 2017. Several management positions at Ericsson Group 
between 1997 and 2015. 
Johanna Hagelberg 
Executive Vice President, Biomaterials division. 
Born 1972. M.Sc. (Industrial Eng. & Mgmt) and M.Sc. (Eng. and Mgmt of Manufacturing Systems). 
Swedish citizen. 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since November 2014. Joined the Company in 2013 as Senior 
Vice President at Sourcing, Printing and Living. 
Prior to joining Stora Enso, Chief Procurement Officer at Vattenfall AB between 2010 and 2013. Prior to 
that, leading Sourcing positions at NCC, RSA Scandinavia and within the Automotive Industry. 
Member of the Boards of Directors of Bufab AB and Höegh Autoliners AS.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
 
René Hansen 
Executive Vice President, Head of Brand and Communications. 
Born 1971. B.Sc. (Communications and Marketing). 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since February 2022. Joined the Company in February 2022 as 
Executive Vice President, Head of Brand and Communications. 
Prior to joining Stora Enso, Vice President, Head of Brand Management at Yara International between 
2019 and 2022. Prior to that, several global marketing and brand executive positions at TOMRA Systems, 
Zound Industries and Burton Snowboards. 
Kati ter Horst 
Executive Vice President, Paper division. 
Born 1968. MBA (International Business) and M.Sc. (Marketing). Finnish citizen. 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since September 2014. Joined the Company in 1996. Senior Vice 
President, Paper Sales, Stora Enso Printing and Living until 2014. 
Prior to joining Stora Enso, has held several managerial positions in the paper business. 
Chair of the Board of Directors of EURO-GRAPH asbl. Member of the Boards of Directors of Finnish 
Forest Industries Federation and Outokumpu Oyj. Vice Member of the Board of Directors of Climate 
Leadership Coalition. Member of the Supervisory Board of Wienerberger AG. 
Hannu Kasurinen 
Executive Vice President, Packaging Materials division. 
Born 1963. M.Sc. (Econ.). Finnish Citizen. 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since December 2019. Joined the company in 1993. 
Senior Vice President, Liquid Packaging and Carton Board in Consumer Board division until December 
2019. He has held several leadership positions at Stora Enso, including Group Treasurer, Senior Vice 
President of Strategy and Executive Vice President of Wood Products division. 
Katariina Kravi 
Executive Vice President, Human Resources. 
Born 1967. Master of Laws. Finnish citizen. 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since September 2020 when she joined the Company. 
Prior to joining Stora Enso, Chief People and Culture Officer at Tieto Oyj in 2019 and Executive Vice 
President, Human Resources between 2012 and 2019, Vice President, Human Resources, Markets at 
Nokia Oyj between 2008 and 2012, and Vice President, Human Resources, Multimedia Business Group 
between 2004 and 2007. Has also held various human resources leadership roles at Nokia Oyj between 
1997 and 2003. 
Per Lyrvall 
Executive Vice President, Legal, General Counsel, Country Manager Sweden. 
Born 1959. LL.M. Swedish citizen.

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
 
 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since March 2012. Joined the Company in 1994. General 
Counsel since 2008. Country Manager Sweden since 2013. 
Prior to joining Stora Enso, held several positions at Swedish courts, law firms and Assi Domän. 
Member of the Boards of Directors of Montes del Plata and Antidoping Sverige AB. Deputy member of 
the Board of Directors of Skogsindustrierna. 
Teemu Salmi 
CIO and Head of IT & Digitalisation 
Born 1973. B.Sc. (Computer Science). Swedish citizen. 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since November 2020. Joined the Company in 2017. On 28 
February 2022, Stora Enso announced that Teemu Salmi will leave Stora Enso. He will continue working 
at Stora Enso until 20 May 2022. As part of Stora Enso's new operating model, IT & Digitalisation will 
moving forward be part of the CFO organisation and report to CFO Seppo Parvi. 
Prior to joining Stora Enso, various executive positions at Ericsson, most recently as SVP and Head of 
business unit IT & Cloud in Middle East & Africa. 
Annette Stube 
Executive Vice President, Sustainability. 
Born 1967. M.Sc. (Psychology), Executive Board Education from Copenhagen Business School. Danish 
citizen. 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since September 2020 when she joined the Company. 
Prior to joining Stora Enso, Head of Sustainability at A.P. Moller–Maersk A/S between 2008 and 2020, 
and Director of Sustainability programmes at Novo Nordisk A/S between 1998 and 2008. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Fortum Oyj. 
Jari Suominen 
Executive Vice President, Forest division. 
Born 1969. M.Sc. (Business Administration). Finnish citizen. 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since September 2014. Joined the Company in 1995. Executive 
Vice President, Wood Products division until December 2019. Senior Vice President, head of Building 
and Living Business Area until August 2014. 
Has held several managerial positions in paper and wood products businesses. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company. Deputy member of the 
Board of Directors of East Office of Finnish Industries Oy. 
Lars Völkel 
Executive Vice President, Wood Products division. 
Born 1975. M.Sc. (Business Administration), leadership degree from Hult Ashridge Business School. 
German citizen. 
Member of the Group Leadership Team since July 2020 when he joined the Company.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
 
 
Prior to joining Stora Enso, CEO of Ambibox GmbH between 2018 and 2020, CEO of Franke Kitchen 
Systems between 2014 and 2017, and Executive Vice President Luxury retail and CEO of Poggenpohl at 
Nobia between 2011 and 2014. Has also held various managerial positions at Electrolux, including VP 
Western Europe. 
Conflicts 
The business address of each member of the Group Leadership Team is Salmisaarenaukio 2, FI-00180 
Helsinki, Finland. 
Stora Enso confirms that there is no potential conflict of interest between the duties of each of the 
members of the Group Leadership Team to Stora Enso and his/her private interests or other duties. 
Corporate Governance Regime 
In its decision making and administration, Stora Enso applies the Finnish Companies Act, the Finnish 
Securities Markets Act, the rules and recommendations of the Nasdaq Helsinki and the Nasdaq 
Stockholm stock exchanges, and Stora Enso's Articles of Association. Stora Enso also complies with both 
the Finnish Corporate Governance Code of the Finnish Securities Market Association and the Swedish 
Corporate Governance Code. Due to differences between the Swedish and Finnish legislation, governance 
code rules and corporate governance practices, Stora Enso's decision-making and administration deviates 
from the Swedish Corporate Governance Code in certain aspects. 
Financial and Audit Committee 
The Board of Directors has a Financial and Audit Committee to support the Board of Directors in 
maintaining the integrity of the Company's financial reporting and the Board of Directors' control 
functions. It regularly reviews and monitors the system of internal control and internal audit as well as its 
efficiency, management and reporting of financial risks, the Company's procedures for monitoring related 
party transactions and the annual corporate governance statement. It makes recommendations regarding 
the appointment of external auditor for the parent company and its main subsidiaries and monitors the 
auditor's independence. 
The Committee comprises three to five Board members, who are independent and not affiliated with the 
Company. The members of the Committee must have sufficient expertise and experience to be able to 
challenge and evaluate the Company's internal accounting function and internal and external audit 
functions. At least one member must have the relevant expertise in accounting and auditing as required by 
applicable regulation. 
The Financial and Audit Committee meets regularly, at least four times a year. The Committee members 
meet the external and internal auditors regularly without Stora Enso management being present. The 
Chair of the Committee presents a report on each Financial and Audit Committee meeting to the Board of 
Directors. The tasks and responsibilities of the Financial and Audit Committee are defined in its charter, 
which is approved by the Board of Directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Financial and Audit Committee are Richard 
Nilsson (Chair), Elisabeth Fleuriot and Hock Goh. 
Sustainability and Ethics Committee 
The Board of Directors has a Sustainability and Ethics Committee which is responsible for overseeing the 
Company's sustainability and ethical business conduct, its strive to be a responsible corporate citizen, and 
its contribution to sustainable development. The Committee regularly reviews Stora Enso's Sustainability 
Strategy and Ethics and Compliance Strategy and, in accordance with Stora Enso's corporate governance 
structure, oversees their effective implementation as well as reviews the Company's external 
sustainability reporting. In its work, the Committee takes into consideration Stora Enso's Purpose and 
Values as well as the Stora Enso Code and Business Practice Policy. The topics of the Committee 
meetings include safety, sustainability (climate change, circularity and biodiversity) and ethics.

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
 
The Committee comprises two to four Board members who are nominated annually by the Board of 
Directors. The members are independent of and not affiliated with Stora Enso. At least one Committee 
member is expected to have sufficient prior knowledge and experience in handling sustainability and 
ethics matters. The Committee meets regularly, at least two times a year. The Chair of the Committee 
presents a report on each Sustainability and Ethics Committee meeting to the Board of Directors. The 
tasks and responsibilities of the Committee are defined in its charter, which is approved by the Board of 
Directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Sustainability and Ethics Committee are 
Christiane Kuehne (Chair), Helena Hedblom and Hans Sohlström. 
People and Culture Committee 
The Board of Directors has a People and Culture Committee which is responsible for recommending and 
evaluating executive nominations and remunerations (including reviewing and recommending the CEO's 
remuneration), evaluating the performance of the CEO, and making recommendations to the Board of 
Directors relating to management remuneration issues generally, including equity incentive remuneration 
plans. The People and Culture Committee also reviews the Remuneration Report and the Remuneration 
Policy. There is a People and Culture Committee representative present at the AGM to answer questions 
relating to the management remuneration. The Board of Directors appoints the CEO and approves his/her 
remuneration as well as the nomination and compensation of other members of the Group Leadership 
Team. 
The Committee comprises three to four Board members who are independent and not affiliated with the 
Company. The People and Culture Committee meets regularly, at least once a year. The Chair of the 
People and Culture Committee presents a report on each People and Culture Committee meeting to the 
Board of Directors. The tasks and responsibilities of the People and Culture Committee are defined in its 
charter, which is approved by the Board of Directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the People and Culture Committee are Antti 
Mäkinen (Chair), Håkan Buskhe and Kari Jordan. 
Shareholders' Nomination Board 
Shareholders at the AGM have appointed a Shareholders' Nomination Board to exist until otherwise 
decided and to annually prepare proposals for the shareholders' meeting regarding the number and 
election of the members of the Board of Directors, the remuneration of the Chair, Vice Chair and 
members of the Board of Directors as well as the remuneration of the Chairs and members of the 
committees of the Board of Directors. 
The Shareholders' Nomination Board comprises four members: the Chair of the Board of Directors, the 
Vice Chair of the Board of Directors and two other members appointed by the two largest shareholders as 
of 31 August each year, appointing one each as set out in the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination 
Board.  
The Chair of the Board of Directors convenes the Shareholders' Nomination Board, which shall at the 
latest on 31 January each year present its proposals to the Board of Directors. The Shareholders' 
Nomination Board shall appoint a Chair from among its members. The Chair may not be a member of the 
Board of Directors. 
The Shareholders' Nomination Board is composed of the following members: Antti Mäkinen (Chair of the 
Board of Directors of Stora Enso), Håkan Buskhe (Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of Stora Enso), 
Harri Sailas (Chair of the Board of Directors of Solidium) and Marcus Wallenberg (Chair of the Board of 
Directors of FAM). The Shareholders' Nomination Board has elected Marcus Wallenberg as its Chair.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
 
Legal Proceedings 
General 
Other than as discussed below, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Company is aware) which may have, or have 
had during the past 12 months, a significant effect on the Company's or the Group's financial position or 
profitability. 
European Commission Inspection 
On 12 October 2021, Stora Enso announced that the European Commission had conducted unannounced 
inspections in locations at several European Union member states at the premises of companies active in 
the wood pulp sector. Stora Enso was included in the European Commission's inspection at its 
headquarters at Kanavaranta in Helsinki, Finland. 
Stora Enso is cooperating fully with the authorities. As stated by the European Commission, the fact that 
it carries out such inspections does not mean that the companies are guilty of anti-competitive behaviour 
nor does it prejudge the outcome of the investigation itself. 
Stora Enso is under strict confidentiality rules regarding the details of the ongoing European Commission 
investigation and cannot pre-empt or speculate regarding the next steps or eventual outcome of the 
investigation. 
Legal Proceedings in Latin America 
Veracel 
On 11 July 2008, Stora Enso announced that a federal judge in Brazil had issued a decision claiming that 
the permits issued by the State of Bahia for the operations of Stora Enso's joint operations company 
Veracel were not valid. The judge also ordered Veracel to take certain actions, including reforestation 
with native trees on part of Veracel's plantations and a possible fine of, at the time of the decision, BRL 
20 million (EUR 3 million). Veracel disputes the decision and has filed an appeal against it. Veracel 
operates in full compliance with all Brazilian laws and has obtained all the necessary environmental and 
operating licences for its industrial and forestry activities from the relevant authorities. In November 
2008, a Federal Court suspended the effects of the decision. No provisions have been recorded in 
Veracel's or Stora Enso's accounts for the reforestation or the possible fine.

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following table presents selected consolidated financial information of the Issuer as at and for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. The selected consolidated financial information presented 
below has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
 
 
As at and for the Year Ended 
31 December 
(€ million, except for earnings per share) 
2021 
2020 
INCOME STATEMENT DATA 
 
 
Sales .................................................................................................................... 
10,164 
8,553 
Operating profit...................................................................................................... 
1,568 
922 
Net profit for the year .............................................................................................. 
1,268 
617 
Attributable to: 
 
 
Owners of the parent ............................................................................................... 
1,266 
626 
Non-controlling interests .......................................................................................... 
3 
(9) 
Earnings per Share 
 
 
Basic earnings per share, €........................................................................................ 
1.61 
0.79 
Diluted earnings per share, € ..................................................................................... 
1.60 
0.79 
FINANCIAL POSITION DATA 
 
 
Non-current assets .................................................................................................. 
14,517 
13,276 
Current assets......................................................................................................... 
4,509 
4,155 
Total assets............................................................................................................ 
19,026 
17,431 
Equity attributable to owners of the parent ................................................................... 
10,683 
8,809 
Non-current liabilities.............................................................................................. 
5,195 
5,743 
Current liabilities .................................................................................................... 
3,165 
2,895 
Total liabilities ....................................................................................................... 
8,360 
8,637 
Total equity and liabilities ........................................................................................ 
19,026 
17,431

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in Finland and in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax 
resident, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
Finnish Taxation 
The following overview is based on the tax laws of Finland as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, and is subject to changes in Finnish law, including changes that could have a retroactive 
effect. The following overview does not take into account or discuss the tax laws of any country other 
than Finland and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be 
subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes. 
Non-Resident Holders of the Notes 
Under present Finnish law payments of the principal of and interest (if any) on the Notes will be exempt 
from all taxes, duties, fees and imposts of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or within the Republic of 
Finland or by any province, municipality or other political sub-division or taxing authority thereof and 
therein, except when the holder of the Note, Receipt or Coupon to which any such payment relates is 
subject to such taxation thereon by reason of such holders being connected with the Republic of Finland 
otherwise than solely by his holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon or the receipt of income therefrom. 
Non-residents of Finland are not liable to pay Finnish capital gains tax on Notes that are not connected 
with a permanent establishment or a fixed base in Finland. 
Transfer tax is in general not payable on a transfer of Notes, provided that the interest of the Notes is not 
related to the business income of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes by a non-resident by way of a gift or by reason of the death of the owner may be 
subject to Finnish gift or inheritance tax, respectively. 
Holders of the Notes Resident in Finland 
Interest paid to Finnish corporate entities (other than non-profit associations) and to Finnish partnerships 
is deemed to be taxable income of the recipient of interest. Any gain or loss realised following a disposal 
of the Notes will be taxable income or a tax deductible loss for the relevant holders. Interest paid to such 
holders of the Notes is not subject to a withholding tax. 
If the holder of the Note is a resident natural person, interest paid on the Notes is subject to a source tax 
on interest income or an advance withholding tax and capital income tax in accordance with the 
applicable Finnish tax laws. The current source tax on interest income, withholding tax and capital 
income tax rate is 30 per cent. Should the amount of capital income received by a resident natural person 
exceed EUR 30,000 in a calendar year, the capital income tax rate is 34 per cent. on the amount that 
exceeds the EUR 30,000 threshold.  
If a resident natural person disposes any Notes prior to the maturity date, any capital gain as well as 
accrued interest received ("secondary market compensation") will be taxed as capital income. The 
current rate of capital income tax is as expressed above. An individual residing in Finland or an 
undistributed estate of a deceased Finnish resident may deduct the eventual capital loss from its taxable 
capital gains in the year of disposal and in the five subsequent years. 
If Notes are acquired in the secondary market, any secondary market compensation paid is deductible 
from the capital income or, to the extent exceeding capital income, from earned income subject to 
limitations of the Finnish income tax act.

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
 
 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following overview is of a general nature, limited to description of withholding taxes applicable in 
Luxembourg and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is based on the laws presently in 
force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
A holder of the Notes may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only 
of the holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December, 
2005, as amended (the "Law") mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is a 
resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
Such withholding tax as described above or the Levy will be in full discharge of income tax if the 
beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of their private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax in application of the Law as amended will be 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent and not by the Issuer. Accordingly, payments of 
interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Law will be subject to a withholding tax 
at a rate of 20 per cent. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A 
number of jurisdictions (including Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and 
may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 
 
is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published 
generally and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a 
fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, 
if additional Notes (as described under Condition 15 (Further Issues) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in 
a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas, BofA Securities 
Europe SA, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, DNB Bank ASA, J.P. Morgan SE, NatWest Markets N.V., Nordea Bank Abp, OP 
Corporate Bank plc and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (the "Dealers"). The Dealers have in 
a programme agreement dated 6 September 1996 (as modified, amended and/or restated from time to time 
and as most recently amended on 10 May 2022, the "Programme Agreement") agreed with the Issuer a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes" above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain 
of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by 
them in connection therewith. In addition, the Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any 
Dealer to subscribe for Notes is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer 
shall be entitled to be released and discharged from its obligation to subscribe for Notes prior to their 
issue. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered and 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will 
identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as contemplated by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable" in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area , each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State: 
(A) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved 
in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable" each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(ii) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
 (A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; and 
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
 
 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, (the "FIEA")). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form of the Issuer may only be transferred and 
accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the 
Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam admitted in a function on one or more of the markets or 
systems operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates 
Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. 
No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an 
interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes 
in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or 
profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or 
into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an 
interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands 
and are not distributed into the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Dutch Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation 
to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with. 
As used herein, "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no 
interest is due whatsoever. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes 
may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of 
Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian 
Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly 
or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA")) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivative contracts (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) 
in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to 
that term as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may 
be applicable at the relevant time. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
 
 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer 
nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Activities of the Dealers 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 15 January 1990 and the update of the Programme has been 
duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 22 January 2022. 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is 
a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection as specified below: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most 
recently published unaudited interim financial statements (published quarterly in respect of the 
quarters ended 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December) of the Issuer, in each case 
together with any audit or review reports if any in connection therewith; 
(iii) 
the Agency Agreement, the forms of the Temporary Global Notes, the Permanent Global Notes, 
the definitive Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, the Talons and the Deed of Covenant; and 
(iv) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final 
Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and the 
identity of such holder) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or 
therein by reference including all future annual consolidated and unconsolidated accounts. 
The constitutional documents of the Issuer are available on the Issuer's website at: 
https://www.storaenso.com/-/media/documents/download-center/documents/company-
information/articles-of-association_eng.pdf 
The financial statements and related reports referred to in paragraph (ii) are available at the Issuer's 
website at: 
https://www.storaenso.com/en/download-centre?d=1&type=88a13494-eb98-49a8-b461-
c9761b41ea6c&t=0  
The documents listed above in paragraphs (iii) to (iv) are available at the Issuer's website at: 
https://www.storaenso.com/en/investors/stora-enso-as-an-investment/debt-investors 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by 
reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN (and, if applicable 
the FISN and CFI Code) for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative 
clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
The Issuer's legal entity identifier (LEI) is 7437000ZP669LKUTZ738. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be determined by the Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The price will normally correspond to a percentage of the nominal value of such Notes and shall be 
disclosed on the applicable Final Terms, which shall be available at the offices of the Issuer and the 
Paying Agent. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued 
interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may 
be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series, or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the 
most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
Yield 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate as set out in the applicable Final Terms 
will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis by reference to the 
relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 March 2022. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2021. 
Issuer's website 
The Issuer’s website is www.storaenso.com. The information on the Issuer’s website does not form part 
of the Base Prospectus save to the extent that any information on the website is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, with Samuli 
Perälä, 
Authorised 
Public 
Accountant, 
as 
the 
auditor 
with 
principal 
responsibility. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has audited the Issuer's consolidated financial statements, without 
qualification, in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland, for the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021. Samuli Perälä is a member of Suomen Tilintarkastajat ry (the 
Finnish Association of Auditors). 
Potential Investors 
Subject to the restrictions set out in "Subscription and Sale" above, Notes issued under the Programme 
may be offered and sold, without limitation, to qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation 
and/or to investors who do not fall under such definition of qualified investors.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
 
 
Redemption 
The Notes will be redeemed at 100 per cent. of their nominal value or, if so agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, at a higher amount.

--- Page 121 ---
ISSUER 
Stora Enso Oyj 
Salmisaarenaukio 2 
FI-00180 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
PAYING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2593 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Finnish and English law: 
White & Case LLP 
Aleksanterinkatu 44 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
England 
 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Itämerentori 2 
FI-00180 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 122 ---
DEALERS 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX 
France 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal  
DK-1092 Copenhagen K.  
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias, Gate 30 
N-0021 Oslo 
Norway  
 J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
Finland 
 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
Gebhardinaukio 1 
FI-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgardsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
  
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg