--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS   
STOREBRAND BOLIGKREDITT AS 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
€3,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Under this €3,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme (the Programme), Storebrand Boligkreditt AS (the Issuer) may from time to time 
issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  The Notes may be issued in bearer 
form or uncertificated book entry form (the VPS Notes) cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as 
Euronext VPS, Euronext VPS). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €3,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than 
one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". This Base Prospectus has 
been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The 
Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU and/or that are to be 
offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (EEA) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed 
(and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below), the Notes have been admitted to the 
Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. VPS Notes may be admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market and, 
in this case, listed (and all related references) shall be construed accordingly. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA). The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in 
this Base Prospectus in connection with VPS Notes or Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes") of Notes 
will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central 
Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of the Central Bank of Ireland. In the case of 
Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Exempt Notes and/or Exempt Notes not admitted to trading on any market.   
The Programme has been rated AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. S&P is 
not established in the United Kingdom (UK) but it is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the UK, and (ii) is registered 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK 
CRA Regulation). Accordingly, the Programme rating issued by S&P has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the rating issued by S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.   
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by S&P.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes herein, in which event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the 
effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
 
ARRANGER 
 
 
Nordea  
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Citigroup 
Danske Bank  
DNB Bank  
Nordea  
 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 1 July 2021.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in 
this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and UK Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Save for the Issuer, no party has independently verified the information contained herein.  
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
None of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Notes issued as Green Bonds 
(as defined herein) under the Programme to fulfil any environmental and/or sustainability criteria 
required by any prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, 
any assessment or verification of the Eligible Green Assets (as defined in “Use of Proceeds—Green 
Bonds” below) and their impact, or monitoring of the use of the net proceeds of any such Green Bonds 
(or amounts equal thereto). Prospective investors should refer to the Issuer's Green Bond Framework 
(as referred to under “Use of Proceeds—Green Bonds” below), which for the avoidance of doubt, is not 
incorporated into, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to 
their attention.   
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, 
with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus  Regulation. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of the Euro-zone inter-
bank offered rate (EURIBOR), Oslo inter-bank market (NIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market 
(STIBOR), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) (as administrator of NIBOR) and European Money Markets 
Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the ESMA’s register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).  As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the administrator of STIBOR is not included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and the 
Kingdom of Norway), the UK and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered in Norway or to or for the benefit of 
persons domiciled in Norway, unless the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes and the 
registration in Euronext VPS (as defined herein) of VPS Notes are complied with. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to:  
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
NKR, NKr or NOK refer to Norwegian Kroner; 
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and  
• 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................. 9 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 16 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 36 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 39 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 42 
Form of Pricing Supplement ............................................................................................................................ 58 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes .............................................................................. 74 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes ........................................................................................................ 102 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 128 
Overview of the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds .............................................................. 129 
Description of the Issuer and the Storebrand Group ...................................................................................... 134 
Overview of the Master Agreement and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement .......................................... 139 
Overview of the Swap Agreements ................................................................................................................ 142 
Book entry clearing in respect of VPS Notes ................................................................................................. 144 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 145 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 150 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 155 
 
 
 ______________________________________

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  
However stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement).  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form 
other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes only and, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will 
be published. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes" shall have the same meanings in this General 
Description. 
Issuer: 
Storebrand Boligkreditt AS 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
5967007LIEEXZX6GU836 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  These are 
set out under "Risk Factors" below and include credit risk, liquidity 
risks, operational risks and competition.  In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme.  
These are set out under "Risk Factors" and include the fact that the 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors, certain 
risks relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes and 
certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers: 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Danske Bank A/S 
DNB Bank ASA 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Société Générale 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation prospectuses relating to money 
market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months and complying also with the definition of securities are not 
subject to the approval provisions stated therein. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
VPS Agent: 
Danske Bank A/S 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, Sterling, Norwegian Kroner, 
U.S. dollars, Swiss francs, yen and, subject to any applicable legal 
or regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency.   
Extendable Obligation: 
The applicable Final Terms may also provide that the Issuer's 
obligations to pay the Final Redemption Amount of the applicable 
Series of Notes on their Maturity Date shall be deferred until the 
Extended Final Maturity Date (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes"), provided that any amount 
representing the amount due on the Maturity Date as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms (the Final Redemption Amount) due and 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer 
on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Final Maturity Date.  Such deferral will occur 
automatically if the Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Amount of the relevant Series of Notes on their Maturity Date.  
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and will be 
payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity 
Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at 
a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form or, in the case of VPS 
Notes, uncertificated book entry form, as specified in the Final 
Terms.   
Each Note (other than VPS Notes) will on issue be represented by 
a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document 
of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the 
crediting of VPS Notes to accounts with Euronext VPS.  VPS 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Notes in bearer form and vice 
versa.  See "Form of the Notes" below. 
VPS Notes will not be exchangeable for Notes not in VPS form 
and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest.   
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked Notes, 
Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes, Notes redeemable in one 
or more instalments or Notes which are denominated in Swiss 
francs and offered to the public in Switzerland and/or listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index Linked 
Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such index and/or 
formula or to changes in the prices of securities or commodities or 
to such other factors as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may 
agree. 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal 
or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on such 
rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree.   
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which 
the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and 
on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Notes 
which may be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts 
and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
Swiss franc denominated Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes 
which are denominated in Swiss francs and offered to the public in 
Switzerland and/or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the VPS Trustee that 
Exempt Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event the relevant 
provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If Floating Rate Notes provide for a rate of interest (or any 
component thereof) to be determined by reference to a reference 
rate, upon such reference rate ceasing to exist or be published or 
the occurrence of another Benchmark Event in respect of such 
reference rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer (following

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser) determining a 
Successor Rate failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments as 
further described in Condition 3.4 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 3(d) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
in the case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if applicable) 
or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions  - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt Note) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 6 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 6 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event of any 
such withholding or deduction, the Issuer will not pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or deducted.   
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain events of default. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are issued on an unconditional and unsubordinated basis 
and in accordance with the Act (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes").  The Notes and any other securities 
issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Act (together, the 
Covered Bonds), together with the Issuer's obligations under the 
swaps and any other derivative instruments entered into by the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds, have the benefit of 
priority of claim to a cover pool of certain registered eligible assets 
(the Cover Pool) upon public administration of the Issuer.  See 
also "Summary of the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered 
Bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)" below. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated AAA by S&P.  Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a 
Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.  
Approval and Admission to trading 
and listing: 
Application has been made to the Central Bank of Ireland to 
approve this document as a base prospectus.  Application has also 
been made for Notes (other than VPS Notes or Exempt Notes) 
issued under the Programme to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Exempt 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be VPS Notes or not and whether such Notes are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes (other than the VPS Notes) (save for Condition 2 of the 
Terms and Conditions thereof) and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with such Notes will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Norwegian Law. 
 
The VPS Notes (save for Conditions 2, 10, 11 and 12 of the Terms 
and Conditions thereof) and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with such Notes will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Conditions 2, 10, 11 and 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Norwegian law. 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 
2019 no. 64 on Central Securities Depositories (the CSD Act) 
(Nw. verdipapirsentralloven), which implements Regulation (EU) 
No. 909/2014 (the CSDR) into Norwegian law, and to the extent 
applicable, the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 15 March

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
2019 no. 6, as amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS 
Notes will be entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations 
and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related 
regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Belgium and the Kingdom 
of Norway), the UK, Japan and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Liquidity requirements 
The Issuer has established systems for prudent liquidity 
management for the purpose of meeting its payment obligations in 
respect of interest and principal due and payable on the Covered 
Bonds issued by it from time to time in accordance with the 
requirements of the Act and Regulations.  See also "Summary of 
the Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds (obligasjoner 
med fortrinnsrett)" below.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  The 
Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deem not to be material 
may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer has 
identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business 
and ability to make payments due under the Notes.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
1.1 The Issuer may not be able to refinance its borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at all 
The Issuer's lending is, to a large extent, for longer durations than the Issuer's borrowings. Therefore, the 
Issuer is dependent on the ability to refinance borrowings upon maturity. Depending on overall market 
conditions, there is a risk that the Issuer will either be unable to refinance its borrowings, or that it will be 
required to do so at a cost significantly higher than originally anticipated. The market turmoil caused by the 
global outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) led to significant uncertainty regarding the Issuer’s 
opportunities to refinance its borrowings on commercially satisfactory terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the refinancing risk was somewhat reduced, but if the COVID-19 situation continues for a 
prolonged period of time (or similar situations arise in the future due to the same or a different type of 
pandemic), it could adversely impact the Issuer's ability to pay amounts due under the Notes (see risk factor 
titled " Default on mortgage loans may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its obligations under the 
Notes" below).  
If the Issuer fails to refinance any outstanding Notes on their scheduled Maturity Date, the Issuer may defer 
repayment of such Notes until a later date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided that an 
Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for such Notes (see risk factor titled 
"Extendable obligations under the Notes" below).  
The Issuer is, however, dependent on maintaining its credit ratings in order to be able to refinance its 
borrowings on commercially reasonable terms, as credit ratings affect the costs and other terms upon which 
the Issuer is able to obtain funding. Any factors having a negative impact on the Issuer, the Cover Pool (as 
defined below) or the Storebrand Group (as defined below), such as the deterioration of the residential 
property market in Norway or a downturn in the international or domestic financial markets, may affect the 
credit rating of the Programme and/or any outstanding Notes. A credit rating downgrade will not in itself 
have any impact on the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, but could, in each case, 
increase the Issuer’s borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity position of the Issuer, limit the Issuer’s 
access to the capital markets, undermine confidence in (and the competitive position of) the Issuer, trigger 
obligations under certain bilateral terms in some of the Issuer’s trading and collateralised financing contracts 
and/or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Issuer. Any of these events 
may lead to difficulties for the Issuer in refinancing its borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at 
all and ultimately adversely impact the Issuer’s ability to make timely payments on the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
1.2 The Issuer is dependent on Storebrand Group’s competitive market position and the demand for its 
products 
The mortgages originated by Storebrand Bank ASA (Storebrand Bank), and subsequently transferred to the 
Cover Pool, represent a dynamic pool, particularly because of the high refinancing ratio in the Norwegian 
mortgage market. Storebrand Bank’s ability to originate mortgages depends on the competitive market 
position of Storebrand Bank and the demand for its products. A general downturn in the Norwegian economy 
(for example due to long-term effects from the COVID-19 pandemic), regulatory changes affecting the 
residential mortgage market and/or interest rate rises may result in a decline in the demand for residential 
property and, therefore, residential mortgages. A decline in the demand for Storebrand Bank’s mortgage 
loans may lead to less than expected mortgages being transferred from Storebrand Bank to the Cover Pool. A 
significant reduction in the size of the mortgage portfolio will adversely affect the value of the Cover Pool 
and may result in the Issuer not being able to make payments on the Notes in full or on a timely basis. 
1.3 Public administration of the Issuer and a halt to payments from the Cover Pool may lead to Noteholders 
not receiving the full amount due on the Notes 
In the event of public administration of the Issuer, timely payments shall be made on the Notes for so long as 
the Cover Pool is in material compliance with the statutory requirements under the Norwegian Act on 
Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups of 10 April 2015 No. 17 (lov 10. april 2015 nr. 17 om 
finansforetak og finanskonsern (finansforetaksloven)) (the Act) and the Regulations of 9 December 2016 No. 
1502 on Financial Undertakings and Financial Groups (forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502 om finansforetak 
og finanskonsern (finansforetaksforskriften)) (the Regulations) (see risk factor titled "Failure by the Issuer 
to meet applicable matching and overcollateralisation rules may affect the value and liquidity of the Covered 
Bonds" below). Public administration of the Issuer will not in itself be sufficient cause for termination, 
redemption or similar remedy by the Noteholders or the providers of interest rate swaps and currency swaps 
(the Swap Providers). The public administration board may take any action considered necessary to ensure 
that the holders of the Notes and the Swap Providers receive agreed and timely payment on the Notes and 
swaps, including selling assets in the Cover Pool and issuing new Notes and entering into new derivative 
instruments with recourse to the assets in the Cover Pool pari passu with the Notes. 
If it is no longer possible to make timely payments to Noteholders or Swap Providers, the public 
administration board shall set a date to halt payments. Where a halt to payments is introduced, the further 
administration in respect of the Issuer shall continue in accordance with Norwegian bankruptcy law. The 
administration board shall inform the Noteholders and the Swap Providers of the halt to payments and the 
date on which such halt to payments will be introduced at the earliest opportunity, and shall consult with 
them in relation to any material decisions in respect thereof. 
To the extent that Noteholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets in the 
Cover Pool following a halt to payments, they will be able to prove for the balance of their claims as 
unsecured creditors of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the liquidation 
of any other assets of the Issuer not included in the Cover Pool (or any other cover pool maintained by the 
Issuer). The Noteholders would, in such case, rank pari passu with any other holder of Notes, Swap 
Providers and the other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. If the Issuer’s assets are 
insufficient to cover all unsecured, unsubordinated claims in full, Noteholders could be unable to collect the 
full balance of their claims against the Issuer. 
1.3 Operational risks 
The Issuer’s business involves operational risks. Operational risks are defined by the Issuer as the risk of 
incurring losses, including damaged reputation, due to deficiencies or errors in internal processes and control 
routines or by external events that affect operations. The Issuer conducts its business subject to compliance 
risks (including the effects of changes in laws, regulations, policies and voluntary codes of practice in 
Norway and other markets where the Issuer operates). There is a risk that the Issuer’s risk management

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
strategies and procedures are not sufficient, which may expose the Issuer to unanticipated or unidentified 
risks. Further examples of relevant operational risks the Issuer is exposed to are the following (but not 
limited to):  
• 
Settlement risk: for example, the possibility that the Issuer has already paid a counterparty or given 
irrevocable instruction to a transfer of cash or securities, but the corresponding delivery of cash or 
securities, or, as the case may be, return payment does not settle at the agreed time as a consequence 
of default or a failure in the relevant settlement system. 
• 
Failure in compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules: The Issuer’s 
compliance risk management systems and policies may not be fully effective in preventing all 
violations of laws, regulations and rules. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-
bribery and sanctions rules can put a significant financial burden on financial institutions and 
requires significant technical capabilities. 
Any failure by the Issuer or Storebrand ASA together with its subsidiaries (the Storebrand Group) 
to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to money laundering, 
bribery, financial crimes, sanctions and other inappropriate or illegal transactions, may lead to 
penalties, fines, public reprimands, damage to reputation, issuance of business improvement and 
other administrative orders, enforced suspension of operations which, in extreme cases, may 
adversely affect the ability to obtain future regulatory approvals or withdrawal of authorisation to 
operate. These consequences may harm the Issuer’s reputation, resulting in loss of customer or 
market confidence in the Issuer or deterioration of its business environment, and may adversely 
affect its business and results of operations. 
• 
Failure in compliance with data protection and privacy laws and the risk of being targeted by 
cybercriminals: The Issuer’s operations are subject to a number of laws and regulations relating to 
data privacy and protection, including the Norwegian Personal Data Act of 15 June 2018 (lov 15. 
Juni 2018 nr. 38 om behandling av personopplysninger (personopplysningsloven)) and Regulation 
(EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR). The requirements of these laws 
and regulations may affect the Issuer’s ability to collect, process and use personal data. Enforcement 
of data privacy legislation has become increasingly frequent and could result in the Issuer being 
subjected to claims from its customers alleging it has infringed their privacy rights, and it could face 
administrative proceedings (including criminal proceedings) initiated by the Norwegian Data 
Protection Authority. In addition, any enquiries made, or proceedings initiated by, individuals or 
regulators may lead to negative publicity and potential liability for the Issuer and the Storebrand 
Group. Non-compliance with these standards may lead to the Issuer facing substantial fines. 
The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet and the security of the Issuer’s 
and the Storebrand Group’s systems are essential to its maintaining customer confidence and 
ensuring compliance with data privacy legislation. If the Issuer, the Storebrand Group or any third 
party suppliers fails to transmit customer information and payment details online securely, or if they 
otherwise fail to protect customer privacy in online transactions, or if third parties obtain and/or 
reveal the Issuer’s confidential information, the Issuer and the Storebrand Group may lose customers 
and potential customers may be deterred from using the Storebrand Group’s products and services, 
which could expose the Issuer to liability and could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations 
• 
Liquidity risk relating to revolving mortgage loans: The Issuer owns a portfolio of mortgage loans 
which are structured as personal revolving credit facilities for the borrowers, who can draw down 
and repay amounts at will within a set overall credit limit determined on the same criteria as for 
standard repayment loans. If the Issuer experiences a large demand for drawdowns under such credit 
limits simultaneously, there is a risk that the Issuer may not have sufficient liquid resources to meet

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
the demand, which may adversely affect the Issuer's financial condition and its ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes. 
1.4 The Issuer is dependent on services provided by other Storebrand Group companies and its brand value 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Storebrand Bank. The Issuer does not have any employees of its 
own, and is thus dependent upon receiving labour force and purchasing services from Storebrand Group 
companies in order to carry on its daily business. The Issuer is also dependent on the “Storebrand” brand in 
its debt capital market issuances and relies on the positive perception by investors of the "Storebrand" brand. 
The Issuer will thus be dependent on the other Storebrand Group companies in order to succeed in its 
business. 
Should there be any disruptions and/or negative impact to any Storebrand Group companies and/or should 
the brand value of the Storebrand Group substantially deteriorate, this may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations, as well as affecting the credit rating of the 
Issuer. 
Risks relating to the Cover Pool 
1.1 Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
The Cover Pool will consist of loans which are secured on residential property or on title documents relating 
to residential property, and certain substitute assets. All assets in the Cover Pool must comply with the terms 
of the Act and the Regulations. In particular, the Regulations determine maximum debt to value ratios of 
mortgages included in the Cover Pool (currently the maximum debt is 75 per cent. of the prudent market 
value in the case of residential mortgages, for further detail see the section headed "Summary of Norwegian 
Legislation regarding Covered Bonds"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Cover Pool consists of 
mortgages secured on property located in Norway. The value of the Cover Pool may therefore decline in the 
event of a general downturn in the value of property in Norway. Investors will not receive detailed statistics 
or information in relation to the mortgage loans and other assets included in the Cover Pool and it is expected 
that the constitution of the Cover Pool will change from time to time. 
1.2 Overcollateralisation 
The Issuer is obligated under the Act to ensure that the value of the assets of the Cover Pool at all times 
exceeds the value of the covered bonds with preferential claims against the Cover Pool (taking into account 
the effects of derivative contracts) (Overcollateralisation). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance is 
authorised to pass regulations setting a minimum requirement. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Regulations stipulate that the Issuer must ensure a minimum Overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool of 2 per 
cent. at all times. 
Similarly, the Issuer has undertaken in Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes and Condition 2(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes to ensure that, for as long as 
any Notes are outstanding, the value of the Cover Pool shall at all times be at least (a) 102 per cent. of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes and any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer (taking into 
account the effect of derivative contracts)  having recourse to such Cover Pool; and (b) such other 
Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time in 
accordance with Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes or 
Condition 2(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as the case may be. Such level of 
contractually agreed Overcollateralisation will be subject to change in accordance with any higher 
Overcollateralisation level imposed by applicable Norwegian legislation from time to time. However 
Noteholders should be aware that the Overcollateralisation maintained by the Issuer does not guarantee that 
the preferential claim of Noteholders on the Cover Pool would be sufficient to make payment of all amounts 
due to Noteholders in the event of the Issuer's insolvency.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
The Issuer is not obliged to increase the Overcollateralisation percentage if any rating assigned to the Notes 
is reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch for any reason. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer does not commit to ensure that any specific rating of the Notes will be upheld until maturity. 
If the value of a mortgaged property declines significantly after the residential mortgage has been included in 
the Cover Pool, the Issuer may no longer be able to count the full value of the mortgage loan towards the 
Overcollateralisation requirement (as to which see further detail in the section headed "Summary of the 
Norwegian Legislation regarding Covered Bonds")), even if the mortgage loan is fully performing. This will 
be a statutory breach and may lead the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the 
NFSA) to order the Issuer to remedy and correct the breach. 
1.3 Failure by the Issuer to meet applicable matching and overcollateralisation rules may affect the value 
and liquidity of the Notes 
The Act and the Regulations require the value of the Cover Pool to at all times exceed the value on the 
claims on the Cover Pool. See "Summary of the Norwegian Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds" below for 
further details. 
A breach of the matching and overcollateralisation requirements prior to public administration of the Issuer 
in circumstances where no additional assets are available to the Issuer or the Issuer lacks the ability to 
acquire additional assets could result in the Issuer being unable to issue further Notes, which may prevent the 
refinancing of existing Notes and possibly reduce the liquidity of existing Notes. 
1.4 The Issuer is reliant on Interest Rate Swaps and Currency Swaps 
In order to hedge its interest rate risks and currency risks, the Issuer enters into interest rate swaps (Interest 
Rate Swaps) and currency swaps (Currency Swaps and, together with Interest Rate Swaps, Swaps) with 
various Swap Providers. A well-functioning derivative market is essential for the Issuer in order to be able to 
enter into such Interest Rate Swaps and Currency Swaps on commercially attractive terms or at all, and any 
disruption in the market for such Swaps or the Issuer’s access thereto could have a negative effect on the 
Issuer’s ability to manage its interest rate risks and currency risks in an adequate fashion. Such a disruption 
could also increase the refinancing risk for the Issuer if the Issuer, in such scenario, would find itself 
restricted from issuing Notes in currencies other than NOK and/or with a different interest profile than the 
assets in the Cover Pool. 
If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or certain other events occur in relation to the 
Issuer under a Swap and any applicable grace period has expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted under 
that Swap. The Issuer’s default under a Swap due to non-payment or otherwise will suspend the relevant 
Swap Provider’s obligation to make further payments under that Swap, and the relevant Swap Provider may, 
on certain conditions, terminate the relevant Swap. 
If a Swap Provider is no longer obligated to make payments under a Swap, and exercises its right to 
terminate a swap or defaults on its obligations to make payments under a Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to 
changes in interest and/or currency exchange rates (as applicable). In addition, if the Swap Provider or its 
guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade 
provisions contained in the relevant swap agreement, such swap agreement may be terminated by the Issuer. 
In any such scenario, the Issuer may encounter difficulties entering into a replacement Swap on 
commercially acceptable terms or at all. 
If an Interest Rate Swap or Currency Swap is terminated due to the Swap Provider’s default, and unless a 
replacement swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on its Notes 
in case of material fluctuations between either (i) for Interest Rate Swaps, the interest rates payable on the 
Cover Pool assets and the applicable interest rate for the Notes, or (ii) for Currency Swaps, the currency of 
the Cover Pool assets and the currency of the Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
If a Swap Provider suffers a ratings downgrade and the affected Interest Rate Swaps or Currency Swaps, as 
applicable, cannot be transferred to an eligible replacement Swap Provider, the rating of the Notes may be 
adversely affected as a result. 
1.5 Default on mortgage loans may lead to the Issuer being unable to satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
In recent years, low interest rates, low inflation, higher house prices, a favourable tax regime and increased 
disposable income for households in Norway have led to a continued strong growth in demand for real 
estate, and consequently loans and mortgages, especially in the residential mortgage market.  
The growth in demand for loans and mortgages, especially in the residential mortgage market, has led to 
significant growth in the levels of indebtedness, which in turn has increased the potential financial 
vulnerability of some residential mortgage borrowers. A high percentage of Norwegian residential mortgage 
borrowers have floating interest rate mortgages, and are consequently exposed to the risk of interest rate 
increases. As of 31 March 2021, 100 per cent. of the residential mortgages included in the Cover Pool have 
floating interest rates. Even a moderate rise in interest rates may lead to a significantly higher interest 
burden, and a material reduction of disposable income, for residential mortgage borrowers who have taken 
on high levels of debt.  
In 2020, Storebrand Bank Group was heavily impacted by COVID-19. During the initial phase, Storebrand 
Bank experienced a significant increase in customer inquiries, including from customers who required a 
repayment grace period due to having been laid-off from work. Total loan losses amounted to NOK 37 
million for Storebrand Bank in 2020, compared with NOK 18 million in 2019. Total loan losses for the 
Issuer amounted to NOK 2.7 million in 2020, compared to NOK 0.3 million in 2019. At the end of 2020, 
default volume for the Issuer amounted to NOK 41 million (corresponding to 0.19 per cent. of gross 
lending), compared to NOK 35 million at the end of 2019 (corresponding to 0.17 per cent. of gross lending). 
As a result of the weaker macroeconomic outlook and caused by COVID-19, and increased uncertainty, the 
statistical provisions for loss were increased in the first quarter of 2020. The increase in provisions for loss 
has largely been maintained during the subsequent quarters in 2020/2021 and until the date of the Base 
Prospectus, because there is still significant uncertainty relating to the long-term effects of COVID-19 on the 
Storebrand Group.  
Norwegian authorities have implemented several mitigating measures such as travel restrictions, restrictions 
on public gatherings, boarder control, quarantine rules and business closings to limit the economic 
consequences.  The authorities have so far also heavily supported companies and individuals whose income 
has dropped due to COVID-19. Due to these and other measures there has not been any increase in the level 
of defaults in the Cover Pool as at the date of the Base Prospectus, however the pandemic is still ongoing and 
the level of support from Norwegian authorities to individuals could change in the future, and therefore the 
impact on the Issuer and the Cover Pool remains uncertain.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, vaccines against COVID-19 are being distributed in Norway and 
certain restrictive measures from the Norwegian authorities are being softened. However, the progress of the 
Norwegian vaccination programme, and how effective such vaccinations are, remain uncertain; as is the 
impact of the relaxation of restrictive measures imposed by the Norwegian authorities. Therefore, the Issuer 
cannot rule out that borrowers whose mortgages are included in the Cover Pool may experience a sudden 
loss of income going forward.  
There are many circumstances that affect the level of credit loss, early repayments, withdrawals and final 
payments of interest and principal amounts, such as changes in the economic climate, both nationally and 
internationally, changes in taxation, interest rate developments, inflation and political changes. Borrowers 
may default as a result of interest rate increases or as a result of changes in their own personal circumstances 
(e.g. following redundancy or divorce) or following natural disasters, illness (including any illness arising in 
connection with an epidemic or pandemic), widespread health crises or the fear of such crises (such as 
COVID-19, measles, SARS, Ebola, H1N1, Zika, avian influenza, swine flu, or other epidemic diseases). If a

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
material amount of the assets in the Cover Pool were to default, there is no guarantee that the required level 
of assets within the Cover Pool could be maintained or that the Issuer would be in a position to substitute 
non-defaulting assets for defaulting assets or add a sufficient amount of new assets to the Cover Pool.  
If borrowers default on their mortgage loans, enforcement actions can be taken by the Issuer in order to 
realise the value of the collateral securing these mortgage loans. When collateral is enforced, a court order 
may be needed to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay (if disputed by the borrower) and to enable a sale 
by executive measures. If, in the context of an enforcement action, the Issuer is not able to obtain the 
relevant court decision or the real estate market in Norway substantially declines, there is a risk that the 
Issuer may not be able to recover the entire amount of the outstanding mortgage loan. Further, should the 
housing market in Norway substantially decline, the value of the Issuer’s collateral for its mortgage loans 
will be adversely affected and may result in the Cover Pool not containing sufficient assets to meet all 
covered liabilities and/or comply with applicable balance and overcollateralisation requirements (see risk 
factor titled "Overcollaterisation" below). Any failure to recover the full amount of the Issuer’s mortgage 
loans could jeopardise the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Notes, which are backed by 
payments from the mortgage loans included in the Cover Pool. 
1.6 Termination payments for Swaps may reduce the value of the Cover Pool 
If any of the Interest Rate Swaps or the Currency Swaps are terminated, the Issuer may as a result be obliged 
to make a termination payment to the relevant Swap Provider. The amount of the termination payment will 
be based on the cost of entering into a replacement Interest Rate Swap or Currency Swap, as the case may 
be. Any termination payment to be made by the Issuer to a Swap Provider will rank pari passu with claims 
for payments due to the Noteholders. Consequently, if the Issuer is unable to make the termination payment 
to the relevant Swap Provider from its own funds, the Cover Pool may be used to make such termination 
payments which will reduce the value of the Cover Pool for other preferential claims, such as the Notes 
Risks relating to the Regulatory, Political and Economic Environment of the Issuer 
1.1 Regulatory changes may have an adverse impact on the Issuer  
The Issuer’s business is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and 
supervision, all of which are subject to continuous development and updates. Overall there is a trend of 
increasing regulatory scrutiny of the financial service business within which the Issuer operates. Any 
significant regulatory development or increased supervision could have an adverse effect on how the Issuer 
conducts its business, the products and services it offers and the value of its assets. Further, such changes 
may result in increased compliance costs and may affect the Issuer’s results of operations. 
Under EEA law, credit mortgage institutions fall within the definition of a credit institution as set out in 
Directive 2013/36 (CRD IV) and Regulation 575/2013 (CRR) (together, the CRD IV Package). The CRD 
IV Package was fully transposed into Norwegian law on 31 December 2019. 
With an aim to maintain existing capital requirements in real terms following Norway’s implementation of 
the CRD IV Package in December 2019, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance adopted changes in credit 
institutions’ capital requirements by increasing the systemic risk buffer from 3 per cent. to 4.5 per cent. for 
domestic exposures. The increased systemic risk buffer requirement took effect from 31 December 2020 for 
domestic exposures that are subject to the advanced IRB approach. For exposures that are subject to the 
standardised approach (such as the Issuer’s exposures), the change in the systemic risk buffer requirement 
will  apply from 31 December 2022. 
Under the Act, a credit institution shall, under Pillar 1, hold own funds equaling at least 8 per cent. of its risk-
weighted assets (RWA). At least 4.5 per cent of the own funds requirement must be met with Common 
Equity Tier 1 (CET1) and at least 1.5 per cent. must be met with Additional Tier 1. The remaining 2 per

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
cent. may be met with Tier 2. In addition to the minimum requirement of 4.5 per cent. of CET1, the Act 
imposes various capital buffer requirements, which must also be met with CET1. 
The capital buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent., (ii) a systemic risk buffer 
of 3 or 4.5 per cent. (as applicable) and (iii) a counter-cyclical buffer of maximum 2.5 per cent. The level of 
the counter-cyclical buffer requirement shall be determined by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance each 
quarter following advice from the Norwegian Central Bank. Due to COVID-19, the Norwegian Ministry of 
Finance reduced the counter-cyclical buffer rate to 1 per cent. with effect from 13 March 2020. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the counter-cyclical buffer rate is still at 1 per cent. On 17 June 2021, the Norwegian 
Central Bank advised the Norwegian Ministry of Finance to increase the counter-cyclical buffer rate to 1.5 
per cent with effect from 30 June 2022. In addition, the Norwegian Central Bank stated that it expects to 
advise the Norwegian Ministry of Finance to further increase the counter-cyclical buffer rate during the 
course of 2021. 
Pursuant to regulations currently in force, the leverage ratio requirement is 5 per cent. for banks and 3 per 
cent. for credit mortgage institutions (such as the Issuer).   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer meets the regulatory capital requirements to which it is 
subject.  
Failure to comply with any of the above-mentioned capital requirements applicable to it or other regulatory 
requirements, may have adverse consequences for the business and operations of the Issuer. Regulatory 
changes imposing stricter capital requirements could have an adverse effect on how the Issuer conducts its 
business and may adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations.  
1.2 Other Regulatory Developments 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability through 
increased regulation of financial institutions and their corresponding capital and liquidity positions. This has 
resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages of implementation and 
which may have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in covered bond exposures and/or 
on the incentives for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such 
securities. 
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) has approved 
significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being commonly 
referred to by the BCBS as Basel III (Basel III)). Basel III provides for a substantial strengthening of 
existing prudential rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with 
heightened requirements for global systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio 
“backstop” for financial institutions and certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)). BCBS member countries agreed to 
implement Basel III from 1 January 2013 and the second phase from 1 January 2022, subject to transitional 
and phase-in arrangements for certain requirements. As implementation of Basel III requires national 
legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the 
treatment of covered bonds (e.g. as LCR eligible assets or not), may be subject to some level of national 
variation. It should also be noted that changes to regulatory capital requirements have been made for 
insurance and reinsurance undertakings through participating jurisdiction initiatives, such as the Solvency II 
framework for Europe. 
It should also be noted that at the end of 2019, the European Parliament and the Council finalised the 
legislative package on covered bond reforms made up of a new covered bond directive (Directive (EU) 
2019/2162) and a new regulation (Regulation (EU) 2019/2160)), which entered into force on 7 January 2020 
with the deadline for application of 8 July 2022 (both texts have relevance for the EEA and are to be 
implemented in due course in other countries in the EEA. The new covered bond directive replaces current

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
article 52(4) of the UCITS Directive, establishes a revised common base-line for issue of covered bonds for 
EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options that members states may choose to exercise when 
implementing the new directive through national laws). The new regulation will be directly applicable in the 
EU from 8 July 2022 (and will be implemented in due course in other countries in the EEA) and it amends 
article 129 of the CRR (and certain related provisions) and further strengthens the criteria for covered bonds 
that benefit from preferential capital treatment under the CRR regime. Given that the aspects of the new 
regime will require transposition through national laws, the final position is not yet known, therefore there 
can be no assurances or predictions made as to the precise effect of the new regime on the Notes and 
includes an option for the EU member states to allow tap issues with respect to grandfathered covered bonds 
(for up to 24 months after 8 July 2022), provided such tap issues comply with certain prescribed 
requirements). 
On 13 January 2020, the NFSA published a consultative paper relating to implementation of the new EU 
legislation on covered bonds, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation (EU) 2019/2150 implementing 
certain amendments to Art. 129 of the CRR, which will require certain amendments to the current 
Norwegian legislation on covered bonds. The consultative paper was submitted to a hearing by the Ministry 
of Finance on 23 March 2020. The hearing deadline was 17 August 2020. The new EU legislation shall be 
implemented no later than 8 July 2021 and take effect no later than 8 July 2022, and the Ministry of Finance 
has stated its intention to implement the rules in Norway simultaneously with the EU. Implementation of the 
new EU legislation on covered bonds will impose new requirements on the Issuer such as, inter alia, an 
increased overcollateralisation requirement (from 2 to 5 per cent.), a new liquidity buffer requirement of 180 
days and stricter requirements for exercise of extendable maturity (aka ‘soft bullet’) rights by the Issuer. 
Current Norwegian covered bond legislation is in some respects stricter than the new EU legislation. For 
instance, Art. 129 of the CRR allows for inclusion of residential property mortgages with a loan to value 
(LTV) ratio up to 80 per cent., while Section 11-4 of the Regulations only allows for an LTV ratio up to 75 
per cent. If the NFSA’s proposal to incorporate CRR Art. 129 by reference is implemented, the amount of 
applicable cover assets for Norwegian covered bond issuers with cover pools consisting of residential 
property mortgages will increase. Currently, Norwegian covered bonds comply with the EU Capital 
Requirements Directive regulations and qualify for a 10 per cent. risk weighting in eligible European 
jurisdictions. However, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how any of the regulatory developments described 
above will impact the treatment of the Notes. 
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements described above (and any 
corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in addition to any other 
applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Notes. No predictions can be made 
as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments.  They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios.  A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return. 
Notes obligations of the Issuer only. 
The Notes will be solely obligations of the Issuer and will not be obligations of or guaranteed by any other 
entity.  In particular, the Notes will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by, the Arranger, the 
Dealers, the Swap Providers, the Bank (as defined in the section "Storebrand Boligkreditt AS") or any 
company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the transaction documents 
relating to the Programme.  No liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount 
due under the Notes shall be accepted by any of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Swap Providers, the Bank or 
any company in the same group of companies as such entities or any other party to the transaction documents 
relating to the Programme. 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Notes issued under the Programme (save in respect of the first issue of Notes) will either be fungible with an 
existing Series of Notes or have different terms to an existing Series of Notes (in which case they will 
constitute a new Series).  All Notes issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other and with 
any other Covered Bonds which may be issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Act. 
No events of default. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, the occurrence of which would entitle the 
Noteholders to accelerate the Notes and it is envisaged that Noteholders would only be paid the scheduled 
interest payments under the Notes as and when they fall due under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as the case may be. 
No gross-up. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes, all payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or on account of 
withholding taxes imposed by the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law, in which case such 
deduction will be made by the Issuer. 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes do not require the Issuer to pay 
additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform in the case of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes) of 
Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in 
writing or through the use of electronic consents.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.   
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes also provide that the Issuer and the Agent 
may, without the consent of Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders other 
than holders of VPS Notes, agree to any modification of the Notes other than VPS Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law.  Any such modification shall be binding 
on the holders of Notes other than VPS Notes, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders as described in 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes.   
 
The VPS Trustee Agreement (as defined below) provides that the Issuer and the VPS Trustee (acting on 
behalf of the VPS Noteholders) may agree to amend the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Conditions or 
waive a past default or anticipated failure to comply with any provision in the VPS Conditions or the VPS 
Trustee Agreement without prior approval of the affected VPS Noteholders, provided that: 
  
• 
such amendment or waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS 
Noteholders in any material respect;  
• 
such amendment or waiver is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; 
or  
• 
such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant 
authority. 
 
Subject to the above conditions being met, such modifications or amendments may be effectuated without 
the consent of a VPS Noteholder, or against such VPS Noteholder’s wishes. 
 
A Restructuring Plan implemented pursuant to Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 may modify or disapply 
certain terms of the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders. 
 
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or may 
affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a Plan) with 
its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the Corporate Insolvency and 
Governance Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of those financial 
difficulties. Should this happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into creditor classes and 
can vote on any such Plan (subject to being excluded from the vote by the English courts for having no 
genuine economic interest in the Issuer). Providing that one class of creditors (who would receive a payment, 
or have a genuine economic interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, and in the view of the English 
courts any dissenting class(es) who did not approve the Plan are no worse off under the Plan than they would 
be in the event of the “relevant alternative” (such as, broadly, liquidation or administration), then the English 
court can sanction the Plan where it would be a proper exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding 
on all creditors and members, regardless of whether they approved it. Any such sanctioned Plan in relation to 
the Issuer may, therefore, adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment 
in the Notes, as it may have the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Notes (by, for 
example, writing down the principal amount of the Notes, modifying the interest payable on the Notes, the 
maturity date or dates on which any payments are due or substituting the Issuer).

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
Withholding tax - Norway 
Effective from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax rules for certain interest payments from 
Norway. The withholding obligation applies to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who 
are resident in low tax jurisdictions. Due to the constitution of the Issuer as a credit mortgage institution 
wholly owned by a Norwegian commercial bank, the Issuer does not expect the withholding tax rules to 
apply to interest payments on Notes issued by it. 
In the event that any such withholding is required by law, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes do not require the Issuer to pay additional 
amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Norwegian law or 
administrative practice.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes (save for Condition 2 thereof) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such Notes are based on English law; Condition 2 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes is governed by Norwegian law, in each case 
as in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.   
The Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (save for Conditions 2, 10, 11 and 12 thereof) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such Notes are based on English law; Conditions 
2, 10, 11 and 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes are governed by Norwegian law, in each case 
as in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or 
Norwegian law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value.  During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest 
basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the change of interest basis 
may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including EURIBOR, NIBOR and 
STIBOR) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing 
such a "benchmark".  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. The 
EU Benchmarks Regulation was transposed into Norwegian law through the Norwegian Reference Value 
Act of 6 December 2019 No. 76 (Nw. refereanseverdiloven), which entered into force on 20 December 2019. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, 
it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
In Norway, a Norwegian working group on alternative reference rates in NOK has explored the possibility of 
an alternative reference rate and consequences of a discontinuation of NIBOR. In 2019, it recommended a 
modified Norwegian Overnight Weighted Average rate (NOWA) as the alternative reference rate for 
NIBOR, which from 1 January 2020 has been administered by the Norwegian Central Bank (Norges Bank). 
The working group continued its work through 2020 by establishing two subgroups comprising a group for 
market standards and fallback provisions and a group for exploring the establishment of an Overnight Index 
Swap (OIS) market in NOK. On 28 September 2020, the working group published a consultation paper on 
fallback provisions and term and spread adjustments between NIBOR and NOWA upon a discontinuation of 
NIBOR. Its final report and recommendation for market conventions and fallback solutions was published on 
15 December 2020. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including 
EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" 
and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or 
otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a “benchmark”. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, including an inter-
bank offered rate such as EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or other relevant reference rates, ceases to be 
published or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that 
the Rate of Interest or other amounts payable under the Notes could be set by reference to a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Rate determined by the Issuer following consultation with  an Independent Adviser, and 
that, if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as the case may be) is determined, the Adjustment Spread 
shall also be determined by the Issuer, following consultation with the relevant Independent Adviser (as 
described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes, respectively) and may also include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than the VPS Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as applicable, to ensure the proper 
operation of the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or the Adjustment Spread, as applicable. 
An Adjustment Spread could be positive, negative or zero and may not be effective in reducing or 
eliminating any economic prejudice to investors arising out of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). The use of a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (including with the application of the applicable Adjustment Spread) will still result in any 
Notes referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
No consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders, Couponholders or VPS Noteholders, as applicable, shall be 
required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any 
other related adjustments and/or amendments described above. Any such adjustment or amendment could 
have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, Receiptholder, Couponholder or VPS Noteholder, as applicable, any such 
adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder, Receiptholder, Couponholder or VPS Noteholder, as 
applicable.  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or, in either case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the 
Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based 
on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the potential for further regulatory developments, 
there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the amount payable under, the Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
referring a benchmark. 
Extendable obligations under the Notes. 
Following the failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Notes on their 
Maturity Date, payment of such amounts shall be automatically deferred if the Final Terms for a relevant 
Series of Notes (the relevant Series of Notes) provides that such Notes are subject to an Extended Final 
Maturity Date (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes") to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption 
Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not 
paid in full on the Maturity Date. 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Final Maturity 
Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the 
Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The Issuer is not required to notify the Noteholders of such automatic deferral.  The Extended Final Maturity 
Date will fall one year after the Maturity Date.  Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be 
payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended 
Final Maturity Date.  In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment in respect of the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the Issuer.  However, 
failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount or the balance thereof on the Extended Final 
Maturity Date and/or interest on such amount on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date 
up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date shall constitute a default in payment by the Issuer. 
Furthermore, in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each Interest 
Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date, as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may pay such interest pursuant to the Floating Rate set out 
in the applicable Final Terms notwithstanding that the relevant Note was a Fixed Rate Note as at its relevant 
Issue Date. 
In addition, following deferral of the Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods may 
change as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Bond’, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor.  
The applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) relating to 
any specific Series of Notes may describe such Notes as “Green Bonds”, or otherwise provide that it will be 
the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically 
for Eligible Green Assets (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below) that promote climate-friendly and other 
environmental purposes. Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Base Prospectus 
and the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for 
any Eligible Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
the relevant Eligible Green Assets). Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-
labelled asset or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular asset to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label, continues to evolve (including as a result of the introduction of 
the EU Taxonomy (as defined below) and similar classifications schemes in other jurisdictions), and such 
Eligible Green Assets may not reflect these developments. Even if such a definition or market consensus 
should develop or be established, no assurance can be given that any Eligible Green Assets will meet such 
definition or consensus requirements. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any 
Eligible Green Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy)), or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any Eligible Green 
Assets. The Issuer has published a Green Bond Framework that may be updated from time to time and which 
is available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.storebrand.no/en/investor-relations/rating-and-funding (as 
it may be updated from time to time, the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer’s Green Bond Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or any Dealer as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green 
Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social 
and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is 
only current as of the date that report, assessment, opinion or certification was issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or 
the information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for 
the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor 
is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, this Base Prospectus and/or 
the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes); however, 
whilst (in line with the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework) the Issuer has committed, on a best efforts basis, to 
attempt to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds to Eligible Green Assets 
within 3 years of the date of the issuance of such Green Bonds, there can accordingly be no assurance that 
the relevant asset(s) or use(s) which are the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Eligible Green Assets. 
Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Assets will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Pending allocation of the net proceeds of any Green Bonds, an amount 
equal to such proceeds will be invested on a temporary basis in accordance with the relevant internal treasury 
policies of the Storebrand Group, in cash or cash equivalents or similar instruments, or where possible, in 
environmental, social and governance-oriented funds. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the 
application of the proceeds of any Green Bonds issued under the Programme.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any Eligible Green Assets, 
or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, as aforesaid will not 
constitute an event of default or, as the case may be, enforcement event under the relevant Green Bonds. The 
withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is opining or certifying on, and/or any 
such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, 
as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds, and also potentially the 
value of any other Green Bonds which are intended to finance Eligible Green Assets, and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. In addition, as noted above, the Issuer’s Eligible Green Assets may not meet any future definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or 
an equivalently-labelled asset, should such definition or consensus materialise. 
 
Investors should refer to the Issuer's website and the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as further described in 
“Use of Proceeds” below) for further information. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index 
Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes.  In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected 
or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it. 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or 
formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or 
other factors (each, a Relevant Factor).  In addition, the Issuer may issue Exempt Notes with principal or 
interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated.  Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Exempt Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal;

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Exempt Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or 
interest payable likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, 
the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Exempt Notes.  Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment 
in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Exempt Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
Where Exempt Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent 
instalment of the issue price could lose all of their investment. 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment.  Any 
failure by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of the relevant Exempt 
Notes could result in such investor losing all of their investment. 
Exempt Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or 
other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Exempt Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar 
related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR.  The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms).  Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes.   
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.   
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes.  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.   
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified 
Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable 
on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates Investment 
in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid 
on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.   
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes.  The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
 (a) 
the auditors' report and audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2019 (which can be found at https://www.storebrand.no/en/investor-
relations/annual-reports/_/attachment/inline/6da225ea-4a48-45d2-bef9-
493795d18ce7:b7b5bcc18784763d51affc6b3834e8334aca6cf7/2019-annual-report-storebrand-
boligkreditt.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular:  
Profit and Loss Account………………………………. 
Page 10 
Statement of Comprehensive Income………………… 
Page 10 
Statement of Financial Position ……………………… 
Page 11 
Statement of Changes in Equity………………………. 
Page 12 
Statement of Cash Flow………………………………. 
Page 13 
Accounting Principles and Notes……………………… 
Pages 14 to 49 
Audit Report…………………………………………… 
Pages 51 to 55 
(b) 
the auditors' report and audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020 (which can be found at https://www.storebrand.no/en/investor-
relations/annual-reports/_/attachment/inline/49ca0940-864b-431a-9c73-
ceb1d6f8bd43:f20dcb7aaa3612067e999d716e14785e1086649a/Storebrand%20Boligkreditt%202020
_ENG.pdf ), including the information set out at the following pages in particular:  
Profit and Loss Account……………………………. 
Page 10 
Statement of Comprehensive Income……………… 
Page 10 
Statement of Financial Position …………………… 
Page 11 
Statement of Changes in Equity…………………… 
Page 12 
Statement of Cash Flow…………………………… 
Page 13 
Accounting Principles and Notes………………….. 
Pages 14 to 50 
Audit Report……………………………………..… 
Pages 52 to 56 
(c) 
the unaudited financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.storebrand.no/en/investor-relations/quarterly-
reporting/storebrand-boligkreditt-as/_/attachment/inline/e20c522d-2e9a-4311-ac73-
69adb56c6dc3:863a6696102d60fedd98328581a57b65c4b1e9ae/2021-1q-interim-report-storebrand-
boligkreditt.pdf), including the information set out at the following pages in particular:

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
Income Statement…………………………………………. 
Page 6 
Statement of Financial Position …………………………… 
Page 7 
Statement of Changes in Equity……………………. 
Page 8 
Statement of Cash Flow……………………………. 
Page 9 
Accounting Principles and Notes…………………… 
Pages 10 to 23 
 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes on pages 64 to 87 and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes on pages 88 to 109 of the Base Prospectus dated 20 June 2017 (which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.storebrand.no/en/investor-relations/rating-and-
funding/_/attachment/inline/c64b9de9-eabf-4da6-baba-
ecb0695806bd:9b32222b6d494861d6c4607b22832a8596ead167/storebrand-boligkreditt-2017-base-
prospectus.pdf);  
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes on pages 68 to 91 and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes on pages 92 to 113 of the Base Prospectus dated 27 June 2018 (which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.storebrand.no/en/investor-relations/rating-and-
funding/_/attachment/inline/14e25385-c55d-4846-948f-
e5933c0399be:667d3502d415845b941d11fb34b7791015e78b71/boligkreditt-base-prospectus-
2018.pdf); and 
(f)  
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes on pages 68 to 95 and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes on pages 96 to 121 of the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2019 (which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.storebrand.no/en/investor-relations/rating-and-
funding/_/attachment/inline/84a8e98f-fd5b-4907-919a-
3f03a0165953:40ed4790e432ecb3febee1f0d6ac6e405cd8ae7f/Storebrand-Boligkreditt-2019-Base-
Prospectus.pdf). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Certain information contained in, or incorporated by reference in, the documents listed above has not been 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any parts not 
listed in the cross-reference list above).  Such information has not been incorporated by reference as it is 
either (i) not considered by the Issuer to be relevant for prospective investors in the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme or (ii) is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
In the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without receipts, interest coupons and/or 
talons attached or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes other than VPS Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of 
a temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a 
Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless 
such certification has already been given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon 
due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the 
Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, 
Exchange Event means that (i) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and no successor clearing system is available or (ii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in 
definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange.  
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, 
receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes"), the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after 
the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code 
and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the 
same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be 
prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Where any Note is represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due 
and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount 
due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on 
the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to 
the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 1 July 2021 and executed by the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the above, a single Global Note in respect of each Tranche of Notes issued in Swiss francs 
and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. will be delivered to SIX SIS Ltd., the Swiss Securities Services 
Corporation in Olten, Switzerland or any intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by the 
SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. (SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. or any such other intermediary, the Intermediary) and 
will be exchanged for definitive Notes only in the limited circumstances set out in such Global Note. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a new Base 
Prospectus or a Supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.  
VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form.  Legal title 
to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. On the issue of such 
VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies sent to the Agent and the VPS Agent 
(the VPS Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of a Final 
Terms attached thereto.  On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the relevant Final Terms to 
Euronext VPS and notification to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their Euronext VPS account details 
by the relevant Dealer, the account operator acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing 
account holder with Euronext VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two 
Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction.  Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes 
will only take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS.   
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes and vice versa. 
General 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Intermediary and/or Euronext VPS 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more 
issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]* 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]† 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II or the Norwegian Securities Trading Act is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
                                                     
*  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
†  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] ‡ 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] § 
[Date] 
Storebrand Boligkreditt AS 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5967007LIEEXZX6GU836 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 1 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus).  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.  The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/ .] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than VPS Notes] [the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] (the Conditions) set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 20 June 2017/27 June 2018/ 26 June 2019.  This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/ .] 
                                                     
‡  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
§  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.)  
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 20 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
[          ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR 100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000]".) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest for 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
 
[ 
] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor.  Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/ 
Floating rate - Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year] ] 
8. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]; in each case falling one year after the 
Maturity Date] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[  ] month [  ] EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [  
] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [14]/[15/[16] below)] 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[  ] month [  ] EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [  
] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below)] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100]/[  ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
(N.B. For Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, 
redemption must be at 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable. See paragraphs 14 and 15 below][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(see [18]/[18] below)] 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[             ] [and [             ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
(i) 
Period to (and including) the Maturity 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 14(i)) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(If payable other than annually, consider amending 
Condition [3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [3 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes]) 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] (Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
for Notes in definitive form (and 
in relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
 
 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
(ii) 
Period from (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date to (and including) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 14(ii))

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
 
 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(If payable other than annually, consider amending 
Condition [3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes] [3 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes]) 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date]/[specify other] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
for Notes in definitive form (and 
in relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Period 
to 
(and 
including) 
the 
Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 15(i)) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[          ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
(Either EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR) 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, the second Oslo business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR and the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if STIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR 
based option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(ii) 
Period from (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date to (and including) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph 15(ii)) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[          ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
(Either EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR)  
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, the second Oslo business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR and the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if STIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR 
based option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [         ] days 
Maximum period:  [          ] days  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
18. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry 
form] 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in 
the "Form of the Notes" section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves.  N.B. The 
exchange upon notice/at any time options should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]". 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes) 
 
(Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository 
or other institution for the purpose of their 
immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(If VPS Notes, must be “No”.) 
21. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which item 
16(c) relates) 
22. 
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C rules 
applicable or TEFRA rules not applicable 
or TEFRA D (Swiss practice): 
[TEFRA 
D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA 
not 
applicable/TEFRA D] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Storebrand Boligkreditt AS: 
By: 
 ............................................................. 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of [Euronext Dublin][the Oslo 
Stock Exchange] [and listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin ]with effect from [     ].]   
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[[     ] by S&P] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[[Each of] [S&P] is established in the [European 
Union] and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation)] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Use of proceeds: 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus/[Green

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
Bonds]/Give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details.) 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Euronext VPS (Address: Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 
Oslo, Norway), organisation no. [  ] 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information 
from the register maintained by Euronext VPS for the 
purposes of performing its obligations under the VPS 
Notes] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] (include this text if 
"yes" selected in which case the Notes must be issued 
in NGN form)

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] (If VPS Notes, must be 
“No”.) 
(ix) 
Country(ies) 
where 
the 
Prospectus has been notified: 
[Norway / [    ] / Not Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[      ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
2; 
TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2016/97 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]** 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]†† 
[MiFID II/UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
 [Date] 
Storebrand Boligkreditt AS 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5967007LIEEXZX6GU836 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
                                                     
**  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
††  
Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 July 2021 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the Base Prospectus).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base 
Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus].‡‡  Any reference in the Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a 
reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement”, where relevant. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
[          ] 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest for 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
                                                     
‡‡  
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a different date.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Fixed rate - specify date/ 
Floating rate - Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]; in each case falling one year after the Maturity 
Date] 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[  ] month [  ] EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [  ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [16]/[17]/[18] below)] 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[  ] month [  ] EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [  ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [16]/[17]/[18] below)] 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes into 
another 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(see [21]/[22] below)] 
14. 
Status of Notes: 
Senior

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
15. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
 
[             ] [and [             ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(i) 
Period to (and including) the Maturity 
Date: 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph 16(i)) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(If payable other than annually, consider amending 
Condition [3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes] [3 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes]) 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
 
 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
 
 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
(ii) 
Period from (but excluding) the Maturity 
 
[None/Give details] 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Date to (and including) the Extended 
Final Maturity Date: 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph 16(ii)) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(If payable other than annually, consider amending 
Condition [3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes] [3 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes]) 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[[  ] in each month up to and including the Extended 
Final Maturity Date]/[specify other] 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
coupons which are not on a monthly basis) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
 
 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
 
[None/Give details] 
 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(i) 
Period to (and including) the Maturity 
Date: 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph 17(i)) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following  
Business Day Convention/Modified Following

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[     ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/ specify other Reference 
Rate] 
(Either EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or other, although 
additional information is required if other - including 
fallback provisions in the Agency Agreement) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, 
the second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if NIBOR and the second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR  based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Other] 
(See [Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than the VPS Notes][Condition 3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] for 
alternatives) 
(m) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
(ii) 
Period from (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date to (and including) the Extended 
Final Maturity Date: 
[          ] 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph 17(ii)) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following  
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[     ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/specify other Reference 
Rate] 
(Either EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR or other, 
although additional information is required if other - 
including fallback provisions in the Agency Agreement) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[          ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, 
the second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if NIBOR and the second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR ) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR R based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(l) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Other] 
(See [Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than the VPS Notes][Condition 3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] for 
alternatives) 
 
[          ] 
 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
19. 
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
[give name] 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(d) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement disruption events and adjustment provisions] 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[          ] 
20. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
[          ] 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement disruption events and adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[          ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
 
Minimum period:  [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
 
Minimum period:  [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[on 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event/at any time at the request of the Issuer]] 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry form] 
[CHF Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the CHF 
Global Note] 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 
"Form of the Notes" section in the Base Prospectus 
and the Notes themselves) 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment 
and 
not 
Interest 
Period 
end 
dates 
to 
which 
sub-paragraphs 17(c) and 19(g) relate) 
26. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
of failure to pay, including any right of 
the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and interest 
due on late payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global Note 
may be required for Partly Paid issues] 
27. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
28. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Storebrand Boligkreditt AS:  
By: 
 ............................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]  
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings of 
the Notes are different to those stated in the Base 
Prospectus)  
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and 
[its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
3. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
Use of Proceeds: 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus/[Green 
Bonds]/Give details]] 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different to that 
stated in the Base Prospectus) 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI:  
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking S.A. or 
Swiss 
Securities 
Services 
Corporation and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Euronext VPS (Address: Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 
Oslo, Norway), organisation no. [  ] 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from 
the register maintained by Euronext VPS for the 
purposes of performing its obligations under the VPS

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
Notes] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
(including any Swiss Paying 
Agents 
or 
Principal 
Swiss 
Paying Agent) (if any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[include this text if "yes" selected in which case the 
Notes must be issued in NGN form] 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosytem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] (If VPS Notes, must be “No”.) 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D (Swiss practice)/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional United States selling 
restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes)

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a 
key information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES OTHER THAN VPS NOTES 
Any reference in the Terms and Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a 
reference to "applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes which will be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter 
case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note 
will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Pricing 
Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, 
to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or 
modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  
Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which 
will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are covered bonds (Nw: obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued by Storebrand Boligkreditt AS (the 
Issuer) in accordance with Chapter 11, subchapter II of Act of 10 April 2015 no 17 on financial 
undertakings and financial groups Nw: Lov 10, april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksloven) (the Act) and the Regulation of 9 December 2016  no 1502 on financial undertakings 
and financial groups (Nw: Forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr.1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern) (the 
Regulations).   
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Storebrand Boligkreditt AS (the Issuer) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the Agency Agreement) dated 1 July 2021 and made between the Issuer, and Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these 
Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) and, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, 
, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
purposes of this Note.  References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of 
the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Exempt Notes in definitive form which are 
repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than 
the final instalment) attached on issue.  Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on 
issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to Couponholders 
shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of 
the Talons.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Deed of Covenant) dated 26 June 2015 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is 
held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined 
below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection or collection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, or (ii) may be provided by 
email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent).  If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Central Bank of Ireland.  If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
will only be obtainable from the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent by a Noteholder holding one 
or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying 
Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The 
statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
For the purposes of these conditions, euro shall mean the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a 
Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note, a Note denominated in 
Swiss francs and offered to the public in Switzerland and/or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. or 
a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer 
and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding 
any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the 
Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly.   
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note which is deposited with SIX SIS Ltd. 
or any intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. 
(SIX SIS Ltd. or any such other intermediary, the Intermediary) and entered into the accounts of one 
or more participants of the Intermediary, such Global Note will constitute intermediated securities 
(Bucheffekten) (Intermediated Securities) in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each holder of the Notes deposited with the Intermediary shall have a quotal co-ownership interest 
(Miteigentumsanteil) in such Global Note to the extent of his claim against the Issuer, provided that

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
for so long as such Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary the co-ownership interest 
shall be suspended and such Notes may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of in accordance 
with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz), i.e. by 
entry of the transferred Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Notes held through each participant in 
that Intermediary.  In respect of the Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities, the holders of 
such Notes will be the persons holding the Notes in a securities account in their own name and for 
their own account. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Intermediary, as the 
case may be.  References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
2.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes of each Tranche constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that have been 
provided equivalent priority of claim to covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued in 
accordance with the terms of the Act. 
2.2 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Notes are outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the Act and the 
Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register (as defined below) with 
respect to the Notes and any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer (taking into account the effect 
of derivative contracts) having recourse to such Cover Pool shall at all times be a minimum of (a) 
102.0 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and any other covered bonds issued 
by the Issuer (taking into account the effect of derivative contracts) having recourse to such Cover 
Pool or (b) such other percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to 
the Agent and, if applicable, S&P (the Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage), provided 
that, to the extent S&P has assigned a credit rating to the Notes, the Issuer shall not at any time select 
an Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage unless: 
(i) 
the credit rating assigned to the Notes at such time by S&P is AAA; and 
(ii) 
S&P has confirmed in writing to the Issuer that, at the time of its confirmation, the selection of 
such Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage would not in and of itself result in its credit 
rating then assigned to the Notes by S&P being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on 
creditwatch. 
To the extent a higher level of minimum overcollateralisation is stipulated in any applicable 
legislation from time to time, such level of overcollateralisation shall be the minimum level required 
to be maintained by the Issuer. 
2.3 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Cover Pool means assets of the Issuer falling within the requirements of Section 11-8 of the Act, 
Section 11-4 of the Regulations and otherwise as set out in the Act and Regulations from time to time 
(other than any such asset in respect of which an amount has become due and payable to the Issuer, 
and such amount is not paid within 90 days of becoming due and payable); and 
Register means the register of covered bonds of the Issuer required to be maintained pursuant to the 
Act and the Regulations. 
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.   
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the Calculation 
Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of 
the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
3.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.   
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(iii) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either  EURIBOR, 
NIBOR or STIBOR in each case for the relevant currency and/or period, all as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case 
of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 3.2(b)(ii)(A), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 3.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest 
Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 11 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11.  For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.2, whether 
by the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith and manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders 
and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.3 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of a 
Series of Notes 
(a) 
If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms for a Series of Notes and 
the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in 
the Final Terms, each Note shall bear interest in accordance with this Condition 3.3 on its 
outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the Interest Payment Date upon

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
which the Notes are redeemed in full and the Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to 
Condition 3.6.  In such circumstances, the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period falling after 
the Maturity Date, and the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of such Interest Period, shall be determined by the Agent in accordance with (i) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that "Fixed Rate Provisions" are applicable for the period from 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date, 
Condition 3.1 mutatis mutandis or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify a "Floating Rate 
Provisions" are applicable for the period from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and 
including) the Extended Final Maturity Date, Condition 3.2 mutatis mutandis, as applicable, 
and the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
In the case of Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
for the purposes of this Condition 3.3, the outstanding nominal amount shall be the total 
amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the 
Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
(c) 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.3, whether by the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith and 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad 
faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
This Condition 3.3 shall only apply to a Series of Notes if the Issuer fails to redeem such 
Series of Notes (in full) at their Final Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) on the Maturity Date and the maturity of such Notes is automatically extended to 
the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5.1. 
3.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the 
Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions apply: 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.4(b)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread (in accordance with Condition 3.4(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 3.4(d)).  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.4 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Agent, any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders (as 
applicable) for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with 
any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3.4. 
(b) 
Successor or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with such Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, that:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (as provided in Condition 3.4(c)) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 3.4); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread (as provided in Condition 
3.4(c)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 3.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 3.4(b), the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, shall determine, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a 
formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 3.4 and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser determines, acting  in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, (A) 
that amendments to the Conditions (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of 
Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or, in either case, Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3.4(e), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders (as applicable), vary the Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.4, the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall notify the Agent, any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 11, 
the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders (as applicable), promptly of any Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments 
determined under this Condition 3.4. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 3.4, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply 
unless and until the Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), and of the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 3.4(e). 
(g) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to 
the Agent or any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest (as applicable), in each case pursuant to this Condition 3.4, the 
Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest 
on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 3.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply to such determination. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 3.4 shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.4. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 3.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either (I) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (II) the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which is to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (A) above does 
not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt capital market for 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(C) 
if neither (A) nor (B) above applies, the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders (as applicable) as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with this Condition 3.4 has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4(d); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (B)(i); 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (D)(i); 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (E)(i); or 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Issuer, 
the Agent, any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder (as applicable) using the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 3.4(a); 
Original Reference Rate means the Reference Rate originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate 
(or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a 
further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall include any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, 
(ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (iii) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
3.5 
Exempt Notes 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of 
Condition 3.2 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the 
references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent were references to Index Linked Interest 
notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will 
notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
3.6 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11.  
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen 
to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6, and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 6) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
4.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and save as 
provided in Condition 4.4) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  
Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 16) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
4.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States.  A record of each payment made distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented 
or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
4.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 4.1 above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Payment of the final instalment 
will be made in the manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with 
the preceding paragraph.  Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment 
together with the definitive Note to which it appertains.  Receipts presented without the definitive 
Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the date on which 
any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. 
4.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Intermediary as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the Intermediary as the case may be, for their share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
4.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in:  
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
4.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(c) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts;  
(d) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5.7); 
and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.  
4.8 
Transfer Restriction§§ 
Payments on the Notes will be made irrespective of any present or future transfer restrictions and 
regardless of any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing agreement which may be applicable at 
any time to such payment. 
                                                     
§§ Only applicable to Notes denominated in Swiss francs and offered to the public in Switzerland and/or listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
4.9 
Discharge of the Issuer† 
The receipt by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of the funds in 
Swiss francs in Zurich shall release the Issuer from its obligation under the Notes and Coupons for the 
payment of the principal and interest due on the respective payment dates to the extent of such 
payments and except to the extent that there is default in the subsequent payment thereof to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, as the case may be. 
Except to the extent required by law, payments of principal and interest in respect of any Notes 
denominated in Swiss francs shall be made in freely disposable Swiss francs without collection costs 
and, whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of the nationality, domicile or residence of the 
holder of the Notes and without requiring any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment of any other 
formality. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms for a Series of Notes and the Issuer 
has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, 
then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be deferred until 
the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to S&P, any relevant Swap Provider and the Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event at least 4 Business Days in London prior to the Maturity Date of any 
inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Notes on 
that Maturity Date.  Any failure by the Issuer to notify such parties (other than the Agent) shall not 
affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of Notes provides that such Notes are subject 
to an Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the Issuer on the Maturity Date shall not 
constitute a default in payment. 
5.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption 
must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the Intermediary (to be

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
reflected in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Intermediary as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date 
of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the 
Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.2 and 
notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 at 
least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
5.3 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date.   
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and the Intermediary deliver, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and 
in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is 
represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or the Intermediary to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of 
this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Intermediary (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
Intermediary or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
Intermediary from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time 
present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Intermediary given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 5.3 shall be irrevocable. 
5.4 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.   
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of 
Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
5.5 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  All Notes so purchased will be surrendered to 
a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
5.6 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes 
so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.5 above (together with all 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and 
cannot be reissued or resold. 
5.7 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Conditions 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be an amount (the Amortised Face 
Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(
)
y
AY
1
 
 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Face
 
Amortised
+
×
=
  
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and  
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365).  
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
As used herein, Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by the Issuer).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or 
interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of 
interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 16) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2. 
8. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
9. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent;  
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 4.4.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 11. 
In respect of any Notes denominated in Swiss francs and offered to the public in Switzerland and/or 
listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd., the Issuer will at all times maintain a Paying Agent having a 
specified office in Switzerland and will at no time maintain a Paying Agent having a specified address 
outside Switzerland.  In addition, all references in these Conditions to "Agent" and the "Paying 
Agents" shall, to the extent a Principal Swiss Paying Agent and Swiss Paying Agents are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, and so far as the context permits, be construed as references to the 
"Principal Swiss Paying Agent" and the "Swiss Paying Agents", respectively. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
10. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 7. 
11. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London.  It is expected that any such publication in 
a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices 
are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all 
required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places 
required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the 
Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Condition 11, so long as the Notes are listed on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange Ltd. and so long as the rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. so require (and provided that 
the Notes are not listed on another stock exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
(in which case the notice will also be published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange or 
authority)), notices in respect of such Notes will be validly given through the Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent by means of publication in the internet website of the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. 
(www.six.com).  In addition, the Principal Swiss Paying Agent may also publish any such notices by 
other means in accordance with the rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd.  Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
12. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION AND WAIVER  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders 
holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the 
votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all the holders or 
(iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form 
satisfactory to the  Agent) by or on behalf of all the holders, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders 
will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or 
not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 as soon as practicable thereafter.  
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the 
same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
14. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
15.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Condition 2), the Receipts, the 
Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Condition 2), the Receipts and the Coupons 
are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 2 is governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law.   
15.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 15.2(b) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the 
Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons) and accordingly each of the 
Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts.   
(b) 
This Condition 15.2(b) is for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders only.  To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as 
Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
(including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons) against the Issuer in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
15.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Clifford Chance Secretaries Limited at its registered office at 10 Upper Bank 
Street, London E14 5JJ as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Clifford 
Chance Secretaries Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings.  Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.  
16. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Currency Swap means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising 
from (a) Covered Notes which are issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets (other than 
loans) which are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies other than NOK; 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency Swap(s) entered into from 
time to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider under a 
Currency Swap Agreement; 
Interest Rate Swap means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to hedge 
the Issuer's interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not been 
hedged by a Currency Swap;

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) 
(as amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate Swap(s) entered into 
from time to time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap provider 
under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement;  
Relevant Date means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is 
duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11; 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, including its successors; 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the second person): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person; and 
Swap Providers means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES 
Any reference in the Terms and Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a 
reference to "applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any 
physical note or document of title other than a statement of account made by Euronext VPS.  Ownership of 
VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained 
by Euronext VPS. 
The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt VPS Notes may specify other terms 
and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms 
and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such VPS Notes.  
Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which 
will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS Notes. 
The VPS Notes are covered bonds (Nw: obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued by Storebrand Boligkreditt 
AS (the Issuer) in accordance with Chapter 11, subchapter II of Act of 10 April 2015 no 17 on financial 
undertakings and financial groups (Nw: Lov 10, april 2015 nr. 17 om finansforetak og finanskonsern 
(finansforetaksloven)) (the Act) and the Regulation of 9 December 2016  no 1502 on financial undertakings 
and financial groups (Nw: Forskrift 9. desember 2016 nr.1502 om finansforetak og finanskonsern) (the 
Regulations).  Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of notes issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme and each VPS Note will be issued in accordance with and subject to the trust agreement 
(such trust agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Trustee 
Agreement) dated 24 June 2021 made between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS (the VPS Trustee, which 
expression shall include any successor as Trustee).  
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean notes 
cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext 
VPS) (VPS Notes and Euronext VPS, respectively). 
The VPS Notes will be issued by the Issuer pursuant to an agency agreement dated 25 May 2016 (such 
agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Agency 
Agreement) between the Issuer and Danske Bank A/S (the VPS Agent). 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with 
Euronext VPS.  The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with Euronext VPS 
in respect of VPS Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. 
The final terms of each Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) attached to or endorsed on this VPS Note 
which complete these Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes (the VPS Conditions) and in the case of a 
VPS Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation (an Exempt Note), may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to 
the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these VPS Conditions, replace or modify these VPS 
Conditions for the purposes of the VPS Notes.  References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless 
otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on 
this VPS Note.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the VPS Notes (the VPS 
Noteholders and the holders of VPS Notes), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee 
Agreement and these VPS Conditions. 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of VPS Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of the VPS Agent and at the registered office of the VPS 
Trustee for the time being at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0160, Oslo, Norway. Copies of the applicable 
Final 
Terms 
for 
VPS 
Notes 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.storebrand.no/en/investor-relations/rating-and-funding). 
The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them.  
The statements in these VPS Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement and 
the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement will prevail, and in the event of inconsistency 
between the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated book entry form in the currency (the Specified Currency) and 
the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) as shown in Part A of the relevant Final Terms 
provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, or 
offered to the public in (i) a Member State of the European Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom 
in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be, the minimum Specified Denomination 
shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) 
and will be registered with a separate securities identification code in Euronext VPS. 
Unless this VPS Note is an Exempt Note, this VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate 
Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes, VPS or otherwise, of 
another Specified Denomination. VPS Notes will be registered with a separate securities identification 
code in Euronext VPS.   
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Notes other than VPS Notes, issued by the Issuer, and vice 
versa.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
If this VPS Note is an Exempt Note, this VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a 
Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this VPS Note is an Exempt Note, this VPS Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of 
Euronext VPS.  The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext VPS or one 
issued on behalf of Euronext VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a 
VPS Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS that are 
in force from time to time.  Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the 
holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
Each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euronext VPS as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such VPS Notes shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent, as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such VPS Notes for all purposes. VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE VPS NOTES AND OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will constitute unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that have 
been provided equivalent priority of claim to covered bonds (obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) issued in 
accordance with the terms of the Act. 
(b) 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the VPS Notes are outstanding, the value (as calculated in accordance with the Act 
and the Regulations) of the Cover Pool (as defined below) entered into the Register (as defined 
below) with respect to the VPS Notes and any other covered bonds issued by the Issuer (taking into 
account the effect of derivative contracts) having recourse to such Cover Pool shall at all times be a 
minimum of (i) 102.0 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the VPS Notes and any other 
covered bonds issued by the Issuer (taking into account the effect of derivative contracts) having 
recourse to such Cover Pool or (ii) such other percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time 
to time and notified to the VPS Trustee and, if applicable, S&P (the Alternative 
Overcollateralisation Percentage), provided that, to the extent S&P has assigned a credit rating to 
the VPS Notes, the Issuer shall not at any time select an Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage 
unless: 
(A) 
the credit rating assigned to the VPS Notes at such time by S&P is AAA; and 
(B) 
S&P has confirmed in writing to the Issuer that, at the time of its confirmation, the selection 
of such Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage would not in and of itself result in its 
credit rating then assigned to the VPS Notes by S&P being reduced, removed, suspended or 
placed on creditwatch.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
To the extent a higher level of minimum overcollateralisation is stipulated in any applicable 
legislation from time to time, such level of overcollateralisation shall be the minimum level required 
to be maintained by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Cover Pool means assets of the Issuer falling within the requirements of Section 11-8 of the Act, 
Section 11-4 of the Regulations and otherwise as set out in the Act and Regulations from time to time 
(other than any such asset in respect of which an amount has become due and payable to the Issuer, 
and such amount is not paid within 90 days of becoming due and payable); and 
Register means the register of covered bonds of the Issuer required to be maintained pursuant to the 
Act and the Regulations. 
3. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid Note, 
the amount paid up) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these VPS Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the VPS Notes become payable on a date other 
than an Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid 
Note, the amount paid up) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest 
will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the VPS Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date, or the relevant 
payment date if the Note becomes payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3(b)(i)(B), the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in 
the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either  EURIBOR, 
NIBOR or STIBOR in each case for the relevant currency and/or period, all as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, or Stockholm time, in the case 
of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)(1), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)(2), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this paragraph (iii) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this paragraph (iii) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on such 
Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period.  Each 
Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(i) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(ii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(iii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the VPS Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the VPS 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the VPS 
Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 9 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9.  For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London.  The notification of any rate or amount, if applicable, shall be made to the VPS in accordance 
with and subject to the VPS rules and regulations for the time being in effect. 
(vii) 
Determination or Calculation by the VPS Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the 
Rate of Interest, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute 
discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition, but 
subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may 
be, the VPS Trustee shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have 
been made by the Calculation Agent. 
(viii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3, by the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith and manifest error) be binding on 
all parties and (in the absence of wilful default of bad faith) no liability shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent or the VPS Trustee (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of a Series 
of Notes 
(i) 
If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms for a Series of Notes and 
the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in 
the Final Terms, each Note shall bear interest in accordance with this Condition 3(c) on its 
outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the Interest Payment Date upon 
which the Notes are redeemed in full and the Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to 
Condition 3(f).  In such circumstances, the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period falling after

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
the Maturity Date, and the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of such Interest Period, shall be determined by the Agent in accordance with (i) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that "Fixed Rate Provisions" are applicable for the period from 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date, 
Condition 3(a) mutatis mutandis or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify a "Floating Rate 
Provisions" are applicable for the period from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and 
including) the Extended Final Maturity Date, Condition 3(b) mutatis mutandis, as applicable, 
and the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
In the case of Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
for the purposes of this Condition 3(c), the outstanding nominal amount shall be the total 
amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the 
Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
(iii) 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3(c), whether by the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith and 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(iv) 
This Condition 3(c) shall only apply to a Series of Notes if the Issuer fails to redeem such 
Series of Notes (in full) at their Final Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) on the Maturity Date and the maturity of such Notes is automatically extended to 
the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5(a). 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the VPS 
Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions apply: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 3(d)(iv)).  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(d) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Agent, any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or the VPS Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 3(d). 
(ii) 
Successor or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with such Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, that:

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (as provided in Condition 3(d)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the VPS Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 3(d)); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread (as provided in 
Condition 3(d)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the VPS Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 3(d)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii), the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, shall determine, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a 
formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 3(d) and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser determines, acting  in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, (A) 
that amendments to the VPS Conditions (including, without limitation, amendments to the 
definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or, in either case, Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
3(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders, vary the VPS 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the VPS Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall notify the Agent, any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 9, the 
VPS Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 3(d). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 3(d), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3(b)(ii)(B) will continue to

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
apply unless and until the Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 3(d)(v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to 
the Agent or any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest (as applicable), in each case pursuant to this Condition 3(d), the 
Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest 
on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(B) will continue to apply to such determination. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 3(d) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3(d). 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 3(d): 
Adjustment Spread means either (I) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (II) the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which is to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (A) above does 
not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt capital market for 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(C) 
if neither (A) nor (B) above applies, the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
the VPS Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with this Condition 3(d) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the VPS Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(d)(iv); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (B)(i); 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (D)(i); 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (E)(i); or 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Issuer, 
the Agent, any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any VPS Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 3(d)(i); 
Original Reference Rate means the Reference Rate originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the VPS 
Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified 
Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced 
by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs 
in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall 
include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, 
(ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (iii) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Exempt Notes 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such VPS Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of 
Condition 3.2 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the 
references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent were references to Index Linked Interest 
Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will 
notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same.  In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero 
Coupon Notes), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such VPS Notes 
and otherwise as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(f) 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of such 
VPS Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
VPS Note has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
(g) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
VPS Notes, references in these VPS Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the VPS Conditions. If the Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any 
other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading bank 
or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-
the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination 
to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 6) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  Reference to specified 
currency will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS 
Noteholders will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of the VPS and will be 
effected through and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time 
governing Euronext VPS.  The VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the VPS Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account 
operating institution with Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the VPS 
Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the VPS Notes may be listed in each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9.  
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next following Payment 
Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
London; and  
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(C) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
in relation to VPS Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(iv) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5(g)); 
and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms for a Series of Notes and the Issuer 
has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, 
then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be deferred until 
the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to S&P, the VPS Trustee, the VPS Agent and any relevant Swap Provider as 
soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least 4 Business Days in London prior to the 
Maturity Date of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a 
Series of Notes on that Maturity Date.  Any failure by the Issuer to notify such parties (other than the 
VPS Agent) shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in 
any such party. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of Notes provides that such VPS Notes are 
subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the Issuer on the Maturity Date 
shall not constitute a default in payment.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the VPS Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  In the case of a partial redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed 
(Redeemed VPS Notes) will be selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext 
VPS in the relation to such VPS Notes, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
(such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the VPS Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
VPS Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 9 not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem such VPS Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, the holder of the VPS Notes, must, 
within the notice period, give notice (the Put Notice) to the VPS Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any VPS Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. 
(d) 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount of 
Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(e) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase VPS Notes at any price in the 
open market or otherwise.   
(f) 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be cancelled by 
causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner.  Any VPS Notes 
so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such VPS 
Notes shall be discharged. 
(g) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph 5(a), 5(b) or 5(c) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(
)
y
AY
1
 
 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Face
 
Amortised
+
×
=
  
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and  
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law.  
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The VPS Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within 
a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 15) therefor. 
8. 
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF VPS NOTES 
(a) 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo 
Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
being, of Euronext VPS. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in Euronext VPS through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euronext VPS. 
(b) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 5, the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption. 
(c) 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, 
transfer or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation 
to the registration. 
9. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of such exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date one day after 
delivery to Euronext VPS.  
10. 
MEETINGS OF VPS NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION  
Provisions with respect to Holders of VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more 
fully set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the provisions 
of the VPS Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes).  
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, the regulated market where the VPS 
Notes have been admitted to trading, or by VPS Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of the 
Voting VPS Notes (as such term is defined in the VPS Trustee Agreement).   
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is at least 50 per cent. of the Voting VPS Notes, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes certain matters set out below, the quorum 
shall be two-thirds of the Voting VPS Notes.  A resolution passed at any meeting of the VPS 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the VPS Noteholders, whether or not they are present at such 
meeting. 
Modification 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that in order to make the following amendments, a majority of 
at least two-thirds of the votes cast in respect of Voting VPS Notes is required: 
(i) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity; 
(ii) 
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date in respect 
of any interest in relation to the VPS Notes or variation of the method of calculating the rate 
of interest in respect of the VPS Notes;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
(iii) 
reduction of any Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(iv) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be made; 
(v) 
any alteration of Clause 4.1(f) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the matters for 
which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required), including modification of the majority 
required to pass a resolution of any matters listed in these paragraphs (i)-(vii); 
(vi) 
the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Conditions and the VPS Trustee 
Agreement to another Issuer; and/or 
(vii) 
a change of VPS Trustee;  
save as set out above, the VPS Trustee (acting on behalf of the VPS Noteholders) and the Issuer may 
agree to amend the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Conditions, or waive a past default or 
anticipated failure to comply with any provision in the VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Conditions 
without prior approval of the VPS Noteholders, provided that such amendment or waiver (x) not 
detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected VPS Noteholders in any material respect, (y) 
made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, or (z) required by applicable 
law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority. The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible 
notify the VPS Noteholders of any proposal to make such amendments, setting out the date from 
which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary. 
11. 
VPS TRUSTEE 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for 
its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction. VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by 
the Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
12. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding VPS Notes. 
13. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
14. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION  
(a) 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes (except for Conditions 2, 10, 11 and 12) and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (except for Conditions 2, 10, 11 and 12) are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Conditions 2, 10, 11 and 12 are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. The VPS Trustee Agreement and VPS 
Agency Agreement are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 15 March 2019 No. 6, as 
amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject 
to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and legislation. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
Subject to the following paragraph, the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes) and that accordingly any 
suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with 
the VPS Notes (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the VPS Notes) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer hereby irrevocably 
waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such 
Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings 
brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the 
courts of any other jurisdiction.  
This paragraph is for the exclusive benefit of the VPS Trustee and the VPS Noteholders.  To the 
extent allowed by law, the Issuer agrees that the courts of Norway are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of, or in connection with, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS 
Agency Agreement and that nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take 
Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, 
whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Clifford Chance Secretaries Limited at its registered office at 10 Upper Bank 
Street, London E14 5JJ as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Clifford 
Chance Secretaries Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
15. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these VPS Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings: 
Agency Agreement means an agency agreement dated 1 July 2021 between the Issuer and the agents 
named therein, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time; 
Calculation Agency Agreement in relation to any Series of VPS Notes means an agreement in or 
substantially in the form of Schedule 1 to the Agency Agreement; 
Calculation Agent means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, the person appointed as 
calculation agent in relation to the VPS Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation 
Agency Agreement (or any other agreement) and shall include any successor calculation agent 
appointed in respect of the VPS Notes; 
Currency Swap means each currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising 
from (a) Covered Notes which are issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets (other than 
loans) which are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated in currencies other than NOK;

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Currency Swap(s) entered into from 
time to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as currency swap provider under a 
Currency Swap Agreement; 
Dual Currency Interest Note means a VPS Note in respect of which payments of interest are made 
or to be made in such different currencies, and at rates of exchange calculated upon such basis or 
bases as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Dual Currency Note means a Dual Currency Interest Note and/or a Dual Currency Redemption Note, 
as applicable; 
Dual Currency Redemption Note means a VPS Note in respect of which payments of principal are 
made or to be made in such different currencies, and at rates of exchange calculated upon such basis 
or bases as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into 
euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the Treaty;  
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Exchange means, for the purpose of these VPS Conditions, the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs); 
Extended Final Maturity Date means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the date if any specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final 
Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final 
Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Maturity Date; 
Fixed Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear on 
one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Floating Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable in 
arrear on one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Index Linked Interest Note means a VPS Note in respect of which the amount in respect of interest 
payable is calculated by reference to an index and/or a formula as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Index Linked Note means an Index Linked Interest Note and/or an Index Linked Redemption Note, 
as applicable; 
Index Linked Redemption Note means a VPS Note in respect of which the amount in respect of 
principal payable is calculated by reference to an index and/or a formula as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest bearing VPS Notes, the date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms from and including which the VPS Notes bear interest, which may or may 
not be the Issue Date;

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Interest Rate Swap means each single currency interest rate swap which enables the Issuer to hedge 
the Issuer's interest rate risks in NOK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not been 
hedged by a Currency Swap; 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule and confirmation(s) 
(as amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the Interest Rate Swap(s) entered into 
from time to time between the Issuer and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any counterparty in its capacity as interest rate swap provider 
under an Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
Issue Date means, in respect of any VPS Note, the date of issue and purchase of the VPS Note; 
NIBOR means Norway inter-bank offered rate; 
Oslo Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Oslo; 
outstanding means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all the VPS Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the Conditions; 
(b) 
those Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the Conditions has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for 
redemption and any interest (if any) payable under the Conditions after that date) have been 
duly paid to or to the order of the VPS Agent in the manner provided in these Conditions and 
the VPS Agency Agreement (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions) and remain available for payment of the 
relevant Notes and/or Receipts and/or Coupons; 
(c) 
those Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(d) 
those Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the Conditions; 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the 
principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Date means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is 
duly given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, including its successors; 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, or 
Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR);

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
STIBOR means Sweden inter-bank offered rate; 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the second person): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person;  
Swap Providers means each Currency Swap Provider and each Interest Rate Swap Provider; and 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit or, if applicable, as otherwise described below. If, in respect of an issue of 
Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Green Bonds 
Where the “Use and Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds” item in Part B of the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the “Use of Proceeds” item in Part B of the applicable Pricing Supplement) for 
any Tranche of Notes refers to “Green Bonds”, an amount equal to the net proceeds from such issue of Notes 
will be applied by the Issuer to finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets pursuant to 
the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework relating to investments in Eligible Green Assets and the issuance of 
Green Bonds, which at such time has been published by the Issuer and made available on the Issuer’s 
website (at https://www.storebrand.no/en/investor-relations/rating-and-funding) and which is in effect at the 
time of issuance of the relevant Notes. 
Eligible Green Assets are assets or other investments within the eligible categories and sub-categories set 
out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework.  
For the avoidance of doubt, other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers (including the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, any report, assessment or opinion in 
relation thereto (including any second party opinion) and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of any application of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any such Green Bonds) will not be 
incorporated into and do not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE NORWEGIAN LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS  
(Obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of Norwegian law governing the issuance of covered 
bonds in Norway, at the date of this Base Prospectus. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a 
complete description of all aspects of the Norwegian legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to 
covered bonds.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main legislation which governs covered bonds comprises an 
amendment to Chapter 11, Subsection II of the Norwegian Financial Undertakings Act of 2015 (the Act) 
which came into legal effect on 1 January 2016, certain amendments to the Act that came into legal effect on 
1 January 2017, and regulations of 9 December 2016 issued by the Ministry of Finance (the Ministry) under 
the authority conferred on it by the Act (the Regulations) which came into legal effect on 1 January 2017 
(together the Legislation).  
 
On 13 January 2020, the NFSA published a consultative paper relating to the implementation of the new 
European Union (EU) legislation on covered bonds (being Directive (EU) 2019/2162 (the Covered Bond 
Directive) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160, implementing certain amendments to Art. 129 of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013) (together, the EU Covered Bond Reforms), which will require certain amendments to 
the current Norwegian legislation on covered bonds. The new EU legislation shall be implemented no later 
than 8 July 2021 and take effect no later than 8 July 2022. The Ministry has stated its intention to implement 
the rules in Norway simultaneously with the EU. 
Legislation 
Under the Legislation, certain Norwegian credit institutions which meet the general definitions of a 
"Financial Company" (finansforetak) and "Credit Institution" (kredittforetak) contained in the Act, and 
whose articles of association comply with prescribed mandatory requirements may issue covered bonds 
(obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett). The Act defines Credit Institutions as credit businesses which are not 
banks (and whose activity is the receiving of funds or other assets to be repaid and the granting of credit 
and loans in its own name). Credit Institutions must hold licenses issued by the Ministry in order to 
conduct business as a Credit Institution. However, they are not required to obtain any specific 
governmental licence or approval in order to issue covered bonds, but must notify the NFSA no less than 
30 days in advance before the Credit Institution's first issuance of covered bonds. The Issuer is a 
"kredittforetak", as defined by the Act, has received the required Credit Institution license, and has 
adapted its articles of association to meet the mandatory requirements, and consequently may issue 
covered bonds. 
The Legislation provides that holders of covered bonds (and also counterparties under derivatives contracts 
entered into for hedging purposes in relation to the covered bonds) have an exclusive and prioritised right of 
claim, on a pari passu basis between themselves and the counterparties under derivatives agreements relating 
to the covered bonds, over a pool of certain security assets (the Cover Pool). Under Norwegian law, an 
issuer of bonds, such as an issuer of covered bonds, must register the bonds in paperless book entry form by 
registration in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext 
VPS (Euronext VPS)) unless (i) the covered bonds are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of 
Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, or (ii) the covered bonds are denominated in a currency other 
than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway.   
The Register 
The Credit Institution must maintain a register (the Register) of the issued covered bonds, the related 
derivatives agreements, and the Cover Pool pertaining to such covered bonds and derivatives agreements. 
The Register must at all times contain detailed information on the nominal value of the covered bonds, the 
assets which constitute the Cover Pool, and the derivative agreements. Consequently, the Register must be

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
updated on a regular basis to include any changes in relevant information. Such registration is not in itself 
conclusive evidence of the Cover Pool pertaining to the covered bonds, but shall, according to the 
preparatory works to the Act, serve as strong evidence. 
Benefit of a prioritised claim 
Pursuant to the Act, if a Credit Institution which has issued covered bonds is liquidated under public 
administration, the holders of covered bonds issued by the relevant Credit Institution and the counterparties 
to the relevant derivatives agreements will have an exclusive, equal and pro rata prioritised claim over the 
Cover Pool. The prioritised claims will rank ahead of all other claims. According to the provisions of section 
6-4 of the Norwegian Liens Act and section 11-15 of the Act, a future administration estate of the Credit 
Institution will have a first priority lien over all of the assets included in the Cover Pool, as security for fees 
and expenses incurred by the administration board in connection with the public administration, ranking 
ahead of the claims of holders of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the relevant derivatives 
agreements. Such liens will, however, be as at the date of this Base Prospectus limited to 700 times the 
standard Norwegian court fee (which currently amounts to NOK 839,300) in respect of each Cover Pool.  
By virtue of the priority established by the Act, claims of the holders of covered bonds and of the 
counterparties to the relevant derivatives agreements against a Credit Institution which has issued covered 
bonds will rank ahead of claims of all other creditors of the Credit Institution with respect to the Cover Pool 
(save for the priority described above granted to an administration estate in respect of fees and expenses). 
Pursuant to the Act, loans and receivables included in the Cover Pool may not be assigned, pledged, or made 
subject to any set-off. However, an exemption regarding the prohibition against set-off has been made in 
relation to derivative agreements, as further described in the Regulations.  
Cover Pool – composition of assets  
Pursuant to the Act, the Cover Pool may only consist of certain assets, which include loans secured by 
various types of mortgages (Mortgages), on other registered assets (realregistrerte formuesgoder), loans 
granted to or guaranteed by certain governmental bodies (Government Loans), receivables in the form of 
certain derivatives agreements and supplemental assets.  
The Mortgages may include residential mortgages, mortgages over other title documents relating to 
residences (together with the former, Residential Mortgages) and mortgages over other real property 
(Commercial Mortgages). The real property and the registered assets which serve as security for the loans 
included in the Cover Pool must be located in a member state of either the European Economic Area (EEA) 
or the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).  
Government Loans must be either guaranteed or issued by governmental bodies which, in addition to 
belonging to a member state of either the EEA or the OECD, must meet certain additional requirements 
under the Regulations. 
Supplemental assets may only consist of receivables of certain liquidity and certainty, and are as a main rule 
subject to a limit of 20 per cent. of the total value of the Cover Pool, see below. However, under certain 
circumstances, and for a limited period of time only, the NFSA may approve an increase in the mentioned 
limit to 30 per cent. of the total value of the Cover Pool. The supplemental assets must also meet certain risk 
category requirements under the Regulations in order to be included among the assets which form the basis 
for the value calculation of the Cover Pool.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Loan to value ratios (and other restrictions) 
Pursuant to the Regulations, when calculating the value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured 
by Mortgages, the following loan to value requirements apply to Cover Pool assets consisting of loans 
secured by Mortgages: 
1) 
Loans secured by Residential Mortgages shall not exceed 75 per cent. of the value of the property; 
and 
2) 
Loans secured by Commercial Mortgages shall not exceed 60 per cent. of the value of the property.  
There is no restriction with regard to the proportion of the Cover Pool which may be represented by 
Residential Mortgages or Commercial Mortgages. According to the Act, the value of supplemental assets 
may not exceed 20 per cent. of the value of the Cover Pool. According to the Regulations, the proportion of 
the Cover Pool represented by Government Loans and receivables in the form of derivatives agreements may 
vary, depending on the risk category pertaining to the relevant assets. 
The current Norwegian LTV restrictions are in some respects stricter than the Covered Bond Directive. For 
instance, Art. 129 of the CRR allows for inclusion of residential property mortgages with a LTV ratio of up 
to 80 per cent. (compared to 75 per cent. under the Regulations). The NFSA has proposed to incorporate Art. 
129 of the CRR by reference (i.e. it has proposed the less strict LTV requirement).  
Additional provisions regarding quantitative and qualitative requirements placed on the assets forming part 
of the Cover Pool are set out in the Regulations. In order to qualify for inclusion in the Cover Pool all 
legislative requirements must be met. However, if the Cover Pool assets at a later stage cease to meet the 
requirements of the Act and/or the Regulations in relation to ratios, risk categories or proportion limits, such 
assets may nevertheless form part of the Cover Pool, but will be excluded from the calculation (which is 
required by the Act and described below) of the value of the Cover Pool.  
Valuations 
The Act requires that the value of the Cover Pool at all times must exceed the aggregate value of the covered 
bonds which confer a right on the holders and the counterparties to derivatives agreements to a prioritised 
claim over that Cover Pool.  
The Regulation requires that the value of the Cover Pool shall be at least 102% of the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of all covered bonds (taking into account the effects of derivative contracts) issued by the 
Issuer at such time (overcollateralisation). This constitutes a change compared to the former legislation on 
covered bonds, which did not authorise the Ministry to impose such overcollateralisation through 
regulations. 
The calculation of the value of the Cover Pool assets consisting of loans secured by real estate or other 
registered assets is required to be made on a prudent basis, and such prudent value may not exceed the 
market value of each individual asset. The estimation of the value is required to be made by a competent and 
independent person (i.e. a person without involvement in the credit granting process) and be documented, 
and such documentation is required to include information on who performed the calculation and the 
principles on which the calculation was based. The value of residential real property may, however, be based 
on generally applicable price levels, when this is considered justifiable based on the market situation.  
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 implementing certain amendments to Art. 129 of the CRR requires that covered 
bond cover pools shall be subject to a minimum level of 5 per cent. of overcollateralisation. Member states 
of the European Union (and, following the incorporation of Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 into the Agreement 
on the European Economic Area, member states of the EEA) may set a lower minimum level of 
overcollateralisation for covered bonds, but no lower than 2 per cent. based on the nominal principle.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
The NFSA has proposed to replace the current Norwegian calculation method with the nominal principle, 
and to raise the minimum level of overcollateralisation to 5 per cent. 
Balance and liquidity requirements 
In order to ensure that the abovementioned requirement that the value of the Cover Pool at all times shall 
exceed the value of the covered bonds is complied with, each Credit Institution issuing covered bonds is 
required to establish systems for continued control of the development of the value of the Cover Pool assets, 
and to monitor the development of the relevant market situations. If developments in the market situation or 
in the situation pertaining to an individual assets so warrants, the Credit Institution is required to ensure that 
a renewed calculation of the value is performed.  
The Act requires that the Credit Institution ensures that the cash flow from the Cover Pool at all times is 
sufficient to enable the Credit Institution to discharge its payment obligations towards the holders of covered 
bonds and counterparties under related derivatives agreements. The Credit Institution must also establish a 
liquidity reserve which shall be included in the Cover Pool.  
 
Under the Covered Bond Directive, the cover pool liquidity buffer shall cover the maximum cumulative net 
liquidity outflow over the next 180 days. It can only consist of assets that qualify as level 1, level 2A or level 
2B assets. Furthermore, the Credit Institution is required to maintain liquid assets exceeding projected net 
liquidity outflows over a period of 30 days under stressed conditions under Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (LCR 
Regulation). 
Inspector 
An independent inspector (Inspector) shall be appointed by the NFSA prior to a Credit Institution issuing 
any covered bonds. Under the Covered Bond Directive, the Inspector is appointed by the covered bond 
issuer, and the NFSA has proposed to amend the Norwegian legislation accordingly. The Inspector is 
required to monitor the Register, and shall, at least every three months, review compliance with the Act's 
provisions relating to the Register, including those which govern the composition and the balance of the 
Cover Pool.  
The Credit Institution is required to give the Inspector all relevant information pertaining to its business. The 
Inspector must be granted access to the Register, and may also request additional information. The Inspector 
may perform inspections of the Credit Institution, and shall at least every 3 months determine if the 
requirements of the Act are complied with. Furthermore, the Inspector shall submit annual reports of 
observations and assessments to the NFSA. 
 
Current Norwegian legislation provides that an issuer’s external auditor can act as cover pool monitor. 
However, the Covered Bond Directive excludes this option, and the NFSA has proposed to amend the 
Norwegian legislation accordingly. The NFSA has proposed that the cover pool monitor must be a certified 
auditor. 
 
Cover Pool administration in the event of public administration 
Credit Institutions cannot be subject to ordinary bankruptcy proceedings. Instead, Credit Institutions 
experiencing financial difficulties may be subject to bail-in tools or be liquidated under public 
administration. Public administration entails that the institution's former governing bodies are replaced by an 
administration board which assumes control over the institution. The administration board will halt the 
operations and activities of the institutions, and liquidate the institution and distribute its assets to the 
creditors in accordance with ordinary bankruptcy rules and subject to the provisions on preferential rights to 
the Cover Pool.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Norwegian implementation of the Covered Bond Directive 
On 13 January 2020, the NFSA released a consultation paper relating to the Covered Bond Directive and 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2150. The consultation paper sets out proposals to amend the existing Norwegian 
covered bond legislation to comply with the new EU legislation, which includes, inter alia, less strict LTV 
requirements, increased overcollateralization requirement, a new liquidity buffer requirement and new 
requirements for reporting and publication of investor information. The consultation paper does not indicate 
a timeline for implementation into Norwegian law. However, the EU Covered Bond Reforms shall be 
implemented into Norwegian law no later than 8 July 2021 and take effect no later than 8 July 2022. The 
Ministry has stated its intention to implement the rules in Norway simultaneously with the EU.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE STOREBRAND GROUP 
1. 
STOREBRAND BOLIGKREDITT AS 
Storebrand Boligkreditt AS (the Issuer) will be the issuer of Covered Bonds under the Programme.  Until 13 
August 2009, the Issuer’s name was Storebrand Kredittforetak AS. The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary 
of Storebrand Bank ASA (Storebrand Bank and, together with its subsidiaries, the Storebrand Bank 
Group) and is a part of the retail business area of Storebrand Bank’s organisation. 
The Issuer is a limited company incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway with registration 
number 990645515.  The Issuer was incorporated on 23 November 2006.  The Issuer’s registered address is 
Professor Kohts vei 9, P.O. Box 500, 1327 Lysaker, Norway, with the same visiting address, and the Issuer's 
telephone number is + 47 22 31 50 50.  The Issuer’s website is https://www.storebrand.no/ (please note the 
information contained on such website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus). 
The NFSA granted the Issuer license to become a Mortgage Credit Institution on 7 January 2008. 
1.1 
Operations 
The main responsibilities for the administration of the Issuer are to carry out the requirements regarding 
reporting, risk analyses, loan portfolio analysis and administration, the daily management of the Issuer and to 
apply the agreed Master Agreement and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement on behalf of the Issuer (see 
paragraph 1.2 below). All other activities with regards to the Issuer's lending operations will be carried out 
by Storebrand Bank. 
All loans will be acquired from Storebrand Bank, according to agreed terms. The transfer of loans 
commenced in February 2008.  
1.2 
Master Agreement and Transfer and Servicing Agreement 
Storebrand Bank, Storebrand Livsforsikring AS and the Issuer have agreed that Storebrand Bank and 
Storebrand Livsforsikring AS shall carry out most of the operations and services necessary for the Issuer to 
be able to carry out its business operations. The parties have entered into mutual agreements that cover these 
services including the compensation for the loans transferred from Storebrand Bank to the Issuer (the Master 
Agreement and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement). The Transfer and Servicing Agreement is 
governed by Norwegian Law. See "Overview of the Master Agreement and the Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement" below.  
1.3 
Derivatives arrangements 
The Issuer will, if necessary, enter into derivatives arrangements with Storebrand Bank and/or other parties, 
comprising interest rate swaps and currency swaps, for the purpose of controlling interest rate and currency 
risk relating to the Issuer’s funding and lending operations. 
1.4 
Financial information 
The Issuer is building its portfolio by transferring loans and mortgages from Storebrand Bank. The 
Storebrand Bank Group had loans to customers (retail market) valued at fair value through other 
comprehensive income of NOK 30.79 billion as at year end 2020 and NOK 33.57 billion as at 31 March 
2021. The Storebrand Bank Group’s lending to customers totalled NOK 34.5 billion as at 31 March 
compared to NOK 31.9 billion as at the end of the fourth quarter in 2020. The portfolio of loans managed on 
behalf of Storebrand Livsforsikring AS amounted to NOK 17.1 billion. The combined portfolio of loans in

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Storebrand Bank Group and Storebrand Livsforsikring AS amounted to NOK 51.7 billion as at 31 March 
2021 compared to NOK 49.6 billion as at the end of the fourth quarter in 2020. As at 31 March 2021, the 
Issuer's paid in equity was NOK 1.562 billion. Storebrand Bank plans to gradually increase the share of retail 
market loans on its balance sheet. 
The requirement for the Issuer to maintain a countercyclical capital buffer decreased from 2.5 per cent. to 1.0 
per cent. from 31 March 2020, consequently the total capital adequacy requirements and capital buffers from 
the same time decreased to 14.5 per cent., from 16.0 per cent. As at 31 March 2021, the capital adequacy 
ratio of the Issuer was 18.6 per cent.  
The values of all properties supporting the loans in the Issuer's cover pool are calculated by Eiendomsverdi 
using Automatic Valuation Method (AVM).  The valuation is carried out on a quarterly basis. Eiendomsverdi 
is an independent Norwegian AVM provider used by banks in Norway to assess property values. AVM is 
based on factors such as the sales history for a particular property, other property sales in the relevant area, 
property type and general market conditions. Other relevant factors include the size of the local market, 
migration trends and number of sales. 
The Issuer has a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility) under an agreement with 
Storebrand Bank (the Credit Facility Agreement) in order to ensure the Issuer has access to funding and 
liquidity to the extent it is not financed through the issuance of covered bonds, including financing of 
overcollateralisation and acquisition of loans for the cover pool prior to covered bond issuance. The 
unsecured nature of the Credit Facility means that claims of secured creditors and holders of the Issuer's 
covered bonds rank in priority to those of Storebrand Bank under the Credit Facility. For so long as any 
covered bonds are outstanding, there are no events of default under the Credit Facility, and the maturity of 
any loan under the Credit Facility will be structured to fall after the final maturity of any covered bonds 
issued by the Issuer.    
On 14 May 2018, the Issuer updated the Credit Facility Agreement with Storebrand Bank. The credit 
available under the Credit Facility Agreement shall be not less than 100 per cent. of the Issuer’s payment 
obligations (i) for the next 31 days, on a rolling basis, in respect of Covered Bonds, including interest, 
principal and any connected derivative agreements entered into for hedging purposes and (ii) for the 
preceding 31 day period, on a rolling basis, in respect of Covered Bonds, including interest, principal and 
any connected derivative agreements entered into for hedging purposes which have fallen due for payment 
during such 31 day period, but remain unpaid. At the request of Storebrand Bank, the Issuer shall issue 
Covered Bonds to Storebrand Bank in an aggregate amount not exceeding any utilisation outstanding at the 
time of such request from Storebrand Bank. The maturity date for such Covered Bonds shall be the date 
falling 3 months after the date on which all payment obligations of the Issuer (i) to holders of Covered Bonds 
and (ii) to counterparties pursuant to any connected derivative contracts, have been discharged in full such 
that no further amounts in respect of such obligations shall become due at later date. 
1.5 
Board of directors 
The Issuer's board of directors consists of 4 members elected by the shareholder’s meeting. The current 
directors are as follows: 
Bernt Uppstad 
Chairman of the Board 
Thor Bendik Weider 
Master in Business and Economics 
Leif Helmich Pedersen 
Partner at Borgersen & Partners AS 
Karin Greve-Isdahl 
Executive Vice President, Sustainability, Communications and 
Industry Policy

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
The address of the members of the board and the executive management (see paragraph 1.6 below) is the 
registered address of the Issuer. 
1.6 
Executive management 
Einar Leikanger is the Issuer's Managing Director. 
1.7 
Independent auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS were appointed as independent auditors of the Issuer and of the Storebrand 
Group in April 2018 and issued independent auditors’ report on the financial statements of the Issuer as of 
and for the financial years ended 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS were also appointed by the NFSA as the independent examiner pursuant to 
section 11-4, sub-section 1, of the Act. 
1.8 
Conflict of interest within administration, management and supervisory bodies 
Storebrand Bank employs one of the four members of the Issuer's board of directors.  However, as the Issuer 
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Storebrand Bank, and the Issuer's primary business will be to issue Covered 
Bonds on behalf of Storebrand Bank, the Issuer believes that there are no potential conflicts of interest 
between the private interests or other duties of the members of the board of directors or executive 
management of the Issuer and the duties of such persons to the Issuer. 
The rights of the shareholders of Storebrand are contained in the articles of association of Storebrand and 
Storebrand will be managed in accordance with those articles and with the provisions of the law of Norway. 
1.9 
Jurisdiction 
The Issuer is organised under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway. Should the Issuer conduct operations 
outside Norwegian jurisdiction, such operations will also be governed by the laws and regulations of the 
country in question. 
2. 
THE STOREBRAND GROUP 
2.1 
The Storebrand Group 
The Storebrand Group is a leading company in the Norwegian market for pensions, life and health insurance, 
banking and asset management. In addition, the Storebrand Group has a presence in Sweden for life and 
health insurance. The Storebrand Group's activities are carried out by wholly owned-subsidiaries of the 
holding company, Storebrand ASA (Storebrand ASA and, together with its subsidiaries, the Storebrand 
Group). The main operating subsidiaries in the Storebrand Group are Storebrand Livsforsikring AS and its 
Swedish subsidiary SPP, Storebrand Kapitalforvaltning AS, Storebrand Bank and Storebrand Forsikring AS. 
Storebrand ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. 
Storebrand ASA’s history can be traced back to 1767. Storebrand ASA has supplied occupational pensions 
to Norwegian employees since 1917, the same year that Storebrand ASA’s fully-owned subsidiary SPP was 
established in Sweden. Storebrand Bank was established in 1996. In 2006, property and casualty insurance 
was relaunched as an offering to the retail market customers and selected parts of the corporate market. 
Storebrand ASA's head office in Lysaker in Norway and Sweden, as well as Skagen’s head office in 
Denmark, represent the office premises of 95 per cent of the Storebrand Group’s employees. Storebrand 
ASA offers a comprehensive range of products to private individuals, companies, municipalities and the 
public sector through its fully digital business and distribution model. The Storebrand Group today consists

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
of life insurance in Norway and Sweden, and property and casualty insurance, asset management and 
banking in Norway. 
The Storebrand Group is the Nordic region’s leading supplier of life insurance and pensions. The Storebrand 
Group consists of the following business areas: Savings (non-guaranteed), Guaranteed Pension, Insurance 
and Other. The Storebrand Group’s main subsidiaries are Storebrand Livsforisking AS, Storebrand Asset 
Managment AS, Storebrand Forsikring AS and Storebrand Bank ASA. Storebrand Livsforsikring AS 
together with its subsidiaries, SPP Pension & Forsakring AB is one of the leading providers of life insurance 
and pensions in the Nordic area with total assets of NOK 623.642 million on a consolidated basis as at 31 
March 2021.  
 
2.2 
Storebrand Bank ASA 
Storebrand Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of Storebrand ASA. Storebrand Bank is a commercial bank 
with licences under the Securities Trading Act. Its head office is in Lysaker, Viken. 
Storebrand Bank is a web-based bank that offers traditional bank products to the Norwegian market. 
Employees with an occupational pension with Storebrand ASA are part of the Storebrand Group’s benefit 
programme, which also includes favourable bank products. Storebrand Bank has also entered into a 
cooperative agreement with the Confederation of Unions for Professionals (UNIO) that offers members 
home loans with lending conditions that are among the best in the market. Storebrand Bank decided in 2013 
to wind up its corporate market business and has succeeded with this, as at end of the first quarter of 2021, 
the remaining corporate market portfolio is insignificant. 
Storebrand Bank has sold mortgages to its Storebrand Group affiliate Storebrand Livsforsikring AS. The 
mortgages were sold on commercial terms. As the buyer, Storebrand Livsforsikring AS has acquired both 
cash flows, risk and control. The loans were therefore derecognised in Storebrand Bank’s balance sheet in 
accordance with IFRS 9. Storebrand Bank receives management fees for the work being done with the sold 
portfolio.  
In the retail market, Storebrand Bank will continue to work on developing attractive products and digital 
services that support Storebrand ASA’s focus on sustainability. Improving competitiveness through better 
efficiency is a priority and Storebrand Bank will continue to reduce costs and increase the degree of 
automation in customer and work processes. 
Storebrand Bank Group is a modest player in the Norwegian market. The Storebrand Bank Group had loans 
to customers (retail market) valued at fair value through other comprehensive income of NOK 30.79 billion 
as at 31 December 2020 and NOK 33.57 billion as at 31 March 2021. Storebrand Bank also sold NOK 16.9 
billion in mortgages to Storebrand Livsforsikring AS measured at fair value in June 2020. As at 31 March 
2021, the loans to customers (corporate market) valued at fair value through other comprehensive income 
amounted to NOK 0.012 billion. In Storebrand Bank Group, the volume of deposits from and due to 
customers amounted to NOK  15.744 billion as at 31 March 2021. Storebrand Bank has a robust funding 
profile and good access to funding. 
At Storebrand Bank, the group unit Commercial Norway is responsible for the general commercial activities 
in the Norwegian part of the Storebrand Group. This means that distribution, market activities and product 
development in Norway are gathered under the same management, with the goal to increase Storebrand 
Bank’s market share. The bank delivers products to the different market and customer concepts. Storebrand 
Bank also purchases selected distribution services and products from other Storebrand Group companies. 
Accounting and Treasury functions in the Storebrand Group are combined in a centralised unit, and 
Storebrand Bank ASA purchases accounting services from the Storebrand Group. These units will also 
provide services for the Issuer under the Transfer and Servicing Agreement described below. See "Overview 
of the Master Agreement and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement".

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
Storebrand Bank distributes banking products through internal channels (employees in the Storebrand 
Group).  
As a wholly owned subsidiary of Storebrand ASA, Storebrand Bank is dependent on the holding company 
for additional equity capital in the event that this should be required.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE MASTER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSFER AND SERVICING 
AGREEMENT 
The Issuer has entered into a master agreement dated 29 June 2018 (the Master Agreement) with various 
group companies in the Storebrand Group. The Master Agreement is a framework of agreements which 
regulates the responsibilities and pricing models which are to apply to services provided between companies 
in the Storebrand Group, including services provided by Storebrand Bank and Storebrand Livsforsikring AS 
(each a Service Provider) to the Issuer.  
In addition, the Issuer and Storebrand Bank have entered into a transfer and servicing agreement dated 1 July 
2021 (the Transfer and Servicing Agreement) which regulates the sale and transfer of loans between 
Storebrand Bank and the Issuer, and the services to be provided by Storebrand Bank to the Issuer in respect 
of servicing those loans.  
Pursuant to the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, Storebrand Bank agrees to sell and assign to the Issuer 
and the Issuer agrees to purchase mortgage loans (the Acquired Loans) with the pertaining loan security 
(the Loan Security) for inclusion in the Cover Pool. Legal title to, and all rights and benefits in, each 
Acquired Loan (including but not limited to the benefit of the Loan Security and any guarantee and any 
payments in respect of the Acquired Loan) and all liabilities, risks and obligations, including the credit risk 
relating to each such Acquired Loan, are assigned to the Issuer at the date of transfer (the Transfer Date). 
The Transfer and Servicing Agreement is an ongoing agreement which also covers loans that will be 
transferred to the Issuer in the future.  The purchase price payable by the Issuer for each Acquired Loan shall 
be the aggregate of (i) the principal amount outstanding under the Acquired Loan on the Transfer Date and 
(ii) any interest and fees accrued thereon but unpaid to (but excluding) the Transfer Date. The purchase price 
shall be payable no later than the banking day following the Transfer Date. Internal costs for establishing, 
servicing and maintaining the loan are paid for through a servicer fee payable monthly by the Issuer on its 
volume of loans during such period. 
The credit process performed by Storebrand Bank on behalf of the Issuer under the Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement is a standardised process carried out in accordance with routines, policies and the credit policy 
determined by the Issuer's board of directors. This credit policy is based on that of Storebrand Bank but with 
more stringent criteria relating to the transfer of loans, such as a loan-to-value ratio within 75 per cent. (see 
below). Documentation relating to an applicant's income, personal identification, property information and 
proof of residency are collected for all applications. This information is matched with and verified through 
external information and registers, including public tax records. These registers provide information on 
income and wealth, property information and behavioural information including any negative credit marks. 
Automated scoring models are used to evaluate all applications, and this is finally verified by experienced 
professionals in Storebrand Bank before a loan is eventually granted or declined. In the Transfer and 
Servicing Agreement, Storebrand Bank guarantees to the Issuer that all loans that are transferred to the Issuer 
comply with its credit policy. 
All Acquired Loans must comply with the Issuer's board-approved credit policy (the Credit Policy), which 
may be amended from time to time. The requirements of the Credit Policy applicable as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus include, without limitation, the following: 
1. 
Each borrower must be above 18 years of age; 
2. 
Each borrower has to be identifiable by a Norwegian social security identity number; 
3. 
The loan must have a maturity of not more than 30 years; 
4. 
The Loan Security related to the Acquired Loan must be validly established and the Acquired Loan 
must represent a binding commitment for the debtor(s);

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
5. 
There may be no payment defaults in respect of the Acquired Loan on the Transfer Date; and  
6. 
In each case, the amount of the Acquired Loan must be within 75 per cent. of the value of the 
collateral at the Transfer Date (LTV); The LTV will be revised every quarter based on updated 
collateral values as calculated by Eiendomsverdi using Automated Valuation Methods (AVM), and 
any amount exceeding 75 per cent. of LTV will be disregarded when calculating the value of the 
Cover Pool.  
Furthermore, Storebrand Bank must make representations and warranties in respect of each Acquired Loan 
including, without limitation, statements to the following effect: 
1. 
Storebrand Bank is entitled to transfer all of its rights associated with each Acquired Loan and the 
related Loan Security, and each such Acquired Loan is free of any mortgage, charges, liens and 
encumbrances; 
2. 
Storebrand Bank has complied with all laws, decrees, guidelines and regulations associated with 
lending, and has complied with all the statutory requirements relating to the transfer of the Acquired 
Loans;  
3. 
The Loan Security relating to an Acquired Loan was granted on terms that allow for the Loan 
Security to be transferred with the related Acquired Loan; and 
4. 
At the Transfer Date, each Acquired Loan complies with the Credit Policy applicable at such date. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement Storebrand Bank has agreed to keep the 
promissory notes and any other documents and instruments relating to the Acquired Loans and the Loan 
Security sold by it to the Issuer in custody and to receive and collect payments on behalf of the Issuer. 
Storebrand Bank agrees to manage, service, administer and make collection on the Acquired Loans sold by it 
and to keep all accounts and records as provided for under the Master Agreement and the Transfer and 
Servicing Agreement, all with reasonable care and diligence and in accordance with such procedures and to 
the same standard as it would apply to any comparable mortgage loans administered or owned by it. The 
obligation to provide such accounts and records includes the provision of IT services to ensure support for 
the Issuer's loan systems and electronic records. Further, Storebrand Bank agrees to collect all amounts due 
under the Acquired Loans sold by it when they become due, and take responsibility for the calculating, 
invoicing, collection and posting of all payments under the Acquired Loans. Any payments made in respect 
of the Acquired Loans shall be credited directly from the relevant borrower to the Issuer's bank account with 
Storebrand Bank, and from there be transferred within five Business Days to the Issuer's bank account with 
Nordea Bank.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Agreement, Storebrand Livsforsikring AS has agreed to provide 
accounting services, including the preparation of annual and quarterly accounts. These services will be 
provided by the centralised accounting unit of the Storebrand Group, organised as part of Storebrand 
Livsforsikring AS.  
Storebrand Bank provides all treasury services, including liquidity and investment management, hedging of 
currency risk and interest rate risk and all funding activities. 
Finally, Storebrand Bank and Storebrand Livsforsikring AS, as applicable, will prepare any reports that the 
Issuer is required to prepare pursuant to any applicable laws and regulations, including reporting in respect of 
money laundering regulations and other legal and compliance services.  
In consideration of the services performed under the Master Agreement and the Transfer and Servicing 
Agreement, Storebrand Bank and Storebrand Livsforsikring AS are entitled to servicing fees as separately 
agreed between the Issuer and each Service Provider.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
In the event of a material breach by a Service Provider of its obligations under the Master Agreement and/or 
the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, the Issuer may terminate such agreement(s) by notice in writing with 
effect from a date specified in the notice.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE SWAP AGREEMENTS 
The Issuer will enter into swaps from time to time with Swap Providers by executing ISDA Master 
Agreements (including schedules, confirmations and, in each case, a credit support annex) (each such 
agreement, a Swap Agreement and each of the transactions thereunder, a Swap), in order (i) to hedge 
currency risks arising between (a) Covered Bonds issued in currencies other than NOK and (b) assets 
forming part of the Cover Pool but denominated in NOK and (ii) to hedge interest rate risks in NOK and/or 
other currencies to the extent that these have not already been hedged under (i)(a) and (b) above, in each case 
subject always to the requirements as referred to in "Overview of the Norwegian Legislation regarding 
Covered Bonds (Obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett)" above. 
Ratings Downgrade 
Under each of the Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of a Swap Provider are 
downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Swap Agreement (in accordance 
with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such Swap Provider, the relevant Swap Provider will, in 
accordance with the relevant Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may 
include providing additional collateral for its obligations under the relevant Swap, arranging for its 
obligations under the relevant Swap to be transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant 
rating agency as specified in the relevant Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the 
relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as 
specified in the relevant Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating 
agency) to become a guarantor in respect of its obligations under the relevant Swap. 
Termination Events 
The Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the following: 
• 
at the option of one party to the relevant Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party to pay 
any amounts due under that Swap Agreement and any applicable grace period has expired; 
• 
at the option of the Swap Provider, if a halt to payments occurs as defined in the Legislation, and the 
administration board in respect of the Issuer determines that the Swap Agreement should terminate; 
• 
at the option of the Norwegian resolution authority following its application of bail-in tools towards the 
Issuer; 
• 
at the option of the administration board of the Issuer on the public administration of the Issuer; 
• 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Swap Provider or its 
guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Swap Provider without an assumption of its obligations under 
the relevant Swap Agreement, or if a material misrepresentation is made by the relevant Swap Provider 
under the Swap Agreement, or if the relevant Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter 
derivatives transaction under another agreement between the Issuer and such Swap Provider or if a 
breach of a provision of the relevant Swap Agreement by the Swap Provider is not remedied within the 
applicable grace period; 
• 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure event 
occurs; 
• 
if withholding taxes are imposed on payments by the Issuer or by the relevant Swap Provider under the 
relevant Swap Agreement due to a change in law; and

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
• 
if the relevant Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to comply with the 
requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant Swap Agreement and 
described above under "Ratings downgrade". 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Swap Provider may be 
liable to make a termination payment to the other. The amount of any termination payment will be based on 
a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering into a swap with terms and 
conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of the respective full payment 
obligations of the parties (which may be determined following consideration of quotations sought from 
leading dealers, relevant market data and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid 
amounts that became due and payable prior to termination. Any such termination payment could be 
substantial and may affect the funds available to pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on the 
Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from a Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Swap Agreement, transfer its 
obligations under any Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
Either party may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes are 
imposed on payments made under a Swap. However, if, due to a change in law, either the Issuer or the Swap 
Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Swap or to receive a payment under a Swap from which 
an amount has been deducted or withheld, either the Issuer or the relevant Swap Provider, as the case may 
be, may terminate the relevant Swap. 
The Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Swap Provider will rank pari passu with the Covered Bondholders in respect of their claims against the 
Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR SWAP PROVIDERS 
The Issuer will only enter into swaps with entities which are "qualified counterparties" for the purposes of 
the Act.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARING IN RESPECT OF VPS NOTES 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect.  The information in this section concerning the 
Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believe to be reliable, but neither of the 
Issuer nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  Investors wishing to use the 
facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, 
regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System.  Neither the Issuer, nor any other party to the 
Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or 
payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any 
Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Euronext VPS 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA, trading as Euronext VPS (Euronext VPS) is a Norwegian public limited liability 
company which is licensed to register financial instruments in Norway in accordance with the Act of 5 July 
2002 no. 64 on the Registration of Financial Instruments (Nw. lov om registrering av finansielle 
instrumenter) (the VPS Act).  
From 1 January 2020, the VPS Act has been repealed and replaced by the Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 
Central Securities Depositories (Nw. lov om verdipapirsentraler og verdipapiroppgjør mv.) (the CSD Act), 
which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 (CSDR) into Norwegian law. However, transitional rules 
have been passed to allow Euronext VPS to operate under the old rules in the VPS Act until such time when 
Euronext VPS has been authorised as a CSD under the CSD Act/CSDR. The CSD Act requires that, among 
other things, all notes and bonds issued in Norway shall be registered in Euronext VPS (the VPS Securities), 
except notes and bonds issued by Norwegian issuers outside Norway and (i) denominated in Norwegian 
kroner with subscription limited to non-Norwegians and (ii) issued outside Norway in another currency than 
Norwegian kroner. 
Euronext VPS is a paperless securities registry and registration of ownership, transfer and other rights to 
financial instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry. Any issuer of VPS Securities will be 
required to have an account (issuer's account) where all the VPS Securities are registered in the name of the 
holder and each holder is required to have her/his own account (investor's account) showing such person's 
holding of VPS Securities at any time. Both the issuer and the VPS Noteholder will, for the purposes of 
registration in Euronext VPS, have to appoint an account operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank 
or Norwegian investment firm. 
It is possible to register a holding of VPS Securities through a nominee.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
TAXATION 
Kingdom of Norway 
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes.  Prospective purchasers 
of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which 
they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Norway of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes.  This summary is based 
upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may 
take effect after such date, possibly with retroactive effect. In the following paragraphs, it is assumed that the 
Notes are held in bearer form or uncertificated book entry form (VPS Notes). The description below is based 
on the assumption that the Notes are considered and treated as multiple debt instruments (Nw: 
"mengdegjeldsbrev") for Norwegian tax purposes. 
Please note that for the purpose of the summary below, a reference to a Norwegian or non-Norwegian 
resident Noteholder refers to the tax residency rather than the nationality of the Noteholder.  
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Taxation on Interest 
In general, interest paid to a Noteholder who is not resident in Norway for tax purposes (a non-resident 
holder) will currently not be subject to Norwegian income.  Such non-resident holder may, however, be 
subject to Norwegian taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a business carried on by 
the holder of Notes in Norway. 
However, if the Notes are held by a non-resident holder that is performing business activities in Norway, and 
the Notes are effectively connected to such business activities in Norway, interest received on the Notes will 
be taxed in Norway with a tax rate of 22 per cent. 
Effective from 1 July 2021, Norway has introduced withholding tax rules for certain interest payments from 
Norway. The withholding obligation applies to interest payments made to related parties of the debtor who 
are resident in low tax jurisdictions. Due to the constitution of the Issuer as a credit mortgage institution, 
wholly owned by a Norwegian commercial bank, the Issuer does not expect the withholding tax rules to 
apply to interest payments on Notes issued by it. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
A non-resident holder is not taxed in Norway on gains derived from the sale, disposal or redemption of the 
Notes. Corresponding losses will generally not be tax deductible. Such non-resident holder may, however, be 
subject to Norwegian taxation if the holding of Notes is effectively connected with a business carried on by 
the non-resident holder in Norway. 
Net wealth taxation 
Norway does not levy any property tax or similar taxes on the Notes. 
A non-resident holder is not subject to net wealth tax, unless the non-resident holder is an individual and the 
holding of Notes is effectively connected with a business carried on by the non-resident holder in Norway. In 
such instance, a Norwegian net wealth tax may apply as described for Norwegian tax resident holders of 
Notes, see “Norwegian tax resident holders of Notes – Net wealth taxation” below.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
Such tax liability may be modified through an applicable tax treaty. 
Transfer taxes etc. and VAT 
No transfer taxes, stamp duty or similar taxes are currently imposed in Norway on the purchase, disposal or 
redemption of securities such as the Notes. Furthermore, there will be no VAT payable in Norway on the 
transfer of the Notes. 
Norwegian tax resident holders of Notes 
Taxation of interest 
For both corporate and individual holders of Notes who are residents of Norway for tax purposes 
(Norwegian holders), interest on bonds (such as the Notes) is taxable as “ordinary income” subject to tax at 
a flat rate of currently 22 per cent. in the year of accrual. For Norwegian corporate holders that are 
considered to be “Financial Institutions” under the Norwegian financial activity tax, the effective rate of 
taxation is 25 per cent.  
For Norwegian holders holding Notes issued with a discount (compared to the nominal value) such discount 
will be taxed in the year of the realisation of the Notes. 
If the Notes are not listed in a regulated market within six months following issuance, Norwegian holders of 
Notes who are individuals resident in Norway for tax purposes will be subject to additional Norwegian taxes 
on the interest received at a flat tax rate of currently 22 per cent. The basis for the additional tax is equal to 
the interest accrued on the Notes reduced by the tax rate of 22 per cent. and less a risk free interest rate 
(“skjermingsfradrag”). The risk free interest rate is determined by the Norwegian Directorate of Taxes based 
on the interest rate published by Norges Bank on a bi-monthly basis. 
Any interest received in foreign currency is converted to Norwegian kroner when calculating the taxable 
interest income. 
Taxation of capital gains 
Redemption of the Notes, as well as prior disposal of the Notes, is treated as a realisation of such Notes and 
will trigger a capital gain or loss for Norwegian holders of Notes under Norwegian tax law. Capital gains 
will be taxable as “ordinary income”, subject to the flat rate of 22 per cent. (25 per cent. for Financial 
Institutions). Losses will be deductible from a Norwegian holder’s “ordinary income”, which is taxed at the 
same rate. Any capital gain or loss is calculated for each Note, and is computed as the difference between the 
amount received by the Norwegian holder of Notes on realisation and the cost price of the Notes. The cost 
price is equal to the price for which the Norwegian holder acquired the Notes, including costs incurred in 
connection with the acquisition and realisation of the Notes. Any gain received in foreign currency when 
realising Notes is converted to Norwegian kroner when calculating the taxable gain. 
Net wealth taxation 
The value of the Notes held by a Norwegian holder who is an individual at the end of each income year will 
be included in the computation of his/her taxable net wealth for municipal and state net wealth tax purposes. 
Under Norwegian tax law, listed notes are valued at their listed value on 1 January in the relevant assessment 
year (i.e. the year following the relevant fiscal year). The marginal rate of net wealth tax is 0.85 per cent of 
the tax payer’s wealth. 
Limited liability companies and certain similar entities are exempt from net wealth tax.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
Transfer taxes etc. and VAT 
No transfer taxes, stamp duty or similar taxes are currently imposed in Norway on purchase, disposal or 
redemption of securities such as the Notes. Furthermore, there will be no VAT payable in Norway on the 
transfer of the Notes.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes - Further Issues” and “Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in Notes.  In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 1 July 2021, agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any 
such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes".  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future 
update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules, TEFRA D or 
TEFRA D (Swiss practice) rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be subject 
to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the 
issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of any Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of any Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member 
State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
UK 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient  
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Norway 
The Notes shall be registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen ASA, 
trading as Euronext VPS) in dematerialised form or in another which is properly authorised and recognised 
by the NFSA as being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, unless (i) the 
Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents only, 
or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway.  See 
also the selling restriction "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" above. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of any Exempt Notes), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a  Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will 
not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 15 February 2008. This update of the Programme and the issue of 
Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 2 June 2021.  
Approval, Trading and Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on 
or about 1 July 2021. 
In the case of VPS Notes, application will be made to the Oslo Stock Exchange for such VPS Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated market. 
Documents Available 
For a period of at least 10 years following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.storebrand.no/en/investor-relations/rating-and-funding): 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated therein; 
(c) 
the VPS Trustee Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the 
Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and 
Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus 
and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes (other than VPS Notes) have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records) or, in the case of Notes denominated in 
Swiss francs, offered to the public in Switzerland, through the Intermediary.   
The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes).  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system (including the 
Intermediary or Euronext VPS) the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement.  Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Intermediary and Euronext VPS are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The address of the Intermediary is Brandschenkestrasse 47, P.O. Box, CH-8022 Zurich and the address of 
Euronext VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.  
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer since 31 March 
2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer.  
Independent auditors 
Since April 2018, the auditors of the Issuer have been PricewaterhouseCoopers AS (PwC), members of the 
Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Den norske Revisorforening) who have audited the Issuer’s 
financial statements, without qualification, in accordance with laws, regulations and auditing standards and 
practices generally accepted in Norway, including the International Standards on Auditing for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. The address of PwC is Dronning Eufemias gate 71, 
Postboks 748 Sentrum, 0106 Oslo, Norway.   
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.

--- Page 157 ---
ISSUER 
Storebrand Boligkreditt AS 
Professor Kohts vei 9 
P.O Box 500 
1327 Lysaker 
Norway 
 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
VPS AGENT 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark  
VPS TRUSTEE 
Nordic Trustee AS 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1 
0161 Oslo 
Norway 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS  
Tjuvholmen Allé 16  
NO-0252 Oslo 
Norway  
  
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 71 
Postboks 748 Sentrum 
0106 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 158 ---
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
  
 DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0191 Oslo 
Norway 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki 
Finland  
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland