--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2021 
 
SUEZ 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of France) as Issuer 
€12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), SUEZ (“SUEZ” or the 
“Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, Notes issued by SUEZ may be issued in euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Sterling, Renminbi, Hong Kong dollars and in any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) in respect of, and for the purposes of giving information with regard to, SUEZ and its fully consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole 
(the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, contains the necessary information which is material to investors for making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the base prospectus dated 28 May 2020 and shall be in force for a period of one year as of the date of its approval by the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus, for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or to the relevant authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the 
“ESMA”) (a “Regulated Market”). 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed 
and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant stock exchange. Notes listed on other stock exchanges (whether on a Regulated Market or not) or not listed and admitted to 
trading may be issued under the Programme. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market will be €100,000 and, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date, or such 
higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
specified currency. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (the “Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (the “Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France 
(“Euroclear France”) which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined herein) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, SA (“Clearstream”) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
holder of Notes (a “Noteholder”), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Registration 
Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear 
France Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
The senior unsecured Notes and short term Notes of the Issuer under this Programme have been assigned a rating of Baa1 and Prime 2 respectively by Moody’s France 
SAS (“Moody’s”). The long-term senior unsecured debt and the short-term senior unsecured debt of the Issuer are currently rated Baa1 with stable outlook and Prime 2 
respectively by Moody’s. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s is established in the European Union (“EU”) and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the website of the ESMA (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such regulation. Notes issued under 
the Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes which are rated will have such rating as is assigned to them by Moody's or such other relevant rating organisation as 
specified in the Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
The final terms of the Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference herein can be obtained free of charge from the registered office of the Issuer and will also be published on the Issuer's 
website (www.suez.com) and on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Arranger 
 
 
Deutsche Bank 
 
 
Dealers 
 
BBVA 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
CIC Market Solutions 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
ING 
Mizuho Securities 
MUFG 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
RBC Capital Markets 
Santander Corporate &  
Investment Banking  
SMBC Nikko 
Société Générale Corporate & 
Investment Banking  
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement that may be 
published from time to time and with all other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), each of which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base 
Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, and should be read and construed 
together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the 
“Prospectus”. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
the Issuer or those of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of 
the Issuer or that of the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is 
fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with 
all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding 
the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other 
matters referred to above. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for 
the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the 
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for 
compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE, 
Eurostat or BLS, as the case may be, and the INSEE, Eurostat or BLS, as the case may be, makes no 
warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from 
the use of any of the Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which such indices stand at any particular 
time. The Inflation Indices are determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE, Eurostat or BLS, 
as the case may be, without regard to the Issuer or the Notes. The INSEE, Eurostat or BLS, as the case 
may be, is not responsible for or has not participated in the determination of the timing of, prices of, 
or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes to be issued or in the determination or calculation of the 
interest payable under such Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the 
Inflation Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the 
Notes may acquire, non-public information with respect to any of the Inflation Indices that is or may 
be material in the context of Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create 
any obligation on the part of any such persons to disclose to the holders of Notes or any other party 
such information (whether or not confidential).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
In considering whether to invest in Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”), investors should 
consult their individual tax advisers with regard to the application of People's Republic of China 
(“PRC”) tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws 
of any other tax jurisdictions. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by 
the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of 
this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate, determined by the manufacturer(s). Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor” as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration such 
determination; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an investment firm as defined by MiFID II and will not be 
a manufacturer in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”) and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate, determined by the manufacturer(s). Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration such determination; however, 
a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an investment firm as defined by UK MiFIR and will not 
be a manufacturer in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – Notes issued under the Programme are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) NOR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF 
THE UNITED STATES AND INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO 
U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF MATERIALISED NOTES IN BEARER FORM, 
DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES ACT). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF 
CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND ON DISTRIBUTION OF 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes 
or documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where 
the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In 
particular, potential investors are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France 
(the Issuer’s country of incorporation) might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Potential investors cannot rely upon the tax overview contained in this Base Prospectus but should ask 
for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, 
disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific 
situation of the potential investor. This investment consideration has to be read in connection with the 
taxation sections of this Base Prospectus. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any 
such tax is still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed 
text or any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the 
liquidity of the market for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to 
seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and the Issuer. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed in the section “Risk factors”, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final 
Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers 
have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
sincerity, accuracy or completeness of any of the information or representations in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other information incorporated by reference should 
subscribe for or purchase the Notes. In making an investment decision regarding the Notes, 
prospective investors must rely on their own independent investigation and appraisal of the Issuer, its 
business and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. For further details, see 
“Risk Factors” herein. The contents of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms are not to be 
construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective investor should subscribe for or consult its 
own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. None 
of the Dealers or the Arranger has reviewed or undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs

--- Page 6 ---
6 
of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention 
of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and the Group for the year ended 
31 December 2020 and for the year ended 31 December 2019 have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and endorsed by the European Union.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, 
“pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, 
references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan, 
references to “CHF” and “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland, references to 
“Hong Kong dollars” and “HKD” are to the lawful currency for the time being of Hong Kong, and 
references to “RMB”, “CNY” or “Renminbi” are to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi, the lawful currency 
of the PRC, which for the purpose of this document excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ......................................................................................................... 8 
Risk Factors ................................................................................................................................................ 16 
Forward-Looking Statements ...................................................................................................................... 31 
Documents on Display ................................................................................................................................ 32 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................................ 33 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus ............................................................................................................. 42 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ............................................................................................................. 43 
Temporary Global Certificates Issued in Respect of Materialised Bearer Notes ........................................... 91 
Use of Proceeds .......................................................................................................................................... 92 
Description of the Issuer ............................................................................................................................. 93 
Recent Developments ................................................................................................................................. 94 
Subscription and Sale................................................................................................................................ 103 
Form of Final Terms ................................................................................................................................. 110 
General Information .................................................................................................................................. 128 
Persons responsible for the information given in the base prospectus ......................................................... 131

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview is a general description of the Programme and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of 
this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Conditions. 
Issuer 
SUEZ 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) 
549300JQIZM6CL7POC81 
Website of the Issuer 
www.suez.com 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. The identity of the Dealer(s) in respect of a specific 
Tranche will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Programme Limit 
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. 
 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation 
Agent 
and 
Calculation Agent 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Paying 
Agent 
and 
Registration 
Agent 
Société Générale 
Risk factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are 
set out under the heading "Risk factors relating to the Issuer and the 
Group" in the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, there are certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under the heading 
"Risks factors relating to the Notes" in the section headed "Risk 
Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be set out in the final terms prepared in 
connection with such Tranche (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from one (1) month from the date of 
original issue. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, 
Swiss francs, Sterling, Renminbi, Hong Kong dollars and in any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s) 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will be 
€100,000 (or if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or 
such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a maturity

--- Page 10 ---
10 
of less than one (1) year from the date of issue and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Form of Notes 
Notes 
may 
be 
issued 
either 
in 
dematerialised 
form 
(“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised 
Notes”). Dematerialised Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Materialised Notes and Materialised Notes 
will 
not be 
exchangeable for Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered (au 
nominatif pur) or administered registered (au nominatif administré) 
form. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Dematerialised 
Notes issued by the Issuer are to be in bearer (au porteur) 
dematerialised form or in registered (au nominatif) dematerialised 
form. 
 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer 
Notes”) only. A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued 
initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France and the 
United States. 
Conversion of Notes 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholders will not have 
the option to convert from registered (au nominatif) form to bearer 
(au porteur) dematerialised form and vice versa. 
 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au 
nominatif), the Noteholders will have the option to convert from 
fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) to 
administered registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré) and vice versa. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference or priority 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by French law) equally and rateably with all other present 
or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, indebtedness 
and guarantees of the Issuer.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Negative Pledge 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 – see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Negative Pledge”. 
Event of Default 
(including cross-default) 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of the 
Notes as set out in Condition 9 – see “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Events of Default”.  
Redemption Amount 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date at its nominal 
amount, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. Unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a maturity of less 
than one (1) year from the date of issue and in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer 
If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer 
will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any 
time or from time to time, prior to (i) their Maturity Date or (ii) if a 
Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and the Optional Redemption Date is no earlier than 3 months prior 
to the Maturity Date, the first day on which the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes pursuant to the Call Option, at the Optional Redemption 
Amount. 
Clean-up Call Option 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes if a portion of the initial aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes of the same Series at least equal to a percentage, 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Clean-Up Percentage, 
has been redeemed or purchased and, in each case, cancelled, the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole but not in part at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders.  
Early Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption”, “Clean-up Call 
Option” and “Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer” above, 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Redemption, Purchase and Options”.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Put Option in case of Change of 
Control 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity, 
at the option of each Noteholder, further to a change of control of 
the Issuer, the rating of the Issuer is downgraded, as more fully 
described in Condition 6(l).  
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by any jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or 
other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any 
Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, the Issuer, will, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result 
in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, 
as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
subject to certain exceptions. See “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. Unless a higher 
minimum rate of interest is provided in the relevant Final Terms, 
the minimum rate of interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
includes any applicable margin) shall be deemed to be 0.00 per 
cent. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such 
information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(1) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(2) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Currency pursuant to the June 2013 Fédération Bancaire 
Française Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments; or 
 
(3) 
by reference to EURIBOR or CMS Rate (or any Successor 
Rate or any Alternative Rate), in each case as adjusted for 
any applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate 
to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the 
date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of redemption of Inflation Linked 
Notes or of interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be 
calculated by reference to such index and/or formula provided in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Event 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser to 
determine a successor or an alternative benchmark and/or screen 
rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of 
Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). 
Redenomination 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which 
will participate in the single currency of the European and 
Economic Monetary Union may be redenominated into euro, all as 
more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination of the 
Notes”. 
Consolidation 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Further Issues and Consolidation”. 
Governing Law 
The Notes are governed by French law. 
Rating 
The senior unsecured Notes and short term Notes of the Issuer 
under this Programme have been assigned a rating of Baa1 and 
Prime 2 respectively by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”). The 
long-term senior unsecured debt and the short-term senior 
unsecured debt of the Issuer are currently rated Baa1 with stable 
outlook and Prime 2 respectively by Moody’s. Moody’s is

--- Page 14 ---
14 
established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with such regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes 
which are rated will have such rating as is assigned to them by 
Moody’s or such other relevant rating organisation as specified in 
the Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or 
not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Depositaries/ Clearing Systems 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes and Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system that 
may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s) in relation to Materialised Notes. Transfers 
between Euroclear and Clearstream participants, on the one hand, 
and Euroclear France Account Holders, on the other hand, shall be 
effected directly or via their respective depositaries in accordance 
with applicable rules and operating procedures established for this 
purpose by Euroclear and Clearstream, on the one hand, and 
Euroclear France on the other hand. 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes 
One (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Materialised 
Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of 
such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
Listing and Admission to trading on Euronext Paris, or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes 
may be unlisted.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offers and sale of Notes and the 
distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions. See 
“Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of 
the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other 
reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes 
are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of 
the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes. In each sub-category below the Issuer 
sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their 
negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
For the purpose of this section headed “Risk factors”, the “Group” is defined as the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(A) 
Risk factors relating to the Notes  
1. 
Risk factors relating to all Series of Notes  
French Insolvency Law  
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency law applies to the Issuer. Under 
French insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically grouped into a single assembly of 
holders (the “Assembly”), further to the proposal of a plan by two creditors’ committees, if a 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde 
financière accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) is 
opened in France with respect to the Issuer.  
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes), 
whether or not under a debt issuance programme (such as a Euro Medium Term Notes programme) 
and regardless of their governing law and notwithstanding any other contrary clause.  
The members of the Assembly defend their common interests and deliberate on the proposed 
safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), proposed accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan 
de sauvegarde accélérée), proposed accelerated financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de 
sauvegarde financière accélérée) or proposed judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de 
redressement) applicable to the Issuer and may further agree to:  
(a) increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) by 
rescheduling due payment and/or partially or totally writing-off receivables in the form of debts 
securities;

--- Page 17 ---
17 
(b) establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) as 
appropriate under the circumstances; and/or  
(c) decide to convert debt securities (including the Notes) into shares or securities that give or may give 
the right to the share capital.  
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the 
debt securities held by the holders expressing a vote). No quorum is required on convocation of the 
Assembly. Holders of debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes) have the right to 
dispute such decisions within ten days of the Assembly. 
Decisions of the Assembly will be binding upon holders of debt securities if the proposed safeguard 
or rehabilitation plan is (i) adopted by the other creditors' committees of the Issuer (committee of 
financial institutions and committee of suppliers) and (ii) approved by the commercial court. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Meeting and Voting Provisions described 
in Condition 11 will not be applicable, to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory 
insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances.  
It should be noted that a new European directive entitled “Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive 
restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the 
efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending 
Directive (EU) 2017/1132”, has been adopted by the European Union on 20 June 2019. Once 
transposed into French law (which is scheduled to happen by 17 July 2021 at the latest), such 
directive should have a material impact on French insolvency law, especially with regard to the 
process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this directive, 
“affected parties” (i.e., creditors, including the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes 
which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes 
shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that are 
sufficiently similar to justify considering the members of the class a homogenous group with 
commonality of interest. As a minimum, secured and unsecured claims shall be treated in separate 
classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. A restructuring plan shall be deemed to be 
adopted by affected parties, provided that a majority in the amount of their claims or interests is 
obtained in each and every class (the required majorities shall be laid down by Member States of the 
European Union at not higher than 75% in the amount of claims or interests in each class, it being 
noted that Member States of the European Union may require that in addition a majority in number 
of affected parties be obtained in each class). If the restructuring plan is not approved by each and 
every class of affected parties, the plan may however be confirmed by a judicial or administrative 
authority by applying a cross-class cram-down, provided notably that: 
a) the plan has been notified to all known creditors likely to be affected by it; 
b) the plan complies with the best interest of creditors test (i.e., no dissenting creditor would be 
worse off under the restructuring plan than they would be in the event of liquidation, whether 
piecemeal or sale as a going concern); 
c) any new financing is necessary to implement the restructuring plan and does not unfairly 
prejudice the interest of creditors; 
d) the plan has been approved by a majority of the voting classes of affected parties, provided that 
at least one of those classes is a secured creditors class or is senior to the ordinary unsecured 
creditors class; or, failing that, by at least one of the voting classes of affected parties or where so 
provided under national law, impaired parties, other than an equity-holders class or any other 
class which, upon a valuation of the debtor as a going-concern, would not receive any payment

--- Page 18 ---
18 
or keep any interest, or, where so provided under national law, which could be reasonably 
presumed not to receive any payment or keep any interest, if the normal ranking of liquidation 
priorities were applied under national law;  
e) the plan complies with the relative priority rule (i.e., dissenting voting classes of affected 
creditors are treated at least as favourably as any other class of the same rank and more 
favourably than any junior class). By way of derogation, Member States of the European Union 
may instead provide that the plan shall comply with the absolute priority rule (i.e., a dissenting 
voting class of creditors must be satisfied in full before a more junior class may receive any 
distribution or keep any interest under the restructuring plan); and  
f) no class of affected parties can, under the restructuring plan, receive or keep more than the full 
amount of its claims or interests.  
Therefore, when such directive is transposed into French law, it cannot be excluded that the 
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, 
meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any 
other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially 
other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram 
down.  
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse 
effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by the Assembly or a 
class of creditors, as the case may be, could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and 
cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to 
them from the Issuer. 
Credit Risk  
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer. However, an investment in the 
Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, it 
may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, which could 
materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and investors may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Meetings and vote of Noteholders, Modification and waivers  
Condition 11 contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders or for consulting Noteholders 
through Written Resolutions to consider matters affecting their interests generally (but Noteholders 
will not be grouped in a masse having legal personality governed by the provisions of the French 
Code de commerce and will not be represented by a representative of the masse), including without 
limitation the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. These provisions permit in 
certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend (or 
were not represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected, the relevant Written 
Resolution. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to 
impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of 
the Notes and hence investors may lose part of their investment.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Potential conflict of interests with the Dealers and/or the Calculation Agent  
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the calculation agent, and their affiliates have 
and/or may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking, commercial banking and other 
financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to 
securities issued by any entity of the Group (as defined above). They have or may (i) engage in 
investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime 
brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as 
underwriters in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the 
Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other 
securities issued by entities of the Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees 
and commissions for these transactions. Hence, the Dealers for a Tranche of Notes may have 
interests differing from the Noteholder’s interests with respect to the implementation of an issue of 
Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments which could 
be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related 
derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be 
deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes 
and the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation agent), including with respect to 
certain discretionary determinations and judgements that such calculation agent may make pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the 
Notes. In particular, whilst a calculation agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to 
time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, 
liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
2. 
Risk factors relating to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes 
may carry varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such 
as, inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and 
issue price. 
Risk factors relating to the Interest payable on the Notes  
Fixed Rate Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed

--- Page 20 ---
20 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes and therefore their interests may be 
significantly negatively altered. 
Floating Rate Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate 
comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from 
such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but 
there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general 
market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, 
particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant 
reference rate. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and 
therefore their interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate 
Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they 
purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments 
having longer fixed interest periods. If the Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, 
investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may 
reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the 
relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant 
margin, be lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount 
be less than zero. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and 
therefore their interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that, 
automatically or upon decision of the Issuer at a date specified in the Final Terms, can be converted 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The (automatic or 
optional) conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes as it can 
lead to a reduction of the total borrowing costs. If a Fixed Rate is converted into a Floating Rate, the 
rate spread between the Fixed Rate and the Floating Rate may be less in favour than the rate spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes that have the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate may be, at any time, lower than the interest rates of other Notes. If a Floating Rate is converted 
into a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be lower than the rates applicable to these Notes and any such 
volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.  
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” 
and “Floating Rate Notes”.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks”  
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) and where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, 
investors should be aware that EURIBOR and other indices are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”.  
The purpose of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure 
the performance of investment funds published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 
29 June 2016 (as amended, the “Benchmarks Regulation”) is to regulate the risk of manipulating 
the value of indices and to reduce the risk of conflicts of interests arising. Most of the provisions of 
the Benchmarks Regulation have applied since 1 January 2018.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provisions of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input 
data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. The Benchmarks Regulation, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply 
with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU-based, deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called “critical benchmark” 
indices, applies to many interest rate and foreign exchange rate indices, equity indices and other 
indices (including “proprietary” indices or strategies) where used to determine the amount payable 
under or the value or performance of certain financial instruments traded on a trading venue or via a 
systematic internaliser, financial contracts and investment funds. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material adverse impact on any Notes linked to a rate or 
index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular: 
- 
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity 
(including the Issuer) in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and  
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with 
the requirement of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the “benchmark” and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their 
investment or receive less income than would have been the case without such change. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes

--- Page 22 ---
22 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks”, or (iii) lead to the disappearance of 
certain “benchmarks”.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or 
other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
Noteholders should be aware that, if a Benchmark Event occurs, the rate of interest on Notes which 
are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes (please refer to the risk factor entitled "Floating Rate 
Notes – Benchmark Event" below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be 
determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) if 
ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, 
risk-free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking 
term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination 
applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the 
previous period when the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
has amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional 
provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
The existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 and applies since 13 February 2021 
(the “Amending Regulation”). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks by conferring on the Commission or competent national authorities the 
power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks 
being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date 
of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called 
“fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the Commission or 
competent national authorities. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes a benchmark is replaced by a 
benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or 
the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement 
of such benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value 
or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing 
such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently 
from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. In addition, the Amending Regulation 
extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks until the end of 2023 and 
empowered the Commission to further extend this transitional period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory 
requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Event  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, and EURIBOR or another Reference Rate has been 
selected as the Reference Rate, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) provides that the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In

--- Page 23 ---
23 
circumstances where the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, 
nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) provides for the Rate of Interest to be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation 
Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately 
revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before 
the Original Reference Rate was unavailable (and solely in the context that such unavailability does 
not qualify as a Benchmark Event). Uncertainty as to the continuation of such Original Reference 
Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if such 
Original Reference Rate is unavailable may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating 
Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(a)) (which, amongst other events, includes the 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. 
The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to 
result in Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined 
by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 5(a)) may 
be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an 
Adjustment Spread is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The 
use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment 
Spread) may still result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest will be the Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has 
failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it 
will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next 
succeeding Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to 
apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period, or the Rate of Interest applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is 
likely to result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant 
benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be 
determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to 
maturity. This will result in the floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. Noteholders 
may, in such circumstances, be materially affected and receive a lower interest as they would have 
expected if an Independent Adviser had been determined or if such Independent Adviser did not fail 
to determine such Successor or Alternative Rate. 
Risk factors relating to Zero Coupon Notes  
As contemplated by Condition 5(e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market 
interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the 
prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market 
interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the 
same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of 
investment associated with a particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
Risk factors relating to the Redemption of the Notes  
Notes subject to early redemption  
The Issuer has the option, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes, under a 
call option, in whole or in part, as provided in Condition 6(b), a make-whole call option, in whole or 
in part, as provided in Condition 6(c) or a clean-up call option, in whole but not in part, as provided 
in Condition 6(i). In particular, with respect to the Clean-Up Call Option, there is no obligation 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the 
Clean-Up Percentage (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is about to be 
reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the 
serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, the Notes may have been 
trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
In addition, the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall, redeem the Notes in whole but not in 
part, further to the occurrence of certain withholding tax events described in Condition 6(g).

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early might 
negatively affect the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. Furthermore, 
since the Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively 
low, an investor might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the return that would have been received on such Notes had they not been redeemed. 
As a consequence, the yield received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the 
redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, 
investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do 
so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in 
subscribing the Notes and could have significant impact on the Noteholders. 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer and the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer are 
exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer or the 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the 
Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised  
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(c) and the Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(b) are exercisable in whole or in part. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected by 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed. 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading 
market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become 
illiquid and Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Exercise of the Put Option in case of Change of Control in respect of certain Notes may affect the 
liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised  
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option in case of 
Change of Control provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of 
those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders 
may lose part of their investment.  
Risk factors relating to Notes linked to or referencing a specific underlying 
Risk factors relating to Inflation Linked Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined 
by reference to the rate of inflation in France, in the European Monetary Union or in the United 
States of America (“Inflation Linked Notes”), where interest amounts and/or principal are 
dependent upon the performance of an inflation index, which will be one of (i) the consumer price 
index (excluding tobacco) for all households in France or the relevant substitute index (the “CPI”), 
as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (“INSEE”), (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the 
relevant substitute index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as

--- Page 26 ---
26 
calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) or (iii) the United States non-seasonally 
adjusted consumer price index for all urban consumers as reported monthly by the Bureau of Labor 
Statistics of the U.S. Department of Labor (“BLS”) and published on Bloomberg page “CPURNSA” 
or any successor source (“US CPI”) (each an “Inflation Index” and together, the “Inflation 
Indices”). If the value of the relevant index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower 
than the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by 
the Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation 
Linked Notes may vary. Noteholders may receive no interest. However, if, at maturity, the level of 
the relevant Inflation Index is less than 1.00, the Notes will be redeemed at par.  
The above factors could materially and adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and investors could 
lose all or part of their investment.  
Risk factors relating to the denomination of the Notes 
Risk factors relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes  
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are 
denominated in RMB (“RMB Notes”). RMB Notes contain particular risks for potential investors. 
RMB is not freely convertible and may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes 
RMB is not freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate conversion 
between RMB and foreign currencies, including the U.S. dollar, despite the significant reduction 
over the years by the PRC government of its control over routine foreign exchange transactions 
under current accounts.  
Remittance of RMB by foreign investors into the PRC for the purposes of capital account items, 
such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or 
completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities and is subject to a strict 
monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of RMB into the PRC for settlement of 
capital account items are developing gradually.  
Although RMB was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International 
Monetary Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to RMB to settle cross-border 
transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) in 
2018, there is no assurance that the PRC government will continue to liberalise the control over 
cross-border RMB remittances in the future, that any pilot schemes for RMB cross-border utilisation 
will not be discontinued or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which 
have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of RMB into or outside the PRC. In the 
event that the Issuer funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in RMB, this may affect overall 
availability of RMB outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source RMB to finance its 
obligations under the RMB Notes. 
There is only limited availability of RMB outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the RMB 
Notes and the Issuer's ability to source RMB outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross border RMB fund flows, the 
availability of RMB outside the PRC is limited. In efforts to internationalise the RMB, the PBOC 
has established RMB clearing and settlement systems for participating banks in various countries 
through settlement agreements (the “Settlement Agreements”) on the clearing of RMB business 
with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (each, a “RMB Clearing 
Bank”) and these RMB Clearing Banks have been permitted to engage in the settlement of RMB 
trade transactions.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
However, the current size of RMB-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. There 
are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on RMB business participating banks in respect of cross-
border RMB settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. 
Furthermore, RMB business participating banks do not have direct RMB liquidity support from the 
PBOC. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to its own onshore liquidity support from 
the PBOC to square open positions of its relevant participating banks for limited types of 
transactions. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any 
open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In each 
case, the participating banks will need to source RMB from outside the PRC to square such open 
positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore RMB market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. 
There is no assurance that no new PRC regulations will be not promulgated in the future or the 
Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of 
restricting availability of RMB offshore. The limited availability of RMB outside the PRC may 
affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source RMB in the 
offshore market to service its RMB Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such RMB on 
satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as U.S. dollar, to 
respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of 
their investment when converting such currency back into RMB, depending on the prevailing 
exchange rate at that time. 
Risk factors relating to the market generally  
Liquidity Risks/Trading Market for the Notes  
Application may be made to list and/or admit Series of Notes issuer hereunder on Euronext Paris 
and/or any other Regulated Market (as the case may be and if a request for the notification of a 
certificate of approval has been made). The Notes may not have an established trading market when 
issued and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. The absence of 
liquidity may have a significant material adverse effect on the value of the Notes.  
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a 
number of factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition, the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and/or the Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors 
such as the complexity and volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be 
paid in respect of such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding 
amount of the Notes, any redemption features of the Notes, the performance of other instruments 
(e.g., commodities or securities) linked to the reference rates and the level, direction and volatility of 
interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, 
certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may 
have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities.  
As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable 
investors to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Market Value of the Notes  
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or that of the 
Group (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term senior unsecured debt and the short-term

--- Page 28 ---
28 
senior unsecured debt of the Issuer are currently rated Baa1 with stable outlook and Prime 2 
respectively by Moody’s France SAS) and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited 
to, the volatility of market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date.  
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and 
application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial 
and political events in France, in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, including factors affecting 
capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which 
a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and result in losing 
part of its investment in the Notes.  
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls  
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The principal of, or any 
return on, Notes may be payable in, or determined by reference to, one or more specified currencies 
(including exchange rates and swap indices between currencies or currency units). For investors 
whose financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s 
Currency”) other than the specified currency in which the related Notes are denominated, or where 
principal or return in respect of Notes is payable by reference to the value of one or more specified 
currencies other than by reference solely to the Investor’s Currency, an investment in such Notes 
entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar investment in a debt security 
denominated and payable in such Investor’s Currency. Such risks include, without limitation, the 
possibility of significant fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the applicable specified 
currency and the Investor’s Currency and the possibility of the imposition or modification of 
exchange controls by authorities with jurisdiction over such specified currency or the Investor’s 
Currency. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and 
political events over which the Issuer has no control. 
Appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the value of the applicable specified 
currency would result in a decrease in the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on a Note 
denominated, or the principal of or return on which is payable, in such specified currency, in the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal of such Note payable at maturity (if any) and 
generally in the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of such Note. In addition, depending on 
the specific terms of a Note denominated in, or the payment of which is determined by reference to 
the value of, one or more specified currencies (other than solely the Investor’s Currency), 
fluctuations in exchange rates relating to any of the currencies or currency units involved could 
result in a decrease in the effective yield on such Note and, in certain circumstances, could result in a 
loss of all or a substantial portion of the principal of such Note to the investor. 
Government and monetary authorities may also impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, if this risk ever 
materialises, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal 
at all.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
(B) 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group  
Risk factors linked to the Issuer and its activity are described on pages 10 to 17 of the 2020 
Universal Registration Document (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) of 
the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 which was filed under n°D.21-0383 with 
the AMF on 29 April 2021 and which is incorporated by reference herein, and include the following: 
- 
Non-categorized risks  
Risks related to impacts due to the unsolicited takeover bid  
- 
Strategic Risks 
Risk of economic downturn triggered by the Covid crisis  
Risks related to climate change, carbon and changes in environmental regulations 
Risks related to the 2nd wave of Covid and its long-term effects 
Risks of business loss and remunicipalization 
Reputation and opinion risk 
Risks related to insufficient innovation and inadequate adjustment to digital technology 
Risk of lower volumes and prices                   
Risks related to delays in the performance plan  
- 
Operational risks 
Risk of not achieving synergies and integration 
Risks related to cybersecurity, data protection and IT system outages  
Risk related to water, product and service quality  
Environmental and industrial risks 
Construction risk  
Risks related to service continuity  
Risk related to the employee relations climate   
 
Risk factor entitled “Risks related to impacts due to the unsolicited takeover bid” on pages 10 and 11 
of the 2020 Universal Registration Document is hereby updated and should be read as follows: 
“Risks related to impacts due to the unsolicited takeover bid 
Veolia Group published a press release on 30 August  2020 announcing its intention to acquire 
29.9% of SUEZ’s shares from ENGIE at a price of EUR 15.5 per share and then file a takeover bid 
for the rest of SUEZ’s shares following the above-mentioned purchase. On 30 September 2020, 
Veolia increased its proposal to EUR 18 per share (cum dividend). 
On 5 October 2020, following the sale’s approval by ENGIE’s Board of Directors, Veolia purchased 
29.9% of SUEZ’s share capital from ENGIE at EUR 18 per share. In its press release and declaration 
of intent filed with the AMF, Veolia specified that its proposed offer would not be filed without the 
prior approval and favorable ruling of the Board of Directors of SUEZ. 
Since then, Veolia has reasserted several times that it intends to take control of SUEZ and file a 
takeover bid for the rest of SUEZ’s share capital at a price of EUR 18 per share (cum dividend), still 
provided the prior approval and favorable ruling to the bid of the Board of Directors of SUEZ. 
On 7 February 2021, Veolia amended its declaration of intent (by no longer requiring that its 
proposed offer be subject to the favorable response of the SUEZ Board of Directors) and announced 
its intention to file a takeover bid for the SUEZ shares it did not yet hold. 
Veolia sent a document to the AMF on 8 February 2021 entitled “Draft Offer Document”.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
On 12 April 2021, Veolia and SUEZ announced that their respective boards of directors reached an 
agreement in principle on the main terms and conditions of a merger between the two groups. The 
two groups agreed on a takeover bid price by Veolia for SUEZ of €20.50 per SUEZ share (coupon 
attached), subject to the conclusion of a definitive  agreement.  
Veolia and SUEZ have signed a Combination Agreement on 14 May 2021, and following approval 
by their respective Boards of Directors, confirming the terms of the agreement in principle to merge 
concluded on 11 April 2021. 
This takeover bid involves risks for the SUEZ Group both from a strategic and operational 
standpoint. 
From a strategic point of view, there are risks involving delays in implementing the Shaping 2030 
strategic plan, and particularly: 
► 
regarding the Group’s growth trajectory: current uncertainties may lead some SUEZ Group 
customers or partners to question agreements, calls for tenders, or proposals for partnerships 
currently in progress; 
► 
regarding the asset rotation plan and the technological and innovative breakthroughs it 
makes possible, due to potential reluctance of buyers or sellers in this type of situation. 
From a public opinion perspective, concerning the delegated management of public services, a 
perception of reduced competition between private operators could influence how municipal 
customers decide on management methods. 
Operationally, this risk could have an impact on motivation, team commitment and more generally 
on the employee relations climate or even cause talents to leave.”

--- Page 31 ---
31 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with respect 
to the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive 
advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally 
includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, 
“anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees 
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those 
in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. These forward 
looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation (as amended, the “Commission 
Delegated Regulation”).

--- Page 32 ---
32 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
 
1. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus, the 
constitutive documents (statuts) of the Issuer, all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations 
and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or 
referred to in this Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference (a) may be obtained, 
free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours and (b) will be 
available on the website www.suez.com. 
2. 
The following documents will be available, if relevant, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org): 
(1) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris; 
(2) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus;  
(3) 
the 2020 Universal Registration Document; and 
(4) 
the 2019 Universal Registration Document.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections and pages referred to in 
the tables below included in the following documents: 
(1) 
the sections and pages referred to in the table below included in the Document d’Enregistrement 
Universel 2020 in French language1, of the Issuer which was filed under n° D.21-0383 with the 
AMF on 29 April 2021 and which includes, inter alia, the audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the related statutory auditors’ 
report (the “2020 Universal Registration Document”); 
https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-global/files/publication-docs/pdf-francais/finance/suez-
document-enregistrement-universel-2020-fr.pdf?open=true  
(2) 
the sections and pages referred to in the table below included in the Document d’Enregistrement 
Universel 2019 in French language2, of the Issuer which was filed under n° D.20-0275 with the 
AMF on 9 April 2020 and which includes, inter alia, the audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the related statutory auditors’ 
report (the “2019 Universal Registration Document”);  
https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-global/files/publication-docs/pdf-francais/finance/suez-deu-
2019-fr.pdf?open=true  
(3) 
the terms and conditions of the notes and the forms of final terms contained in the base prospectus of 
the Issuer dated, respectively, 25 March 2011 which received visa n°11-086 from the AMF on 25 
March 2011 (the “2011 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms” (https://www.suez.com/-
/media/suez-global/files/publication-docs/pdf-
francais/suez_environnement_base_prospectus_update_2011_vise_par_amf.pdf?open=true)), 
24 
April 2012 which received visa n°12-182 from the AMF on 24 April 2012 (the “2012 EMTN 
Conditions 
and 
Form 
of 
Final 
Terms” 
(https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-
global/files/publication-docs/pdf-english/emtn-base-prospectus-2012-en.pdf?open=true)), 22 May 
2013 which received visa n°13-229 from the AMF on 22 May 2013 (the “2013 EMTN Conditions 
and Form of Final Terms” (https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-global/files/publication-docs/pdf-
francais/prospectus_renouvellement_entm-2013.pdf?open=true)), 28 April 2014 which received visa 
n°14-164 from the AMF on 28 April 2014 (the “2014 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final 
Terms” 
(https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-global/files/publication-docs/pdf-francais/suez-
environnement-company-base-prospectus-2014.pdf?open=true)), 29 April 2015 which received visa 
n°15-172 on 29 April 2015 (the “2015 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms” 
(https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-global/files/publication-docs/pdf-francais/suez-env_base-
prospectus_2015.pdf?open=true)), 29 April 2016 which received visa n°16-156 on 29 April 2016 
(the “2016 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms” (https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-
global/files/publication-docs/pdf-francais/9-april-2016-base-prospectus-emtn-2016.pdf?open=true)), 
1 September 2017 which received visa n°17-454 on 1 September 2017 (the “2017 EMTN 
Conditions 
and 
Form 
of 
Final 
Terms” 
(https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-
global/files/publication-docs/pdf-english/prospectus-issue-of-hybrid-bonds-april-
2017.pdf?open=true)), 1 June 2018 which received visa n°18-221 (the “2018 EMTN Conditions 
                                                   
1  
A free translation in the English language of the 2020 Universal Registration Document has been published on, and may be obtained 
without charge, from the website of the Issuer (www.suez.com). However, such translation is made for information purposes only, and 
only the French version is binding. 
2  
A free translation in the English language of the 2019 Universal Registration Document has been published on, and may be obtained 
without charge, from the website of the Issuer (www.suez.com). However, such translation is made for information purposes only, and 
only the French version is binding.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
and Form of Final Terms” (https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-global/files/publication-docs/pdf-
english/finance/suez-base-prospectus-2018-06-01.pdf?open=true)), 29 May 2019 which received 
visa n°19-236 (the “2019 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms” (https://www.suez.com/-
/media/suez-global/files/publication-docs/pdf-english/credit-notation/suez-base-prospectus-2019-05-
29.pdf?open=true)) and 28 May 2020 which received approval n°20-227 (the “2020 EMTN 
Conditions 
and 
Form 
of 
Final 
Terms” 
(https://www.suez.com/-/media/suez-
global/files/publication-docs/pdf-english/suez-2020-base-prospectus-2020-05-28-en.pdf?open=true), 
and together with the 2011 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms, the 2012 EMTN Conditions 
and Form of Final Terms, the 2013 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms, the 2014 EMTN 
Conditions and Form of Final Terms, the 2015 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms, the 
2016 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms, the 2017 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final 
Terms, the 2018 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms and the 2019 EMTN Conditions and 
Form of Final Terms, the “EMTN Previous Conditions and Forms of Final Terms”).  
Such documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by 
way of a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference, the information on the websites 
to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the AMF.  
Where only certain parts of a document are incorporated by reference, the non-incorporated parts are either 
not relevant for the investor for the purposes of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation or 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
For the avoidance of doubt, “Not Applicable” in the cross-reference table below means that the information 
is not relevant for the purposes of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation. Items of such Annex 7 
of the Commission Delegated Regulation which are not listed in the cross-reference table below are included 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be 
obtained in accordance with section “Documents on Display” of this Base Prospectus. 
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in such documents incorporated by 
reference of this Base Prospectus in accordance with the following cross-reference tables (in which the 
numbering refers to the relevant items of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation): 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
1 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, EXPERTS’ REPORTS AND 
COMPETENT AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
1.3 
Where a statement or report attributed to a person as an 
expert is included in the registration document, provide the 
following in relation to that person:  
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
(a) 
name;  
(b) 
business address;  
(c) 
qualifications;  
(d) 
material interest if any in the issuer.  
If the statement or report has been produced at the issuer’s 
request, state that such statement or report has been included 
in the registration document with the consent of the person 
who has authorised the contents of that part of the 
registration document for the purpose of the prospectus. 
1.4 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, 
provide a confirmation that this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that as far as the issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by that 
third party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. In 
addition, identify the source(s) of the information. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
2 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
2.1 
Names and addresses of the issuer’s auditors for the period 
covered by the historical financial information (together with 
their membership in a professional body). 
Not Applicable 
Page 7 
2.2 
If auditors have resigned, been removed or have not been re-
appointed during the period covered by the historical 
financial information, indicate details if material. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to the 
issuer and that may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the securities, in a limited number of 
categories, in a section headed ‘Risk Factors’.  
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of 
the issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market, taking into account the negative 
impact on the issuer and the probability of their occurrence, 
shall be set out first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by 
the content of the registration document. 
Not Applicable 
Pages 10 to 17 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
Not Applicable 
Page 30 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the issuer, its registration number 
and legal entity identifier (“LEI”). 
Not Applicable 
Page 30

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, 
except where the period is indefinite. 
Not Applicable 
Page 30 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation 
under which the issuer operates, its country of incorporation, 
the address, telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its registered 
office) and website of the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer 
that the information on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is incor­porated by 
reference into the prospectus. 
Not Applicable 
Page 30 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an evaluation of the issuer’s 
solvency. 
Not Applicable 
Pages 31 to 32, 59, 
60, 131, 285 to 287, 
343 and 382  
4.1.6 
Credit ratings assigned to the issuer at the request or with the 
cooperation of the issuer in the rating process. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating 
the main categories of products sold and/or services 
performed. 
Not Applicable 
Pages 35 to 54 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding its 
competitive position. 
Not Applicable 
Pages 61 to 62 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the 
group and the issuer’s position within the group. This may be 
in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
Not Applicable 
Page 106  
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within the 
group, this must be clearly stated together with an 
explanation of this dependence. 
Not Applicable 
Page 107 
8 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
8.1 
Where an issuer includes on a voluntary basis a profit 
forecast or a profit estimate, that profit forecast or estimate 
shall be clear and unambiguous and contain a statement 
setting out the principal assumptions upon which the issuer 
has based its forecast or estimate.  
The forecast or estimate shall comply with the following 
principles:  
(a) 
there must be a clear distinction between assumptions 
about factors which the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies can influence and 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
assumptions about factors which are exclusively 
outside the influence of the members of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies;  
(b) 
the 
assumptions 
must 
be 
reasonable, 
readily 
understandable by investors, specific and precise and 
not relate to the general accuracy of the estimates 
underlying the forecast.  
(c) 
in the case of a forecast, the assumptions shall draw the 
investor’s attention to those uncertain factors which 
could materially change the outcome of the forecast. 
8.2 
The prospectus shall include a statement that the profit 
forecast or estimate has been compiled and prepared on a 
basis which is both:  
(a) 
comparable with the historical financial information; 
(b) 
consistent with the issuer’s accounting policies. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of 
the following persons and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside of that issuer where 
these are significant with respect to that issuer:  
(a) 
members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies;  
(b) 
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
 
 
 
 
 
Not Applicable 
 
 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
Pages 162 to 176 
 
 
Not Applicable 
9.2 
Administrative, 
management, 
and 
supervisory 
bodies 
conflicts of interests. 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the 
issuer, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and their private 
interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the 
event that there are no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
Not Applicable 
Pages 177 to 178 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and describe the measures 
in place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
Not Applicable 
Pages 247, 250 to 
254 and 386 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the issuer. 
Not Applicable 
Page 254

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering the latest two 
financial years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as 
the issuer has been in operation and the audit report in 
respect of each year. 
Pages 258 to 341 
Pages 262 to 351 
11.1.2 Change of accounting reference date  
If the issuer has changed its accounting reference date during 
the period for which historical financial information is 
required, the audited historical financial information shall 
cover at least 24 months, or the entire period for which the 
issuer has been in operation, whichever is shorter. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
11.1.3 Accounting Standards  
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in 
the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the 
financial statements must be prepared according to:  
(a) 
a Member State’s national accounting standards for 
issuers from the EEA as required by Directive 
2013/34/EU;  
(b) a third country’s national accounting standards 
equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for third 
country issuers.  
Otherwise the following information must be included in the 
registration document:  
(a) 
a prominent statement that the financial information 
included in the registration document has not been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and that there may be 
material differences in the financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the 
historical financial information;  
(b) 
immediately 
following 
the 
historical 
financial 
information a narrative description of the differences 
between Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as adopted by 
the Union and the accounting principles adopted by the 
issuer in preparing its annual financial statements. 
Pages 265 to 267 
Pages 269 to 271

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
11.1.4 Where the audited financial information is prepared according 
to national accounting standards, the financial information 
must include at least the following: 
- 
the balance sheet; 
- 
the income statement; 
- 
the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated 
financial statements, include at least the consolidated 
financial statements in the registration document. 
Pages 258 to 336 
Pages 262 to 346 
11.1.6 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information may not be older than 18 months from the date 
of the registration document 
Not Applicable 
Page 262 
11.2 
Auditing of Historical financial information 
 
 
11.2.1 The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be prepared in 
accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014 do not apply: 
(A) 
the historical financial information must be audited 
or reported on as to whether or not, for the purposes of 
the registration document, it gives a true and fair view 
in accordance with auditing standards applicable in a 
Member State or an equivalent standard. 
Otherwise, the following information must be included in the 
registration document: 
(d) 
a prominent statement disclosing which auditing 
standards have been applied; 
(e) 
an explanation of any significant departures from 
International Standards on Auditing; 
(B) 
if audit reports on the historical financial information 
contain qualifications, modifications of opinion, 
disclaimers 
or 
an 
emphasis 
of 
matter, 
such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or emphasis 
of matter must be reproduced in full and the reasons 
given. 
Pages 337 to 341 
Pages 347 to 351

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2020 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
11.2.1a Where audit reports on the historical financial information 
have been refused by the statutory auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers 
or an emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in full. 
Page 337 
Page 347 
11.2.2 Indication of other information in the registration document 
which has been audited by the auditors. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
11.2.3 Where financial information in the registration document is 
not extracted from the issuer’s audited financial statements 
state the source of the data and state that the data is not 
audited. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
11.3.1 Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a 
period covering at least the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
Not Applicable 
Pages 379 to 381 
12 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
12.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered 
into in the ordinary course of the issuer’s business, which 
could result in any group member being under an obligation 
or entitlement that is material to the issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations to security holders in respect of the securities 
being issued. 
Not Applicable 
Page 389 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions and Forms of Final Terms are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
series with notes already issued pursuant to the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions and Forms of Final 
Terms. 
EMTN Previous Conditions and Forms of Final Terms 
2011 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
Pages 43 to 76 and 97 to 113 
2012 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
Pages 48 to 82 and 110 to 127 
2013 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
Pages 33 to 75 and 109 to 122 
2014 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
Pages 32 to 75 and 101 to 115 
2015 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
Pages 31 to 74 and 98 to 111

--- Page 41 ---
41 
2016 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
Pages 31 to 74 and 96 to 109 
2017 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
Pages 35 to 77 and 93 to 107 
2018 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
Pages 35 to 78 and 100 to 115 
2019 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
Pages 37 to 84 and 111 to 126 
2020 EMTN Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
Pages 39 to 86 and 108 to 123

--- Page 42 ---
42 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/979, as amended, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as 
required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms and excepting sentences in italics, shall be applicable to the Notes. In 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In 
the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series 
only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
An amended and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated 8 June 2021 has been agreed between SUEZ (the “Issuer”), Société Générale 
Luxembourg as fiscal agent, principal paying agent, redenomination agent, consolidation and calculation 
agent and Société Générale as paying agent and registration agent. 
The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying 
Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registration Agent”, the 
“Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons (the 
“Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, 
talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions: 
- “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended; 
- “day” means a calendar day. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION(S), TITLE AND REDENOMINATION OF THE NOTES 
(a) 
Form of Notes: Notes may be issued by the Issuer either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised 
Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final 
Terms”), in (x) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, in which case they are 
inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which credits the 
accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined below), (y) in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) only and, in such case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder, either in administered registered dematerialised form (au nominatif administré) 
in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account 
Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders or in fully registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by 
the Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, according to Article 
L. 228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any time request from the 
central depositary identification information of holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur) such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year 
of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email address of such holders. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Euroclear France Account Holder” means any 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on behalf of 
its customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking, SA (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must 
be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in each such currency at the issue date (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) or 
such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or 
financial authority or any applicable laws or regulations. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one 
Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. 
and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en 
compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. Title to Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) and 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), shall 
pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of 
any Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be 
liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes” or “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the 
case may be) as being entitled to such Notes; (ii) in the case of Definitive Materialised 
Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Coupons, or Talon 
relating to it, and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary 
Global Certificate has been issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing 
institution) who appears as a holder of such Notes or of a particular nominal amount of 
interests in such Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the 
applicable rules and procedures of any relevant clearing institution including, without 
limitation, Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate; and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) 
days’ notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the European 
Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended 
from time to time (the “Treaty”)) or events have occurred which have substantially the same 
effects (in either case, “EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any 
Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The 
date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these 
Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting 
the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the 
fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the 
figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. 
The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a 
denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the 
nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be 
payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the 
Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any 
consolidation pursuant to Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 
(including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, 
business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in 
respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not 
prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall 
be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or 
resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected 
in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of issue 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may 
be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of 
each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes initially issued in registered form (au nominatif) only may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such 
option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Dematerialised Notes not exchangeable for Materialised Bearer Notes and vice versa 
Dematerialised Notes may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes and Materialised Notes may not 
be exchanged for Dematerialised Notes. 
3. 
STATUS OF NOTES 
The principal and interest on the Notes are unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu 
without preference or priority among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations and guarantees of the Issuer.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding, the 
Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) will grant 
any mortgage, charge, lien (other than a lien arising by operation of law), pledge or other security 
interest (surêté réelle) (each a “Security Interest”) upon the whole or any part of their respective 
present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined 
below) unless any such operation falls within the definition of Permitted Security Interest (as defined 
below), unless the Issuer, before or at the same time, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that 
(i) its obligations under the Notes are secured equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness or 
(ii) such other Security Interest or other arrangement is provided as is approved by the Noteholders 
whose approval may be given at a General Meeting or through a Written Resolution in each case in 
accordance with Condition 11. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“EBITDA” means consolidated current operating income adjusted by adding back: 
(i) 
depreciation, amortisation and provisions; 
(ii) 
share-based payments (as defined in IFRS 2); and 
(iii) 
net disbursements under concession contracts; 
“Material Subsidiaries” means at any relevant time; 
(i) 
SUEZ Groupe; and 
(ii) 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose (a) EBITDA attributable to the Issuer represents not less 
than twenty (20) per cent. of the EBITDA of the Issuer, and/or (b) turnover (or, where the 
Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated accounts whose consolidated turnover) 
attributable to the Issuer represents not less than twenty (20) per cent. of the consolidated 
turnover of the Issuer, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or 
consolidated accounts, as the case may be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those 
that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to 
the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant 
Euroclear France Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as 
provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agent as 
provided in Conditions 7(b) and 7(c) and remain available for payment against presentation and 
surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have 
become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been 
purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those 
mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such 
Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in 
respect of which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary 
Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions; provided that, for the purposes of ascertaining 
the right to (x) attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and (y) to approve any Written 
Resolution, those Notes that are beneficially held by, or are held on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be 
outstanding; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means a Security Interest granted by the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, where such Relevant Indebtedness is incurred for 
the purpose of, and the proceeds thereof are used in, (i) the purchase of an asset and such security is 
provided over or in respect of such asset or (ii) the refinancing of any indebtedness incurred for the 
purpose of (i) above, provided that the security is provided over or in respect of the same asset; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means (i) any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money which 
is represented by any notes, bonds, or debt securities which are for the time being, or capable of 
being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity 
of any such indebtedness; and 
“Subsidiary” means a subsidiary (filiale) within the meaning of Article L.233-1 of the French Code 
de commerce. 
5. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS  
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the June 2013 FBF Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the 
Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) published by the Fédération Bancaire Française 
(“FBF”) (together the “FBF Master Agreement”) and in the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as of the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series (“ISDA”), have either been used or reproduced 
in this Condition 5: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, 
to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as 
the case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
if no recommendation required under (a) above has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be; or

--- Page 49 ---
49 
(d) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser (acting 
in good faith) determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b) and which is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for a determined interest period in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
that it will, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or that its use will be subject to restrictions which would not allow its further use 
in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate will be (or will be deemed by 
such supervisor to be) no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest or the Issuer to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate.  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (b) 
and (c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(d) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of 
sub-paragraph (e) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no 
longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, as the case may be, and, in 
each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 “Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes denominated in euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated 
Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) system or any 
successor thereto (the “TARGET System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”) 
and/or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any) and/or  
(iii) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a specified currency other than euro and Renminbi, a 
day which is a TARGET Business Day and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for that currency and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a specified currency and/or one or more Business 
Centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”) a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally 
in each of the Business Centre(s) so specified. 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of 
five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is U.S. Dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers 
in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 — FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose 
denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual /365 — 
FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days 
elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose 
numerator is the number of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator 
is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365);

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
in each case where 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
]
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where:  
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 52 ---
52 
“D2” 
is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
]
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
“Y1” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” 
is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” 
is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
]
360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 53 ---
53 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Specified Time”, “Relevant Currency” and 
“Relevant Screen Page” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical 
Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française 
(excluding the FBF Benchmark Events Technical Schedule published in 2020) (together the 
“FBF Master Agreement”), as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a).  
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable for a particular period, and in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period or the interest amount in relation to the RMB Notes, the date specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the city 
specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first (1st) day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if any 
interest in respect of the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue 
Date. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market selected by the Calculation Agent with the approval of the Issuer or 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall 
be either EURIBOR or CMS Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other 
page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed 
leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the 
first (1st) day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in 
each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or 
the ISDA Definitions; and

--- Page 55 ---
55 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, 
two (2) or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, the Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is 
most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the 
nature of the Issuer.  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable 
on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest on 
its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
(except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D)

--- Page 56 ---
56 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant FBF Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
II. 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable) is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate” (Taux Variable), 
“Floating Rate Determination Date” (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) 
and “Transaction” (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the 
FBF Definitions, provided that “Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits in 
euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph “Floating Rate” specifies that the 
rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of 
time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were 
the period of time (for which rates are available) next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for 
an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
II. 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
III. 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate 
Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph “Floating Rate Option” specifies 
that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as 
if the Designated Maturity were the period of time (for which rates are available) 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
III. 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(C)I 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, 
or, if sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(C)II applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time 
specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such

--- Page 58 ---
58 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
IV. 
if sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(C)(III) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are 
in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
V. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being 
CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for CMS Rate 
or for the combination based on CMS Rate as set out in the formula below, 
relating to the relevant maturity (the relevant maturity year mid swap rate in 
EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being 
Reuters page “ISDAFIX 2” under the heading “EURIBOR Basis”, as at 
11.00 a.m. Frankfurt time, in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap 
Rate-11:00 on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, and as determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
or for CMS Rate combination formula: 
m × CMS Rate [specify maturity] [+/-/×] n × CMS Rate [specify maturity]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Where each of “m” and “n” means the number specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least 
three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph “Reference Rate” specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were 
the period of time (for which rates are available) next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(D) 
Benchmark Event 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over 
other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). 
(a) Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an independent expert. In the absence of bad faith, manifest error or 
fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms or the Noteholders or the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
(b) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner that: 
(i)  there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or 
(ii)  there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)). 
(c) Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or 
a relevant component thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
(d) Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and 
the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(e) Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by 
one authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(i)  confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where 
applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments as determined by the Independent Adviser in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D); and 
(ii)  certifying that the Independent Adviser has confirmed that the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents shall make such certificate available at their 
respective offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at all reasonable times during 
normal business hours.  
Each of Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled 
to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence 
thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, the Calculation 
Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
(f)  
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Period. For the sake of clarity, where, in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms, a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, and notwithstanding the fact that

--- Page 62 ---
62 
the Rate of Interest shall remain the one determined in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period as indicated above, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(f) shall apply 
to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(f). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (a), 
(b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for 
in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event 
has occurred. 
(g)  
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser and ensure that the provisions of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the 
Original Reference Rate. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes  
(A) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in France, as 
calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final 
Terms, this Condition shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set 
out below only when this Condition shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the 
“CPI Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis of: 
I. 
a fixed rate being the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms 
multiplied by the Index Inflation Ratio. 
On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
“Interest Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition, the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is 
the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, 
as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). The IIR 
will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up).

--- Page 63 ---
63 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first 
(1st) day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third 
(3rd) month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other 
than the first (1st) day) in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of 
the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third (3rd) 
month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second (2nd) month preceding 
such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-3  
 
+ 
M
ND
D
1
−
 
 
x 
(CPI Monthly 
Reference IndexM-2 - 
CPI Monthly Reference 
IndexM-3) 
With: 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M – 3; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; and 
“
M
ND
”: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
The CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears 
on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on 
Bloomberg TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In 
the case of doubt in the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the 
Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the 
procedures selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations 
assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price 
index excluding tobacco for all households in France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced 
from time to time as provided herein. 
II. 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation 
issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in its December 2010 Paper entitled 
“Inflation Indexed Notes” (Obligations et autres instruments de taux 
d’intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des marchés de capitaux – Chapitre II: 
Les obligations indexées sur l’inflation). In the case of any conflict between 
the calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided 
by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the 
calculation method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed 
rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
III. 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under the heading 
“indice de substitution”. Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference 
Index is released, it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
13
-
M
12
1
1-
M
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
x
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes which have been 
calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of the 
December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint 
publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
 
basis
 
previous
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
basis
 
new
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
=
Key
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index (New Basis) = CPI Monthly 
Reference Index (Previous Basis) x Key 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as 
calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) is specified as

--- Page 65 ---
65 
the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition shall apply. Terms 
defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this 
Condition shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the 
HICP (the “HICP Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis of: 
I. 
a fixed rate being the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms multiplied by the Index Inflation Ratio. 
On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date 
(an “Interest Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will 
calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition, the “Inflation Index Ratio” or 
“IIR” is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date 
or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base 
reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). The IIR will be rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to 
the first (1st) day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index of the third (3rd) month preceding such month, and (B) in 
relation to a day (D) (other than the first (1st) day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index pertaining respectively to the third (3rd) month preceding such 
month (M - 3) and the second (2nd) month preceding such month (M 
- 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
 
HICP 
Monthly 
Reference 
IndexM-3 
 
+ 
M
ND
1
D −
 
 
x 
(HICP Monthly 
Reference IndexM-2-HICP 
Monthly Reference 
Index M-3) 
With: 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 
2; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 
3. 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; and 
“NDM”: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
The HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will be rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page 
OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr and on Bloomberg page 
TRESOR. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index 
of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as 
calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted 
or replaced from time to time as provided herein. The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index for a given 
month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level 
for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
II. 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each 
Interest Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be 
equal to the fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant Final 
Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
III. 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the 
“Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index”) shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already 
been published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically 
be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. 
Once the definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
released, it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from 
this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the basis 
of the most recently published figure adjusted as set out in 
the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
13
-
M
12
1
1-
M
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
x
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been 
calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of the 
December HICP Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint 
publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
basis
 
previous
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
basis
 
new
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
=
Key
 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference Index = HICP Monthly Reference Index x 
Key 
 
 
 
 
 
(C) 
The U.S. Consumer Price Index (US CPI) 
The US CPI is the non-seasonally adjusted U.S. City Average All Items 
Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, reported monthly by the 
Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Labor Department (the “BLS”) and 
published on Bloomberg page “CPURNSA” or any successor source. The 
US CPI for a particular month is published during the following month. 
The BLS is not involved in the offering of any Notes paying interest based 
on the US CPI in any way and has no obligation to consider any investor’s 
or potential investor’s interests as a holder or potential holder of any Notes 
paying interest based on the US CPI. The BLS has no obligation to 
continue to publish the US CPI, and may discontinue publication of the US 
CPI at any time in its sole discretion. The consequences of the BLS 
discontinuing publication of the US CPI are described below. None of the 
Issuer, Arranger, Dealers and Calculation Agent assumes any responsibility 
for the calculation, maintenance, or publication of the US CPI reported by 
the BLS and Bloomberg or any successor index, or the accuracy or 
completeness of any information BLS utilizes in calculating the US CPI or 
published on the Bloomberg page “CPURNSA” or any successor source. 
The US CPI is a measure of the average change in consumer prices over 
time for a fixed market basket of goods and services, including food, 
clothing, shelter, fuels, transportation, charges for doctors' and dentists' 
services and drugs. In calculating the index, price changes for the various 
items are averaged together with weights that represent their importance in 
the spending of urban households in the United States. The contents of the 
market basket of goods and services and the weights assigned to the 
various items are updated periodically by the BLS to take into account 
changes in consumer expenditure patterns. The US CPI is expressed in 
relative terms in relation to a time base reference period for which the level 
is set at 100.0. The base reference period for Notes paying interest based 
on the US CPI is the 1982-1984 average. 
All information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the US CPI, 
including, without limitation, its make-up and method of calculation, has 
been derived from publicly available information. The Issuer, Arranger, 
Dealers and Calculation Agent do not make any representation or 
warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. 
Notes paying interest based on the US CPI will pay a rate per annum 
linked to the Change in the US CPI (i) plus, if applicable, an additional 
amount of interest (referred to as the “spread”) or (ii) multiplied by a 
number (referred to as the “multiplier”), as either may be specified in the

--- Page 68 ---
68 
relevant Final Terms; provided that, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the applicable Rate of Interest for Notes paying 
interest based on the US CPI will also be subject to a Minimum Rate of 
Interest equal to 0.00 per cent. per annum and possibly a Maximum Rate of 
Interest. The “Change in the US CPI” for a particular interval will be 
calculated as follows: 
 
where: 
“CPI(t)” for any Determination Date is the level of the US CPI for a 
calendar month (the “reference month” which shall be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) prior to the calendar month in which the applicable 
Determination Date falls; and 
“CPI(t-x)” for any Determination Date is the level of the US CPI for a 
calendar month prior to the applicable reference month, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If by 3:00 p.m. New York City time on any Determination Date the US 
CPI is not published on Bloomberg “CPURNSA” for any relevant month, 
but has otherwise been reported by the BLS, then the Calculation Agent 
will determine the US CPI as reported by the BLS for such month using 
such other source as, on its face, after consultation with the Issuer, appears 
to accurately set forth the US CPI as reported by the BLS. 
In calculating CPI(t) and CPI(t-x), the Calculation Agent will use the most 
recently available value of the US CPI determined as described above on 
the applicable Determination Date, even if such value has been adjusted 
from a previously reported value for the relevant month. However, if a 
value of CPI(t) or CPI(t-x) used by the Calculation Agent on any 
Determination Date to determine the interest rate on a Series of Notes is 
subsequently revised by the BLS, the interest rate for such Series of Notes 
determined on such Determination Date will not be revised. 
If the US CPI is rebased to a different year or period and the 1982-1984 US 
CPI is no longer used, the base reference period for Notes paying interest 
based on the US CPI will continue to be the 1982-1984 reference period as 
long as the 1982-1984 US CPI continues to be published by the BLS. 
If, while any Series of Notes paying interest based on the US CPI is 
outstanding, the US CPI is discontinued or is substantially altered, as 
determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the successor index for 
such Series of Notes will be that index chosen by the Secretary of the 
Treasury to replace the US CPI for the purpose of calculating payments on 
the Department of the Treasury's Inflation-Linked Treasuries as described 
at 62 Federal Register 846-874 (6 January 1997) or, if no such securities 
are outstanding, the successor index will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In addition, for the purposes of Notes paying interest based on the US CPI:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
“Determination Date” shall mean two (2) business days in New York 
immediately prior to the beginning of the applicable Interest Period, or as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (but not more than twenty-eight (28) 
days prior to the beginning of the applicable Interest Period). 
“Interest Period” shall mean, in respect of any Series of Notes paying 
interest based on the US CPI, the period beginning on and including the 
Issue Date of such Series of Notes and ending on but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date, and each successive period beginning on and 
including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date, or such other period as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” shall be the Interest Payment Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to 
the Maturity Date shall be the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(f)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation 
to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, 
in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the 
case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest 
is provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, includes any applicable Margin) shall be deemed to be 0.00 per cent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such

--- Page 70 ---
70 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of 
such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note 
for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more 
Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: As soon as 
practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to 
be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Early 
Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) 
Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is 
unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another 
Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions 
to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective 
duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the 
Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, 
if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal Luxembourg office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in 
its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed

--- Page 71 ---
71 
as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 15. 
(k) 
RMB Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the 
Rate of Interest. For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each 
Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for 
the relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after 
confirmation by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying 
Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth (4th) Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination and Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 
9, the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the 
amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period 
or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
6. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which is its nominal amount, except for Zero Coupon Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any date (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) (the “Optional Redemption Date”). Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together 
with interest accrued (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) to the date fixed for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), if any. Any such redemption or exercise must 
relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion 
to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will, subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) have the 
option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to (i) their 
Maturity Date or (ii) if a Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Optional Redemption Date is no earlier than 3 months prior to the Maturity Date, the first day on 
which the Issuer may redeem the Notes pursuant to the Call Option (the “Make-Whole Redemption 
Date”), at their Optional Redemption Amount (as defined below).  
"Optional Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this 
Condition 6(c) an amount, calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and,  
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
on such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual 
basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes (except with respect to Zero 
Coupon Notes) to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
“Redemption Rate” means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the 
mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the fourth (4th) business day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. 
(Central European time (CET)).  
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) will be chosen by the Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) 
on the third (3rd) business day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 15. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be 
redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances and taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements on 
which the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of, Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be 
effected, at the option of the Issuer, by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised 
Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and Regulated Market or other stock exchange requirements on which the 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading.  
Any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(c) shall be deemed void and of no effect 
in relation to any Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the relevant 
Noteholder had already delivered an Exercise Notice in relation to such Note in accordance with 
Condition 6(d) below. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) at its Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) together with interest accrued (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) to the date fixed 
for redemption including, where applicable, any arrears of interest. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office a 
duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained from any Paying 
Agent, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall 
have attached to it such Notes (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent or the Paris Paying Agent 
specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited 
or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(e) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purpose of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth (5th) Business Day 
before the Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference 
on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or (iii) if the US CPI is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Change in the US CPI, but where for these purposes the reference 
to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t) shall be interpreted to be the date falling two (2) Business Days

--- Page 74 ---
74 
prior to the Maturity Date, and the reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t-x) shall be 
interpreted to be the date falling two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be 
redeemed at par.  
(f) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(g), 6(i) or Condition 6(k) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be calculated as 
provided below. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if 
none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 
6(g), 6(i) or Condition 6(k) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be as defined in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though 
the date on which the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption 
Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may 
accrue in accordance with Condition 5(d). Where such calculation is to be made for 
a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(f)(ii) shall apply in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
“Early Redemption Amount” = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth (5th) 
Business Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is specified as 
the index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on 
the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Terms, (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base 
Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms or (iii) if the US CPI is specified as 
the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the Change in the US CPI, but where for 
these purposes, the reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t) shall be 
interpreted to be the date falling five (5) Business Days prior to the date set for 
redemption, and the reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t-x) shall be 
interpreted to be the date falling two (2) Business Days prior to the Issue Date. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes 
will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(g)(ii) applies) fall to be 
redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
Such accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
period from, and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of 
Condition 5(c)(iv) above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be the fifth (5th) business day prior to the relevant Early 
Redemption Date.  
(iii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
6(g) or Condition 6(k), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(g) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, 
French law becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer, would on the occasion of the 
next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to 
make such payment without having to pay Additional Amounts as specified and defined 
under Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than 
forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) provided that the due date 
for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without 
withholding or deduction for such taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay Additional Amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer, 
shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving 
not less than seven (7) days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where

--- Page 76 ---
76 
applicable, any arrears of interest) on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which 
the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the 
Notes or, if applicable, Coupons, or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the 
applicable laws and regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded 
in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the 
Notes. 
(i) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if a 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Percentage”) of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same Series (including any further Notes issued pursuant 
to Condition 14) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at the 
Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued 
to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering 
the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together 
with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). 
Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application of French law 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(l) 
Redemption or repurchase at the option of the Noteholders in case of Change of Control: 
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control (as defined below) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if a Put Event (as defined below) occurs, each Noteholder will have the option to require 
the Issuer to redeem, or procure purchase for, all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the 
Put Date (as defined below) at their principal amount together with interest accrued up to but 
excluding such date of redemption or repurchase. Such option (the “Put Option in case of Change 
of Control”) shall operate as set out below.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(A) 
A “Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
Any person or group of persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting on 
behalf of any such person(s) (the “Relevant Persons”) (a) acquires directly or 
indirectly more than fifty (50) per cent. of the total voting rights or of the issued 
ordinary share capital of the Issuer (or any successor entity), (b) acquires directly or 
indirectly a number of shares in the ordinary share capital of the Issuer carrying 
more than forty (40) per cent. of the voting rights exercisable in general meetings of 
the Issuer and no other shareholder of such entity, directly or indirectly, acting alone 
or in concert with others, holds a number of shares carrying a percentage of the 
voting rights exercisable in such general meetings which is higher than the 
percentage of voting rights attached to the number of shares held directly or 
indirectly by such Relevant Person(s) (any such event being a “Change of 
Control”); and 
(ii) 
on the date notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
15 (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (x) the date of the 
first public announcement of the Change of Control; and (y) the date of the earliest 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement, either the Notes or the senior 
unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer carries from any Rating Agency: 
(x) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3, or equivalent, or better), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency is, within the Change of Control Period 
either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1, or 
equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control 
Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of 
a withdrawal) reinstated to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating 
Agency; or 
(y) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1, or equivalent, or worse), and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period 
either downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 
being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control 
Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of 
a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating 
Agency; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
1. 
any such decision of the relevant Rating Agency referred to in (x) or (y) 
above shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular 
Change of Control if such Rating Agency does not publicly announce or 
confirm that such decision was the result, in whole or in part, of any event 
or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the 
applicable Change of Control; and 
2. 
if at the time of the occurrence of a Change of Control neither the Notes nor 
the senior unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer is rated by a Rating 
Agency, and no Rating Agency assigns within the Change of Control Period 
an investment grade rating to the Notes, a Put Event will be deemed to have 
occurred.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(B) 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the Issuer shall give 
notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
specifying the nature of the Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure 
for exercising the option contained in this Condition. 
(C) 
To exercise the Put Option in case of Change of Control to require redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes, any Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred the Notes to be so 
redeemed or repurchased to the account of any Paying Agent and deliver to the Issuer a duly 
completed redemption or repurchase notice in writing (a “Change of Control Put Notice”), 
in which such Noteholder will specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under 
this paragraph, within the period (the “Put Period”) of forty-five (45) days after a Put Event 
Notice is given (except where (i) the Noteholder gives the Issuer written notice of the 
occurrence of a Put Event of which it is aware and (ii) the Issuer fails to give a Put Event 
Notice to the Noteholders by close of business of the third (3rd) Business Day after the 
receipt of such notice from the Noteholder, in which case the Put Period will start from such 
third (3rd) Business Day and will end on the day falling forty-five (45) days thereafter). 
A Change of Control Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem, or 
procure purchase for, the Notes in respect of which the Put Option in case of Change of 
Control has been validly exercised as provided above and subject to the transfer of the 
Notes, on the date which is the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the Put Period 
(the “Put Date”). Payment in respect of such Notes will be made by transfer to the bank 
account specified in the Change of Control Put Notice. 
(D) 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant 
Announcement Date, and ending one hundred eighty (180) days (inclusive) after the 
occurrence of the relevant Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Notes or 
the senior unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer are under consideration (such consideration 
having been announced publicly within the period ending one hundred twenty (120) days 
after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may 
be, for rating by, a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed sixty (60) days after the public 
announcement of such consideration); 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: Moody’s France SAS, any other rating 
agency of equivalent international standing requested from time to time by the Issuer to 
grant a rating to the Issuer and/or the Notes and in each case, any of their respective 
successors to the rating business thereof; and 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement 
or statement by the Issuer or any Relevant Person relating to any potential Change of 
Control. 
7. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to 
the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders 
for the benefit of the Noteholders or (in the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered 
form) to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated

--- Page 79 ---
79 
by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Euroclear France Account Holders will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject 
as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the 
case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque 
payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an 
account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. No payments in respect of Materialised Bearer 
Notes shall be made by transfer to an account in, or mailed to an address in, the United States. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes 
are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in 
the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by U.S. law, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed 
under the Agency Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registration Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent act solely as agents of each Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent 
experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registration Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination 
Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form a Registration Agent, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at 
least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any 
other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(e) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14,

--- Page 80 ---
80 
the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and 
Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so 
consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where 
applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) (or, in 
the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any arrears of interest 
corresponding to such Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are 
to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any arrears of interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender 
if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a 
Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may 
have become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, 
the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means

--- Page 81 ---
81 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which 
Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified 
as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency 
other than euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the 
relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in 
euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent or Euro Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in 
these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is 
otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such 
unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to 
satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on 
giving not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30)-days irrevocable notice to the Noteholders 
prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars 
or (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) in Euro on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
(or the Euro Equivalent as the case may be) of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (or Euro Equivalent as the case may be) of the 
relevant principal or interest in respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar (or 
Euro) account of the relevant account holders for the benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance 
of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (or Euro Equivalent as the case may be) 
shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all 
Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
“Euro Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into Euros using the RMB Spot 
Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, 
other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the 
Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two 
Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).

--- Page 82 ---
82 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to 
an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong and in New York City (in the case of payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent) or Paris (in the 
case of payment of the Euro Equivalent). 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate 
for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong 
Kong for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, or as the case may be, the spot CNY/EUR 
exchange rate for the purchase of Euros with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in 
Hong Kong for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a 
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, the 
RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar or as the 
case may be CNY/EUR official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment 
reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. If no CNY/EUR official fixing rate is available on the Reuters 
Screen Page CNY=SAEC on the RMB Rate Calculation Date, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will 
determine the RMB Spot Rate as soon as possible using the latest available CNY/U.S. dollar fixing 
rate and then the latest U.S. dollar/EUR official fixing rate available on a Reuters Screen Page 
selected by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter 
Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page 
for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using 
the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent. 
8. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever

--- Page 83 ---
83 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any jurisdiction or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
assimilated revenues made by the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding 
or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, the Issuer, will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who is 
liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of 
the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date: in respect of 
Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the Noteholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts 
on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
All payments in respect of the Notes or Coupons will be made subject to any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), to the 
extent applicable. Should a withholding or deduction be required pursuant to FATCA, the Issuer will 
not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of 
arrears of interest, references to “becomes due” shall be interpreted in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 5(g)) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with 
the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all arrears of interest) 
payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or 
“interest” shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts that may be payable under this 
Condition. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Any Noteholder may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent effective upon the date of receipt 
thereof by the Fiscal Agent and unless all defaults shall have been remedied, that all the Notes held 
by such Noteholder become immediately due and payable, whereupon such Notes shall become 
immediately due and payable at their principal amount, plus accrued interest without any other 
formality, if any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs:

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(i) 
the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note (including 
the payment of any Additional Amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under 
“Taxation” above) and such default shall not have been cured within fifteen (15) days; or 
(ii) 
there is a default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other provision of the Notes, 
and such default shall not have been cured within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Fiscal 
Agent of written notice of default given to the Fiscal Agent by the Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and/or any of its Material Subsidiaries (i) shall fail to make one or more 
payments when due or within any applicable grace period on any indebtedness for money 
borrowed or guarantee of the indebtedness for money borrowed of another party in an 
aggregate principal amount of at least Euro 100,000,000 (or, in each case, the equivalent in 
another currency) and (ii) (other than where the due date for such defaulted payment is the 
stated maturity) such indebtedness shall have been accelerated; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is subject to a judgment rendered for its 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the whole or part of the 
business (cession totale ou partielle de l’entreprise); or 
(v) 
any Material Subsidiary of the Issuer not established in France is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent or ceases payment or is found unable to pay its debts or any order is 
made by any competent court or administrative agency for, or a resolution is passed by it 
for, judicial composition proceedings with its creditors or for the appointment of a receiver 
or trustee or other similar official in insolvency proceedings in relation to it or any event 
occurs which under the law of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous or equivalent 
effect; or 
(vi) 
the Issuer and/or any of its Material Subsidiaries sells or otherwise disposes of all or 
substantially all of its assets or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole of its 
business or substantially the whole of its business or an order is made or an effective 
resolution passed for its winding-up, dissolution or liquidation, unless such winding-up, 
dissolution, liquidation, cessation or disposal is made in connection with a merger, 
consolidation, reconstruction, amalgamation or other form of combination (a 
“Restructuring”) with or to, any other corporation and (i) in the case of the Issuer, the 
liabilities under the Notes are transferred to and assumed by such other corporation and the 
credit rating assigned by any Rating Agency to the long-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness of the surviving entity of such Restructuring following such 
Restructuring is not less than the credit rating assigned by any such credit rating agency to 
the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer immediately prior 
to the effective date of such Restructuring, or (ii) in the case of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary, the undertaking and assets of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary are vested 
in the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in 
the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
11. 
MEETING AND VOTING PROVISIONS 
(i) 
Interpretation 
In this Condition: 
(A) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all 
Tranches of a single Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise 
requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in 
respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of 
the Series in respect of which a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and 
to the holders of those Notes (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer), 
respectively; 
(C) 
“outstanding” has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 4 above; 
(D) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in paragraph (iv) 
below passed (x) at a General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting 
rules described in paragraph (iv) below or (y) by a Written Resolution; 
(E) 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph (vi) (A) below; and 
(F) 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than seventy-five (75) per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes outstanding. References to a Written Resolution include, unless the 
context otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic Consent.  
(ii) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L. 213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier: 
(a) the Noteholders shall not be grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and 
acting in part through a representative of the noteholders (représentant de la masse) and 
through general meetings; however, 
(b) Articles L. 228-46-1, L. 228-57, L. 228-58, L. 228-59, L. 228-60, L. 228-60-1, L. 228-
61 (with the exception of the first paragraph thereof), L. 228-65 (with the exception of 
Article L. 228-65 I 1°, Article L. 228-65 I 3° and the second sentence of Article L. 228-65 
II), L. 228-66, L. 228-67, L. 228-68, L. 228-69, L. 228-71 (with the exception of the 
second sentence of the first paragraph and the second paragraph thereof), L. 228-72, L. 
228-73 (with the exception of the third paragraph thereof), L. 228-76, L. 228-88, R.228-61, 
R. 228-65, R. 228-66, R. 228-67, R. 228-68, R. 228-69, R. 228-70, R. 228-71, R. 228-72, 
R. 228-73, R. 228-74, R. 228-75, R. 228-76, R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French Code 
de commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders shall apply to the General 
Meetings, provided however that whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, 
“par les représentants de la masse”, “d’une masse”, “et au représentant de la masse”, “de 
la masse intéressée”, “composant la masse”, “de la masse à laquelle il appartient”, “dont 
la masse est convoquée en assemblée” or “par un représentant de la masse”, appear in 
those provisions, they shall be deemed to be deleted, and subject to the following 
provisions of this Condition 11.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(iii) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If 
such General Meeting has not been convened within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court in 
Nanterre to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under Condition 15 not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date of such 
General Meeting. Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in 
person, by proxy, by correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one 
Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such 
Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the General Meeting may appoint a nominee to file a proof of 
claim in the name of all Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or 
judicial liquidation of the Issuer. Failing such appointment of a nominee, the judicial 
representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own initiative or at the request of any 
Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders who will file 
the proof of Noteholders’ claim.  
(iv) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the 
Issuer for the defence of its own interests; such a legal action does not require the 
authorisation of the General Meeting.  
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of 
the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to 
rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, 
however, that the General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the 
Noteholders, nor establish any unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to 
convert Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present 
or represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken 
by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or 
represented thereat. 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant account holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the 
second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant 
general assembly.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 15. 
(v) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of their number to be 
chairman (the “Chairman”) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such 
General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such vote). If the 
Noteholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the 
highest number of Notes and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not 
be the same person as the Chairman of the original meeting from which the adjournment 
took place.  
(vi) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect of any Series 
of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General 
Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written 
Resolution. Subject to the following sentence a Written Resolution may be contained in 
one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 225-97 of the French 
Code de commerce approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of 
electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic 
Consent”). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to 
the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form 
and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval 
or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or 
rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes 
until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(vii) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic 
Consent, shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting 
and whether or not, in the case of a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have 
participated in such Written Resolution or Electronic Consent and each of them shall be 
bound to give effect to the resolution accordingly. 
(viii) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder will have the right, during the 15-day period preceding the holding of 
each General Meeting and Written Resolution Date, to consult or make a copy of the text 
of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be presented at the 
General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders 
at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written 
Resolution.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(ix) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings 
and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(x) 
Benchmark Event 
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to 
the application of a Benchmark Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
agreed and approved any Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d). 
12. 
COMPLETION OF CONDITIONS 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and Regulated Market or other stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for 
the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as 
the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination and Consolidation 
Agents from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further 
Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save for the issue date, issue 
price and first payment of interest) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation 
and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the prior approval of 
the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after 
the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether 
or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in euro, provided such other 
Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise 
have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
15. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if 
either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) as long as such Notes are admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris, in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times), or (c) they are published in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
AMF and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market or other 
stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent 
authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les 
Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 
221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market or other stock exchange and the 
rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation (i) in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) or other stock exchange(s) on 
which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other 
competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 15. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or custodian to the operations of 
which the Notes are admitted in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by 
Conditions 15(a), (b) and (c) above; except that so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market or other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or 
other stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market or other stock exchange on which such 
Note(s) is/are listed and admitted to trading is located. The Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon 
notifications made by Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other depositary or 
custodian to which the Dematerialised Notes are admitted. The Issuer shall not be liable to anyone 
for such reliance.  
(e) 
Notices given pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the 
French Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared and on the website of the Issuer (www.suez.com). For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 
15(a), (b), (c) and (d) shall not apply to such notices.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising from or connected with the 
Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be 
brought before any competent court located in Nanterre.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of 
subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream 
held by such other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of 
Notes that is initially deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly 
be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes will be exchangeable, free 
of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(1) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “Selling 
Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(2) 
otherwise, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes before interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global 
Certificate so surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate 
may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not 
already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market or stock exchange 
requirements in, or substantially in, the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day next succeeding the day that 
is forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are 
issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 14(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global 
Certificate shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue of such further 
Materialised Notes.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes. If in 
respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
For a general description of the Issuer, its activities and its financial conditions, please refer to the cross-
reference table appearing in section “Documents incorporated by Reference” on pages 30 to 37 of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
On 29 April 2021, Suez published the following press release: 
 
SUEZ Q1 2021: Excellent results, with strong organic growth compared to 2019 and 2020, illustrating 
the success of SUEZ 2030 plan  
 
 
 
The Group’s commercial dynamism is reflected in robust organic revenue growth (+5.9% vs. 
Q1 2020 / +6.2% vs. Q1 2019), with positive contributions from all business segments 
 
The acceleration of the performance plan drove an increase in EBITDA to €768 M (organic 
growth of +17.0% vs. Q1 2020 / +14.6% vs. Q1 2019). EBIT stands at €340 M (organic growth 
of +39.0% vs. Q1 2020 / +16.3% vs. Q1 2019) 
 
Strong operational execution: resilient Water activities and strong performance in Recycling 
and Recovery (especially in France) and Environmental Tech & Solutions (especially SES and 
WTS)  
 
Solid cash generation, supported by tight control of working capital 
 
2021 objectives and outlook confirmed 
 
An ordinary dividend only, of €0.65 per share, will be proposed to shareholders at the Annual 
General Meeting to be held on 22 June 2021 
 
Work is underway to complete the final merger agreements between SUEZ and Veolia by 14 
May 
 
Bertrand Camus, SUEZ CEO, commented:  
“The first quarter results have been excellent, not just in comparison to 2020 but also compared to 2019. The 
Group recorded solid organic growth, strong improvement in profitability, and very good cash generation, all 
of which are at historically high levels for a first quarter. All of our business segments are growing. Our 
Recycling & Recovery activities in particular are reaping the benefits of a solid price dynamic and an 
increase in the volume of waste processed in Europe; our Environmental Tech & Solutions activities are 
returning to a more sustained growth path. Operational profitability is driven by this growth and also, 
notably, the acceleration of our performance plan. 
In a still volatile environment, due to the persistence of the pandemic and Veolia’s current tender offer, the 
Group is increasing its operational efficiency thanks to the actions of the SUEZ 2030 plan implemented by 
our teams, whom I would like to thank for their commitment and determination. The solutions we provide to 
our clients are in demand everywhere, and we have signed a number of major contracts this quarter.  
This excellent first quarter is further proof that SUEZ is well positioned to achieve its objectives for 2021.”

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
RESULTS AS AT 31 MARCH 2021 
 
The SUEZ Board of Directors examined the consolidated results as at 31 March 2021 at its meeting on 
28 April 2021. These results were reviewed by the Audit Committee at its meeting on 26 April 2021. 
 
In million euros 
31 March 
2019 
31 March 
2020 
31 March 
2021 
Change  
gross 
vs 2020 
Change  
excluding 
FX  
vs 2020  
Change 
organic 
vs 2020 
Change 
organic 
vs 2019 
Revenue 
4,210 
4,198 
4,311 
+2.7% 
+4.2% 
+5.9% 
+6.2% 
EBITDA 
709 
676 
768 
+13.5% 
+14.3% 
+17.0% 
+14.6% 
EBITDA / Revenue 
16.9% 
16.1% 
17.8% 
 
 
 
 
EBIT 
293 
231 
340 
+47.0% 
+46.9% 
+39.0% 
+16.3% 
EBIT / Revenue 
7.0% 
5.5% 
7.9% 
 
 
 
 
 
In million euros 
31 March 2019 31 March 2020 31 March 2021 
Change 
Gross 
vs 2020 
Net debt 
10,367 
10,402 
9,783 
-6.0% 
Net debt / EBITDA 
3.3x 
3.3x 
3.4x 
+0.1x

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
GROUP PERFORMANCE 
 
Revenue 
in million euros 
31 March 
2020 
31 March  
2021 
Change gross 
Change 
organic 
Change 
excluding FX 
TOTAL 
4,198 
4,311 
+2.7% 
+5.9% 
+4.2% 
Of which: 
 
 
 
 
 
Water  
1,609 
1,581 
-1.8% 
+0.3% 
-0.4% 
Recycling and Recovery  
1,838 
1,993 
+8.4% 
+11.8% 
+8.4% 
Environmental Tech & Solutions 
827 
805 
-2.6% 
+2.2% 
+2.2% 
Inter-company 
-76 
-68 
-10.6% 
-10.6% 
-10.6% 
 
 The change in gross revenue of +2.7% (+€113 M) compared to 31 March 2020 breaks down into: 
 
Organic change of +5.9% (+€248 M). 
 
A currency effect of -1.5% (-€62 M), resulting from the appreciation of the euro against the US 
dollar (-€41 M) and the Brazilian real (-€7 M), partially offset by the appreciation of the Australian 
dollar (+€19 M) and the Chilean peso (+€3 M) against the euro.  
 
A scope effect of -1.7% (-€73 M). 
 
 EBITDA amounted to €768 M as at 31 March 2021, with organic growth of +17.0% and +14.3% in 
constant currencies vs. Q1 2020. The impact of exchange rates was unfavorable in the amount of -€5 M. 
The strong organic growth in EBITDA is the result of Revenue growth, with the deployment of the Group’s 
selective growth strategy, the successful implementation of its performance plan, and the ongoing mitigation 
measures put in place in response to the Covid-19 pandemic. This resulted in an increase in the EBITDA 
margin compared to Q1 2020 (+1.7 points) and Q1 2019 (+0.9 points). 
 
 These elements are also reflected in EBIT, with organic growth of +39.0% to €340 M. This amount takes 
into account the accounting impact of IFRS 5 for c.€26 M. Growth in constant currencies was +46.9%, and 
currency effects amounted to +€0.3 M for the quarter. It should be noted that the Group recorded an 
estimated impact of Covid-19 on EBITDA and EBIT of -€60 M in the first quarter of 2020. 
 
 Net debt stood at €9,783 M as at 31 March 2021, down by €619 M compared with 31 March 2020. This 
change includes both the decision to terminate the securitization program (€291m) and the capital increase 
linked to the employee shareholding plan (-€160m). The debt ratio was 3.37x EBITDA over a rolling  
12-month period, below the level as at 31 December 2020 and in line with the level as at 31 March 2020. 
 
OUTLOOK AND DIVIDEND POLICY 
 
 2021 objectives and outlook confirmed1:  
ͦ Revenues of more than €16 bn with a return to organic growth 
ͦ EBIT of €1.4 to 1.6 bn 
ͦ Recurring EPS of €0.80 to €0.85 
ͦ Recurring Free Cash Flow of more than €500 M 
 
                                                   
1 Assuming constant exchange rates as at FY 2020 and raw material prices and no recurrence of widespread regional lockdowns

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 Dividend policy  
The Group has decided to maintain the proposal for an ordinary dividend as originally intended at 0.65€ 
per share. This will subject to approval by the Annual Shareholders Meeting to be held on June 22nd. 
  
In the light of the agreement in principle reached on 11th April with Veolia, the Board has decided not to 
proceed at this stage with an additional extraordinary distribution. 
 
PERFORMANCE BY SEGMENT 
 
WATER  
IN 
MILLION 
EUROS 
31 March 2020 31 March 2021 
Change  
gross 
Change organic 
Change  
excluding FX 
Revenue 
1,609 
1,581 
-1.8% 
+0.3% 
-0.4% 
 
 The Water segment recorded revenues of €1,581 M in the first quarter of 2021, with organic growth of 
+0.3% (+€4 M). 
 
 
Europe posted organic revenue growth of +1.2% (+€10 M). The volume of water sold in France 
was up slightly, at +0.3%. It fell by -1.6% in Spain, where tourist activity continues to be impacted 
by pandemic-related restrictions. Tariff indexation for the quarter rose in average by +1.0% in 
France, and fell by -0.8% in Spain. 
 
 
The Americas region recorded an organic decline in revenues of -3.4% (-€15 M), notably in Chile 
where sales volumes of water were down by -4.8% due to the pandemic-related restrictions in place 
in this country. Tariffs are up by +0.5%. In the regulated water sector in the United States, sales 
volumes of water fell -1.2 vs. Q1 2020, largely due to less favorable weather conditions.  
 
 
The Asia-Pacific region posted strong organic revenue growth of +13.8% (+€12 M). The 
performance reflects, in particular, the increase in the volume sold in mainland China, even if the 
weak tourist sector continues to negatively impact the volume of water sold in Macao.  
 
 
The AMECAI region recorded a slight organic decline in revenues of -1.4% (-€3 M). 
 
 
RECYCLING AND RECOVERY  
IN 
MILLION 
EUROS 
31 March 2020 31 March 2021 
Change  
gross 
Change organic 
Change  
excluding FX 
Revenue 
1,838 
1,993 
+8.4% 
+11.8% 
+8.4% 
 
 The Recycling and Recovery segment recorded revenues of €1,993 M, with organic growth of +11.8% 
(+€217 M). The volume of waste processed rose by +1%. 
 
 
Europe recorded organic revenue growth of +13.7% (+€211 M). In France and continental Europe, 
performance was driven by solid pricing dynamics, an increase in the volume of waste processed and 
the positive trend in recycled raw material prices. In the United Kingdom, optimization of the

--- Page 98 ---
98 
availability and saturation of treatment capacities offset the impact of lower volumes for industrial 
and commercial customers caused by public health restrictions.  
 
 
The Asia-Pacific region recorded organic growth of +1.4% (+€4 M), largely driven by the increase 
in the volume of waste processed in Asia compared to the first quarter of 2020 and a favorable trend 
in price indices. 
 
 
The AMECAI region experienced an organic decline of -11.1% (-€3 M), while organic growth in 
the Americas region rose +45.9% (+€5 M). 
 
 
ENVIRONMENTAL TECH & SOLUTIONS 
IN 
MILLION 
EUROS 
31 March 2020 31 March 2021 
Change  
gross 
Change organic 
Change  
excluding FX 
Revenue 
827 
805 
-2.6% 
+2.2% 
+2.2% 
 
 The Environmental Tech & Solutions segment recorded, as at 31 March 2021, revenues of  
€805 M, with organic growth of +2.2% (+€18 M). This reflects the solid performance of Smart & 
Environmental Solutions (+7.0% in organic growth to €115 M), led, in particular, by the digital and 
decentralized activities in France, the environmental quality monitoring activity in Asia, and of Hazardous 
Waste (+4.0% in organic growth, to €139 M). 
The Water Technologies & Solutions division also returned to Revenue growth (+0.9% in organic growth to 
€551 M), supported by the excellent performance of the products activity. 
 
 
The Americas region recorded organic growth of +1.1% (+€4 M), supported by a dynamic quarter 
for WTS. 
 
 
Europe posted organic growth of +1.4% (+€5 M). This performance reflects both a favorable trend 
in the volume of hazardous waste processed and the dynamism of the digital and decentralized 
activities sector within SES in France.  
 
 
The Asia-Pacific region posted strong organic growth of +16.8% (+€18 M). This increase reflects 
the healthy dynamics of the environmental quality monitoring activity within SES, as well as a 
strong increase in the volume processed within the hazardous waste activity, compared to a Q1 2020 
that was impacted by industrial park closures. 
 
 
The AMECAI region recorded an organic decline of -22.1% (-€9 M). 
 
 
FINANCIAL CALENDAR (SUBJECT TO CHANGE): 
 
Annual General Meeting: 22 June 2021 
 
Detachment of the dividend2: 28 June 2021 
 
Payment of the dividend2: 30 June 2021 
 
H1 2021 results: 29 July 2021 
 
9M 2021 results: 28 October 2021 
 
The definition and calculation of the alternative performance measures (APMs) presented in this press release are published in 
full 
in 
the 
Group's 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
and 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
Group's 
website: 
https://www.suez.com/en/finance/financial-information 
 
                                                   
2 Subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders

--- Page 99 ---
99 
On 30 April 2021, Suez published the following press release: 
  
GENERAL MEETING OF JUNE 22, 2021 
AVAILABILITY OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS  
FOR THE GENERAL MEETING 
 
SUEZ’s General Meeting will be held without shareholders’ physical presence, on Tuesday June 22, 
2021 at 2:30 p.m. at Tour CB21, 16, place de l’Iris, 92040 Paris-La Défense Cedex. 
 
Indeed, at the date of this press release, administrative measures imposing restrictions or bans on movement 
and gatherings of people for public health reasons will prevent members from attending the Shareholders’ 
Meeting in person. Given these restrictions and the number of shareholders usually present at SUEZ’s 
General Meetings, which does not allow compliance with so-called "barrier" measures, holding the Meeting 
in person cannot be considered. This decision is made in accordance with article 4 of ordinance n ° 2020-321 
of March 25, 2020 published as part of the measures taken by the Government to fight against the circulation 
of the virus, as modified by ordinance n ° 2020. -1497 of December 2, 2020 and extended by decree n ° 
2021-255 of March 9, 2021. 
 
The notice of meeting serving as convocation, containing the agenda and the draft resolutions as well as the 
terms and conditions on how to attend and to vote at this General Meeting, was published in the “Bulletin des 
Annonces Légales et Obligatoires” today. 
 
The information and documents relating to the General Meeting will be made available to the shareholders in 
accordance with applicable legal and regulatory provisions and may in particular be consulted on the 
Company’s website. 
 
The General Meeting will be asked in particular to approve: 
• 
the allocation of a dividend of € 0.65 per share, with an ex-dividend date on June 28, 2021 and a 
payment date on June 30, 2021; 
• 
the ratification of cooptations of Mr. Anthony R. Coscia, Mr. Bertrand Meunier, Mr. Philippe Petitcolin 
and Mr. Jacques Richier; 
the elements of compensation paid in 2020 or awarded in 2020 to the Company’s corporate officers 
(Chairman of the Board, CEO and Directors) and their compensation policies for fiscal year 2021.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
On 14 May 2021, Suez published the following press release: 
  
Veolia and SUEZ have signed a Combination Agreement between themselves  
and a Memorandum of Understanding with Meridiam–GIP–Caisse des Dépôts/CNP Assurances for 
the acquisition of the new SUEZ 
  
  
Veolia and SUEZ announce that they have signed a Combination Agreement, confirming the terms of 
the agreement in principle to merge concluded on 11 April, following approval by their respective 
Boards of Directors. This agreement:  
• 
enables Veolia to acquire the strategic assets needed to pursue its goal of building a global 
champion in ecological transformation, while guaranteeing a coherent and sustainable 
industrial and social footprint for the new SUEZ, 
• 
reiterates the social commitments made by Veolia, 
• 
confirms that the acquisition price per share of the SUEZ Group will be raised to €20.50 (cum 
dividend). 
  
This revised Veolia offer would be recommended by the SUEZ Board of Directors before 29 June, after 
obtaining a fairness opinion from the independent expert (Finexsi) and the opinion of the Group Committee. 
 
Veolia and SUEZ welcome the offer submitted by the Consortium of investors to create the new SUEZ. 
 
A Memorandum of Understanding has been signed between SUEZ, Veolia, and the Consortium of investors 
composed of Meridiam–GIP–CDC/CNP with a view to creating a new SUEZ with revenues of nearly €7 
billion, comprising SUEZ’ Water and Recycling & Recovery businesses in France as well as international 
assets, and growth prospects and development capacities both internationally and in France. The agreement 
provides a framework for the negotiation of the final terms of the agreement to be concluded between SUEZ, 
Veolia and the Consortium on the basis of the offer submitted by the Consortium. The offer from the 
Consortium remains subject to several conditions, including notably concerning the investors’ confirmatory 
due diligence.   
 
The offer submitted by the Consortium has been studied by the Boards of Directors of Veolia and SUEZ, 
which consider it to be satisfactory in light of the objectives set out on 11 April, and, in particular, with 
regard to the governance of the new SUEZ, the reiteration of social commitments, and the alignment of the 
enterprise value with the valuation of the SUEZ Group implied by the revised price of €20.50 per share 
offered by Veolia. The Consortium is committed to the new SUEZ for the long term and will be capable of 
supporting its development and its growth.  
 
At the same time as the closing of Veolia’s public offer, GIP and Meridiam, each with a 40% stake, and the 
Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations Group (including CNP Assurances), with a 20% stake, would become 
shareholders of the new SUEZ. The Consortium’s offer also provides for an initial employee shareholding of 
3%, which could be increased to 10% of the capital within 7 years. 
 
Antoine Frérot, Chairman and CEO of Veolia, said: “This agreement represents a giant step forward for 
Veolia, for the French approach to ecological transformation, and for the preservation of the environment. I 
am very happy to welcome the SUEZ teams to be soon part of our project to build the world champion of 
ecological transformation, and very satisfied that we will also be able to assure the sound, stable, and 
sustainable development of the new SUEZ: as I promised, this is a “win-win” agreement”. 
 
Philippe Varin, Chairman of the Board of Directors of SUEZ, said: “The agreement between our two 
groups maintains France’s leading position in essential environmental services. The new SUEZ will be able 
to draw on its technological and industrial know-how to develop in the water and waste businesses, with the

--- Page 101 ---
101 
support of a robust Consortium. Veolia will benefit from the support of the teams joining from SUEZ and will 
hence pursue its project”. 
 
Bertrand Camus, CEO of SUEZ, said: “With this agreement, the New SUEZ will benefit from a robust 
industrial and technological foundation. Supported by a stable shareholder base with significant employee 
shareholding, the future Group will be in a strong position to drive international development, with solid 
investment capacity to ensure the best quality of service for our customers. This agreement is the recognition 
of the quality of all SUEZ teams, which I want to thank for their commitment and which will make it last 
within Veolia or within the future Group ”. 
  
Scheduled next steps 
The steps of the overall timetable have all been aligned to today’s agreement: 
 
- 
Following the signature of the preliminary agreement today, the SUEZ Group Committee’s 
information-consultation procedure has begun. 
 
- 
By 29 June 2021 at the latest: 
 Reasoned opinion of the SUEZ Board of Directors for the recommendation of the public tender 
offer, 
 Public offer raised to €20.50 per Veolia share (information memorandum and note in response 
filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers) 
 Submission of a binding offer by the Consortium 
  
- 
30 June 2021: SUEZ Annual General meeting  
 
- 
Following the finalization of the information-consultation process with SUEZ employees, conclusion 
of a final agreement with the Consortium for the creation of the new SUEZ  
 
- 
Subject to obtaining regulatory and competition approvals, SUEZ and Veolia have set a common 
objective of the simultaneous closing of the public offer and the sale of the new SUEZ to the 
Consortium, planned for the end of 2021. 
 
 
 
On 18 May 2021, Suez published the following press release: 
 
SUEZ has finalized the sale of OSIS, a multi-specialist in wastewater services, to Veolia 
 
 SUEZ today announced the completion of the sale to Veolia of its French subsidiary OSIS, a multi-specialist in 
wastewater services, for an enterprise value of 298 million euros, representing approximately 13 times 2019 pro forma 
adjusted EBITDA, plus a price supplement of 5 million euros. This transaction was completed after consultation with 
employee representative bodies and following approval by the competition authorities on 28 April 2021. 
 
With 2,500 employees in more than 130 local service centers, OSIS operates in a number of complementary business 
segments, including sanitation and liquid waste collection, industrial cleaning, and facility hygiene. In 2019, OSIS in 
France generated approximately 311 million euros in revenue and approximately 23 million euros in adjusted pro forma 
EBITDA.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
On 21 May 2021, Suez published the following press release: 
  
POSTPONEMENT OF THE GENERAL MEETING TO JUNE 30, 2021 
  
As announced on May 14, 2021 and in connection with the Combination Agreement signed with 
Veolia, the date of SUEZ’s General Meeting, initially scheduled for June 22, 2021 has been postponed 
to Wednesday, June 30, 2021 at 2:30 p.m.  
 
It is reminded that this General Meeting will be held without the physical presence of the shareholders at the 
Company’s head office, Tour CB21, 16, place de l'Iris, 92040 Paris-La Défense Cedex. 
 
A notice of adjournment and a notice of meeting were published in the “Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires” 
today. 
The Ordinary General Meeting of June 30, 2021 is called to deliberate on the same agenda as the one in the notice of 
meeting published in the BALO on April 30, 2021. The resolutions remain unchanged except for the third resolution 
relating to the allocation of the net income for the year ended and the determination of the dividend, for which the ex-
dividend date and payment date are set at July 6 and 8, 2021 respectively, instead of June 28 and 30, 2021.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
8 June 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the 
Notes will be offered on a continuous basis to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the 
right to issue Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be placed by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of such 
Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly 
and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in 
connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), nor with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons exemption in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable 
state securities laws. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Bearer Notes are bearer notes under U.S. tax law; which are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions, or to a 
U.S. person; except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, deliver Notes of any Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty 
(40) calendar days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche, except in accordance with Rule 903 
of Regulation S, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding 
sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. Furthermore, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that neither it, its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its or their behalf, has engaged or will engage in 
any “directed selling efforts” (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation S) with respect to the Notes and each 
of the foregoing persons has complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of 
Regulations S.  
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in compliance with 
Regulation S and U.S. tax law.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase 
the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person 
in the United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person 
outside the United States to any other person within the United States, other than those persons, if any, 
retained to advise such non-U.S. person with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the 
prior written consent of the Issuer or any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the 
United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person, is prohibited. 
European Economic Area  
If the Final Terms in respect to any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to retail investors in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Relevant State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
 
(i) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
- 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); or 
- 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
- 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
(ii) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year from the date of issue, (i) it is 
a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 as amended (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to retail investors in the United Kingdom except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 106 ---
106 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
-  
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
-  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
- 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
France 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and 
will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to, and it has only distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to, qualified investors as defined in Article 
2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France and it has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes.  
Belgium 
In the case of Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months that qualify as money market instruments, this 
Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for approval to the Belgian 
Financial Services and Markets Authority (the “Belgian FSMA”). Accordingly, no action will be taken and 
the Dealers have represented and agreed that it shall refrain from taking any action that would require the 
publication of a prospectus pursuant to the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offering of investment 
instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market (the 
“Belgian Prospectus Law”).

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Materialised Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or 
other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 
14 December 2005.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will 
not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (the Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and shall not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others 
for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the 
FIEA and other relevant laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan.  
Hong Kong  
This Base Prospectus has not been, and the applicable Final Terms will not be, approved by or registered 
with the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” within the meaning of the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to professional investors as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a prospectus as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
People’s Republic of China (PRC) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, the offer of the Notes is not an offer of securities within the 
meaning of the securities laws of the PRC or other pertinent laws and regulations of the PRC and the Notes

--- Page 108 ---
108 
have not been offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such 
purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as 
permitted by the securities laws of the PRC. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused 
such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such 
Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the 
SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
(c) 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall 
not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulation 2018.  
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are “prescribed 
capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Save as stated herein, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to retail 
investors of any of the Notes. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time 
lawfully be resold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such resale. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief after making reasonable enquiries) comply with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final 
Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under 
the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and none 
of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France and the United States. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
  
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to 
reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, as determined by the manufacturer(s), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]1 
2[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), as determined by the manufacturer(s), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(“MiFID II”)]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as 
amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
                                                   
1  
To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 
2  
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
3  
To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 111 ---
111 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (THE “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations”), 
the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products]/[ capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations) and 
[are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 6 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – Notes issued under the Programme are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, “consumers” (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law 
(Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
 
SUEZ 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300JQIZM6CL7POC81 
(the “Issuer”) 
                                                   
4 
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 9(v) of Part B 
below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 9(v) of Part B below. 
5  
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 9(vi) of Part B 
below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to UK retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 9(vi) of Part B below. 
6 
 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Under the 
Euro 12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
SERIES NO: [] 
TRANCHE NO: [] 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2021 which received approval no. 21-213 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) on 8 June 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] 7 which 
received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the 
information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer’s website (www.suez.com). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) which are the 20[●] EMTN Conditions. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] which received approval no. [●] 
from the AMF on [●] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received approval no. [●] 
from the AMF on [●], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in order to obtain all relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are the 20[●] 
EMTN Conditions. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is]/[are] available for 
viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the Issuer’s website (www.suez.com).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
 
                                                   
7  
Delete if no supplement is published.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
1. Issuer: 
SUEZ 
2. (i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the existing 
[insert description of the Series] issued by the Issuer on 
[insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the date of 
assimilation which is expected to be on or about forty 
(40) 
calendar 
days 
after 
the 
Issue 
Date 
(the 
“Assimilation Date”).] 
3. Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only if applicable)]  
6. Specified Denominations: 
[] 8  (one denomination only for the Dematerialised 
Notes) 
7. (i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date 
[] [Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
9. Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/CMS Spread] +/– [] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Notes] 
                                                   
8  
Section 6: Add the following language if the programme allows for issues of securities with a maturity of less than one (1) year and the 
issuer is not an authorised person permitted to accept deposits or an exempt person under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000. Delete square-bracketed text for issuers incorporated in the UK or within S 418 FSMA. The issue of securities with a maturity of 
less than one (1) year by such issuers, where the issue proceeds are to be accepted in the United Kingdom, or, in the case of issuers 
incorporated in the UK or within S 418 FSMA, will be subject to S 19 FSMA unless their denomination is £100,000 or more (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and they are only issued to “professionals” within Article 9(2)(a) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
(Regulated Activities) Order 2001: 
 
Notes [(including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of S 19 FSMA and] which have a maturity of less than one (1) year must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
 
Add appropriate provisions to terms and conditions if included.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Inflation linked interest] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [] per cent. of their nominal amount.] / [As 
provided below for Inflation Linked Notes as the case 
may be]  
11. Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/ [Applicable]  
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs where applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
[Put Option in case of Change of Control] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated 
 
(ii) 
[Date of corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively]] 
 
 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [the 
Business Day Convention specified below 9] [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]/not 
adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]10: 
[] per [] in nominal amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[]] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 
/ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360(ISDA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a 
long or short first or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(vii) 
[Business Day Convention11 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention]] 
 
(viii) 
[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating Interest Amounts (if 
not the Calculation Agent)12 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[], in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) 
[] 
                                                   
9  
RMB Notes only. 
10  
Not applicable for RMB Notes. 
11  
RMB Notes only. 
12  
RMB Notes only.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
(Condition 5(a)): 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[[] specify/Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/see CMS combination formula 
below] 
 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day of each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
− 
CMS 
combination 
formula: 
[m × CMS Rate [specify maturity] [+/-/×] n × CMS Rate 
[specify maturity]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
m: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(only applicable in the case of CMS combination 
formula) 
 
− 
n: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(only applicable in the case of CMS combination 
formula) 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
− 
Specified Time: 
[] 
 
− 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
 
− 
Reference Bank 
[[] specify four/Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
− 
Floating Rate 
Determination Date 
[●]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
 
 
(N.B. the fall-back provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Recueil de Taux – Additifs 
Techniques FBF are reliant upon the provisions by 
reference banks of offered quotations for EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time) 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii) (B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(N.B. the fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provisions by reference banks of offered 
quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant 
time) 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum / [Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0.00 per cent.] / [[] per cent. per annum (such rate to 
be higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum / [Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
16. Zero Coupon Notes provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield 
(Condition 6(f)(i)): 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
17. Inflation Linked Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/US CPI] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the interest due 
(if not the Calculation Agent):  
[] 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] 
(vi) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/ US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: []) 
(vii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s) 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0.00 per cent.] / [[] per cent. per annum (such rate to 
be higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual – ISDA 
/ Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360(ISDA)] 
(xii) 
[Reference month: 
[]] 
(xiii) 
[Spread: 
[]] 
(xiv) 
[Multiplier: 
[]] 
(xv) 
[Change in the US CPI: 
[]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination]13 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(A) 
Minimum nominal 
amount to be redeemed: 
[] 
 
(B) 
Maximum nominal 
amount to be redeemed: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period:14 
[] 
19. Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice period15:  
[] 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[] 
(iii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[] 
(iv) 
Similar Security: 
[] 
(v) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] 
(vi) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest 
due 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
20. Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[●] per cent. 
21. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
                                                   
13  
Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
14  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
15  
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination]16 
(iii) 
Notice period17: 
[] 
22. Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination] /[As 
provided below for Inflation Linked Notes as the case 
may be] 
 
 
24. Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption Amount 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/US CPI] 
 
 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount in 
respect 
of 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Condition 6(e) applies] 
 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●])  
 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
25. Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each 
Note 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(g)), for illegality 
(Condition 6(k)), on event of 
default (Condition 9) [or under 
the clean-up call (Condition 
6(i))]: 
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
permitted on days others than 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates 
(Condition 6(g)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become 
void upon early redemption 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
                                                   
16  
Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes. 
17  
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
(Materialised Bearer Notes only) 
(Condition 7(f)): 
26. Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/ US CPI] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount in 
respect 
of 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Condition 6(f)(ii) applies]  
 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/ US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(b) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form and may only be issued 
outside France). 
 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur)/administered registered dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif 
administré)/fully 
registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name 
and details] (note that a registration agent must be 
appointed in relation to fully registered dematerialised 
Notes only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [] 
(the “Exchange Date”), being forty (40) calendar days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as specified 
in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to 
Materialised Notes)

--- Page 122 ---
122 
28. Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details.] (Note that this item relates 
to the date and place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which items 15(ii), 16(iii) and 18(vii) 
relates) 
29. Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
30. Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
31. [Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification information of Noteholders 
as provided by Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request identification 
information of the Noteholders as provided by Condition 
1(a)(i) is contemplated, delete this paragraph)] 
32. [Exclusion of the possibility of holding 
and 
reselling 
purchased 
Notes 
in 
accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations (Condition 6(h)): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility of holding and reselling 
purchased Notes in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations in accordance with Condition 6(h) is 
contemplated, delete this paragraph)] 
33. Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] 
apply] 
34. [Payment in Euro Equivalent instead of 
U.S. Dollar Equivalent in the case 
contemplated in Condition 7(i) for RMB 
Notes] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[] has been extracted 
from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 ................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 123 ---
123 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext 
Paris/other 
(specify)/None] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [] with effect from [].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.) 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are 
already admitted to trading on [●] as from [its/their 
respective] issue date.] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
Ratings 
Ratings: 
[The Notes have not been rated] / [The Notes to be 
issued [are expected to be ] / [have been] rated: 
 
[Moody’s: []] 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [Moody's] is established in 
the European Union and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended, 
although the result of such applications has not been 
determined.] 
[[Each of [●], [●] and] [Moody's] is established in 
the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website

--- Page 124 ---
124 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
[[●], [●] and] [Moody's] [is/are] not established in 
the European Union and [has/have] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended [(the “CRA Regulation”), but is endorsed 
by [insert credit rating agency's name] which is 
established in the European Union, registered under 
the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk)].]. 
 
 
 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for the fees of 
[insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
4. 
Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] 
 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will need 
to include those reasons here.)] 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - Performance of Rates 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/CMS Rate] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from 
[Reuters / give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
[As at [●], [●] appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
the United Kingdom.]].] 
 
7. 
[Inflation Linked Notes only – Performance of Index and Other Information Concerning 
the Underlying  
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [●] 
(ii) 
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained, 
[but not free of charge], from: [●]/ [give details of electronic means of obtaining the details 
of volatility and performance].: [●] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information].] 
8. 
Operational Information 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
 
(a) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(b) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream: 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
France, 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, SA and the relevant 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
identification number(s): 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into Euro at the 
rate of [] producing a sum of: 
[] 
9. 
Distribution 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names of Managers] 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Category 2 restrictions apply to the Notes 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]  
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. For 
the purpose of the above, a “packaged” product 
shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” 
which 
means 
in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 
an investment, where, regardless of the legal form of 
the investment, the amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance of 
one or more assets which are not directly purchased 
by the retail investor.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]  
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. For 
the purpose of the above, a “packaged” product 
shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” 
which 
means 
in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA, an investment, where, regardless of the legal

--- Page 127 ---
127 
form of the investment, the amount repayable to the 
retail investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance of 
one or more assets which are not directly purchased 
by the retail investor.)

--- Page 128 ---
128 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent 
authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer 
or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 8 June 2022 provided 
that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and 
the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. Application will be made in certain 
circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and application may be made for the 
listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in 
the Republic of France in connection with the establishment of the Programme. 
Any issue of Notes under the Programme will be authorised by a resolution of its Conseil 
d’administration which may delegate its powers within one (1) year from the date of such 
authorisation to any person of its choice. For this purpose, the Conseil d’administration of the Issuer, 
on 27 October 2020, delegated its powers to issue up to €1,500,000,000 of notes to the Directeur 
Général and to the Directeur Général Adjoint du Groupe en charge des Finances for a period of one 
(1) year as from 1 January 2021. 
(3) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, and the information incorporated by reference herein 
including with respect to the takeover bid of VEOLIA ENVIRONNEMENT may have, there has 
been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 
2020. 
(4) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, and the information incorporated by reference herein 
including with respect to the takeover bid of VEOLIA ENVIRONNEMENT may have, there has 
been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 March 2021. 
(5) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date of approval of this 
Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Issuer's or 
the Group's financial position or profitability. 
(6) 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream. The appropriate 
common code and the International Securities Identification Number, in relation to the Notes of each 
Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify 
any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any 
further appropriate information.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42 avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary). The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris. 
(7) 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of 
the Programme”) of Notes, the Dealer or the Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) 
(the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(8) 
Mazars and Ernst & Young et Autres have rendered an audit report on the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
dated 25 February 2021 and 26 February 2020, respectively. 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are Mazars and Ernst & Young et Autres. Mazars and Ernst & 
Young et Autres are members of the professional body compagnie des commissaires aux comptes de 
Versailles et du Centre. 
(9) 
Each Temporary Global Certificate will bear the following legend: “THIS TEMPORARY GLOBAL 
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”). NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE 
NOR ANY PORTION HEREOF MAY BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON UNLESS AN 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS 
AVAILABLE.” 
(10) 
Each Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon issued in compliance with the D Rules will bear 
the following legend: “ANY U.S. PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS NOTE WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE U.S. INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
(11) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue 
Date (as defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
(12) 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
“benchmarks” for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be 
included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the 
“benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (the “ESMA Benchmarks Register”). In particular, EURIBOR is provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI 
appears on the ESMA Benchmarks Register.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
(13) 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is: 549300JQIZM6CL7POC81. 
(14) 
The website of the Issuer is www.suez.com. The information on such website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
SUEZ 
Tour CB21 
16, place de l’Iris 
92040 Paris La Défense 
France 
 
 
 
 
on 8 June 2021 
Duly represented by: 
Julian Waldron, Senior Executive VP Group in charge of Finance, authorised signatory pursuant to a 
decision of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer dated 27 October 2020 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 8 June 2021 and is valid until 8 June 2022 and shall, within this 
period and pursuant to the conditions set by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. 
The Base Prospectus has the following approval number: 21-213.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Issuer 
SUEZ 
Tour CB21 
16, place de l’Iris 
92040 Paris La Défense 
France 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr, 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Dealers  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Sauceda 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue de la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Pintor Sorolla 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain  
Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence, 
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France  
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr, 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnix 24 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium  
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center,  
Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
Netherlands 
Mizuho Securities Europe 
GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) 
GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets 
Europe GmbH 
Main Tower, 18th Floor 
Neue Mainzer Str. 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent  
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Paying Agent and Registration Agent 
Société Générale 
Société Générale Securities Services 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 3 
Auditors 
Mazars 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
Tour Exaltis 
1/2, place des Saisons 
61, rue Henri Régnault 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris-La Défense 1 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
As to French law 
As to French law 
White & Case LLP 
Allen & Overy LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
52, avenue Hoche 
75001 Paris 
CS 90005 
France 
75379 Paris Cedex 08 
 
France