--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
12 September 2022 
 
 
The Mortgage Society of Finland 
 
as Issuer 
Programme for the Issuance of Senior Preferred Notes, Subordinated Debentures and Covered Bonds 
2,500,000,000 euros 
Under this 2,500,000,000 euros note issuance programme (the “Programme”), The Mortgage Society of Finland (hereinafter “Hypo” or the 
“Issuer”) may from time to time issue senior preferred and unsecured notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”), subordinated debentures 
(“Subordinated Debentures”), covered bonds under the Finnish Cover Bond Act (Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 
151/2022, as amended) (the “CBA”) (“Covered Bonds”) and, subject to fulfilment of the specific requirements set in the CBA, issue further 
covered bonds under the repealed Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta, 688/2010, as 
amended) (the “MCBA”) (“MCBA Covered Bonds”) having the same terms and conditions ((or in respects except for the first payment of 
interest on them, the issue price and/or the minimum subscription amount thereof) as the covered bonds issued under the Issuer’s previous base 
prospectuses and the related general terms and conditions, denominated mainly in euro (the Senior Preferred Notes, the Subordinated 
Debentures, the Covered Bonds and the MCBA Covered Bonds together the “Notes”). The Subordinated Debentures constitute debentures in 
accordance with Section 34 Subsection 2 of the Finnish Promissory Notes Act (Velkakirjalaki 622/1947, as amended). The Notes are issued as 
serial bonds (in Finnish: sarjalaina) (each a “Series of Notes”). The Notes will be subject to a minimum maturity of one (1) year and a 
minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 per Note. However, the term of the Subordinated Debentures is at least five years. The Programme 
provides that Notes may be listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (the “Helsinki Stock Exchange”) as 
specified in the final terms of the relevant tranche of Notes (the “Tranche of Notes”) (the “Final Terms”). The Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Notes. 
This Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) should be read and construed together with any supplement hereto and with any other documents 
incorporated by reference herein, and, in relation to any Series of Notes and with the Final Terms of the relevant Tranche of Notes. See 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Besides filing this Base Prospectus with the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the “FIN-FSA”), neither the Issuer nor the Arranger (as 
defined below), have taken any action, nor will they take any action, to render the public offer of the Notes or their possession, or the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any other documents relating to the Notes admissible in any other jurisdiction than Finland requiring special measures 
to be taken for the purpose of a public offer. 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has long- and short-term issuer credit ratings ‘BBB/A-2’ by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited, a division of S&P Global (“S&P”). At the date of this Base Prospectus, Covered Bonds and MCBA Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme are rated ‘AAA’ by S&P. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. Neither this Base Prospectus nor the Final Terms are to be distributed to the 
United States or in or to any other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful. The Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, 
directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (the “Regulation S”), except to a person who is not a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S) in an offshore transaction pursuant to 
Regulation S. 
Investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should carefully acquaint themselves 
with such risks before making a decision to invest in the Notes. The principal risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
Arranger

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, the terms “Hypo” and the “Issuer” refer to The Mortgage Society of Finland and the term “Hypo Group” refers to 
Hypo and its consolidated subsidiaries. In this Base Prospectus, the term “Arranger” refers to Nordea Bank Abp in its capacity as the arranger 
of the Programme and the term Lead Manager(s) refers to any bank acting as arranger in a Series of Notes. Further, the term “Noteholder” 
refers to an investor that has made an investment in the Notes under the Programme and the term “holder of a Covered Bond” refers to an 
investor that has made an investment in the Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
The Arranger is acting exclusively for Hypo as an arranger of the Programme and will not be responsible to anyone other than Hypo for 
providing the protections afforded to their respective clients nor giving investment or other advice in relation to the Programme or the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended), the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 (as amended), the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as amended) (annexes 7 and 15), 
the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012, as amended) (the “Finnish Securities Markets Act”) and the 
regulations and guidelines of the FIN-FSA and the European Securities and Markets Authority. The FIN-FSA, which is the competent authority 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in Finland, has approved this Base Prospectus on 12 September 2022 (journal number 
FIVA/2022/1071). The FIN-FSA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation, but assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the information contained herein. Such 
approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the qualities of the Notes issued under this Base Prospectus.  
Hypo does not undertake to supplement this Base Prospectus on a periodic basis (for example, following the announcement of each quarterly 
interim report by Hypo). However, Hypo will supplement this Base Prospectus when required in accordance with the mandatory provisions of 
the Prospectus Regulation. Otherwise, neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale nor delivery made hereunder shall create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Hypo since the date of this Base Prospectus or that the information herein is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus. The Arranger expressly does not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of Hypo during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to its attention. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by Hypo, the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme, the Final Terms or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. In making an investment decision, each investor should rely on their examination, analysis and enquiry of Hypo and the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Tranche of Notes, including the risks and merits involved. Neither Hypo, the Arranger, the Lead Manager(s) 
nor any of their respective affiliated parties nor representatives, is making any representation to any offeree or subscriber of the Notes regarding 
the legality of the investment by such person. Investors should make their independent assessment of the legal, tax, business, financial and 
other consequences of an investment in the Notes. Investors should also make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Issuer’s securities. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Lead Manager(s) have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and neither the Arranger nor the Lead Manager(s) accept any responsibility or liability in 
relation to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by Hypo in connection with the Programme, the Final Terms or the Notes. Notwithstanding the responsibilities and liabilities, if any, which 
may be imposed on the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) by Finnish laws or under the regulatory regime of any other jurisdiction where 
exclusion of liability under the relevant regulatory regime would be illegal, void or unenforceable, the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) does 
not accept any responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any statement made or purported to be made by it, or 
on its behalf, regarding Hypo, the Final Terms and the Notes. The Arranger and the Lead Manager(s) accordingly disclaim any and all liability 
whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise (save as referred to above) which they might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus 
or any such statement. 
No person is or has been authorised by Hypo to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this 
Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme, the Final Terms or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by Hypo, the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s). Nothing 
contained in this Base Prospectus is, or shall be relied upon, as a promise or representation by Hypo, the Arranger or the Lead Manager(s) as 
to the future. Investors are advised to inform themselves of any stock exchange release published by Hypo. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English only. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of 
Hypo and the terms and conditions of the Notes, including the merits and risks involved. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by law, and this Base Prospectus may not be used for the 
purpose of, or in connection with, any offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. No actions have been taken to register or qualify the Notes, or otherwise 
to permit a public offering of the Notes, in any jurisdiction outside of Finland. Hypo, the Arranger and the Lead Manager(s) expects persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes to inform themselves of and observe all such restrictions. Neither Hypo, the Arranger nor 
the Lead Manager(s) accepts any legal responsibility for any violation by any person, whether or not a prospective purchaser of the Notes is 
aware of such restrictions. In particular, this Base Prospectus may not be sent to any person in the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, 
Hong Kong, Singapore, South Africa or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be permissible to deliver the Notes and the Notes may not 
be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into any of these countries. The Notes are governed by Finnish law 
and any disputes arising in relation to the Notes shall be settled exclusively by Finnish courts in accordance with Finnish law.

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
CONTENTS 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................................ 8 
GENERAL INFORMATION ...................................................................................................................................... 28 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 29 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................................... 50 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................................... 57 
FINNISH COVERED BOND ACT ............................................................................................................................. 58 
FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANK ACTIVITY ................................................................................ 64 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT ............................................................................................................................. 69 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL ............................................................................................ 74 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS .......................................................... 75 
OTHER INFORMATION TO SUBSCRIBERS .......................................................................................................... 76 
TAXATION IN FINLAND .......................................................................................................................................... 79 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................... 81 
AVAILABLE DOCUMENTS ..................................................................................................................................... 87 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 88 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS .......................................................................................................................... 89

--- Page 4 ---
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes and the applicable 
Final Terms.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
This general description of the Programme must be read together with the other information included in this Base 
Prospectus.  
Issuer:  
The Mortgage Society of Finland 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors” and 
include risks relating to general economic conditions and 
circumstances in the financial market and business, credit, 
liquidity, operational and market risks affecting the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries. In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under “Risk Factors” and include certain 
risks relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes 
(including certain risks specific to Covered Bonds and/or 
MCBA Covered Bonds), certain market risks and risks 
relating to the illiquidity of the Notes. 
Arranger of the Programme: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Lead Manager(s) of Series of Notes and possible other 
subscription places: 
Defined in Final Terms of Series of Notes. 
Issuer Agent and Paying Agent: 
Defined in Final Terms of Series of Notes. 
Maximum amount of the Programme: 
2,500,000,000 euros. 
The Issuer may increase the maximum amount. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed outside the United States to, or for 
the account or benefit of, persons other than U.S. Persons (as 
such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act 1933, as amended) by way of private placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Final Terms: 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be the General Terms and Conditions combined with the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes are issued in book-entry form in the book-entry 
system of Euroclear Finland, in accordance with the Act on 
the Book-Entry System and Clearing and Settlement (Laki

--- Page 5 ---
2 
arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017, 
as amended) and other Finnish legislation governing book-
entry system and book-entry accounts. 
Note currencies: 
Euro or such other currency or currencies as may be 
separately resolved by the Issuer upon each issuance of the 
Notes under the Programme.  
Nominal value 
The denomination of each book-entry unit is at least EUR 
100,000. Subject thereto, the Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Priority of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unguaranteed, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer that rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) at least pari passu with all other present or 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. 
If any Notes are issued as Senior Preferred Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether the Notes 
are Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes (the “Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes”). The Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes are intended to be “eligible liabilities” 
which are available to count towards the minimum 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable 
to the Issuer referred to in the Directive (EU) 2014/59 (as 
amended) (“BRRD”) and the Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (as 
amended) (“CRR”).  
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-
off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in 
respect of any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note. 
Priority of the Covered Bonds under the CBA: 
The Covered Bonds will be governed by the CBA and will 
therefore benefit from the Cover Asset Pool. The Covered 
Bonds rank pari passu among themselves and with all other 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of mortgage-backed notes 
governed by the CBA (including pursuant to chapters 4 and 
9 of the CBA) as well as all Derivative Transactions entered 
into the Register. In calculating the total value of the Cover 
Asset Pool, the following limitations apply: 
1) at most 80 per cent of the underlying value of the 
shares or the real estate securing each Housing 
Loan; and 
2) the principal of the Substitute Collateral.  
In respect of the priority of the holders of the Covered Bonds, 
as at the date of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
of the properties or the shares in the property owning 
companies which stand as collateral for such Housing Loans, 
these types of assets have a full collateral value despite their

--- Page 6 ---
3 
calculated collateral value being at most 80 per cent. To the 
extent that claims of the Noteholders in relation to the 
Covered Bonds are not fully met out of the assets of the 
Issuer that are governed by the CBA, the residual claims of 
the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with the 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
See also “Finnish Covered Bond Act”. 
Priority of MCBA Covered Bonds under the Finnish Act on 
Mortgage 
Credit 
Bank 
Activity 
(Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 
688/2010) 
(the 
“MCBA”): 
The MCBA Covered Bonds benefit from the cover asset pool 
under the MCBA. The MCBA Covered Bonds rank pari 
passu among themselves and with all other obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of mortgage-backed notes covered in 
accordance with the MCBA (including pursuant to sections 
25 and 26 of the MCBA) as well as all Derivative 
Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered into 
the Register. In calculating the total value of the cover asset 
pool under the MCBA, the following limitations apply: 
3) at most 70 per cent of the underlying value of the 
shares or the real estate securing each Housing 
Loan; and 
4) the principal of the Substitute Collateral.  
In respect of the priority of the holders of the MCBA 
Covered Bonds, under Section 25 of the MCBA, the priority 
is limited among other things to 70 per cent in respect of 
Housing Loans of the current value, as at the date of the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, of the properties or 
the shares in the property owning companies which stand as 
collateral for such Housing Loans. To the extent that claims 
of the Noteholders in relation to the MCBA Covered Bonds 
are not fully met out of the assets of the Issuer that are 
covered in accordance with the MCBA, the residual claims 
of the holders of MCBA Covered Bonds will rank pari passu 
with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer.  
The MCBA Covered Bonds can be issued as subsequent 
issues under the same terms and conditions incorporated in 
the previous Base Prospectuses. See section “Information 
Incorporated by Reference”. 
See also “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity”. 
Priority of the Subordinated Debentures: 
The 
Subordinated 
Debentures 
constitute 
direct, 
unguaranteed, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. In the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
the rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders to payments 
of the outstanding principal amount and any other amounts 
in respect of the Subordinated Debentures (including any 
accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages awarded for

--- Page 7 ---
4 
breach of any obligations under these General Terms and 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall:  
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all senior 
creditors of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all other 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer which in each case by 
law rank, or by their terms, are expressed to rank pari passu 
with the Subordinated Debentures; and 
(iii) 
rank senior to any share capital and any 
obligations of the Issuer ranking, or expressed to rank, junior 
to the Subordinated Debentures of the Issuer, 
subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Finnish law, 
including but not limited to the Finnish implementation of 
Article 48(7) of the BRRD in item 6 of Chapter 1, Section 
4a, Subsection 1 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions 
(Laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014, as amended) to the 
effect that claims resulting from items qualifying (whether in 
whole or in part) as own funds of the Issuer have lower 
priority ranking than any claim that results from an item 
which does not qualify (whether in whole or in part) as own 
funds of the Issuer. 
The Subordinated Debentures are intended to be “tier 2 
instruments” referred to in Article 63 of CRR, which are 
available to count towards the capital requirements 
applicable to the Issuer provided that the requirements set out 
in the CRR are fulfilled. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-
off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in 
respect of any Subordinated Debenture. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
An Extended Final Maturity Date may apply to a Series of 
Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, it enables the Issuer, at the latest on 
the fifth (5th) Business Day before the Maturity Date, to 
apply for the approval of the FIN-FSA that the Maturity Date 
of the Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these 
General Terms and Conditions should be extended by the 
FIN-FSA up to but no later than the Extended Final Maturity 
Date due to the reason that (i) the Issuer is unable to obtain 
long-term financing from ordinary sources, (ii) the Issuer is 
unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the CBA 
if it makes payments towards the principal and interest of the 
maturing Covered Bonds and that the extension of maturity 
of the Covered Bonds does not affect the sequence in which

--- Page 8 ---
5 
the Issuer’s Covered Bonds from the same Cover Asset Pool 
are maturing. In the event of a bankruptcy or liquidation of 
the Issuer, the bankruptcy administrator and the liquidator in 
the liquidation have, pursuant to the CBA, at the request or 
with the consent of the administrator, the right to apply for 
the approval of the FIN-FSA to extend the Maturity Date up 
to but no later than the Extended Final Maturity Date.  
If the FIN-FSA determines that the conditions for extension 
of the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds have been 
fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, its 
resolution shall confirm the extended Maturity Date of the 
Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered Bonds 
will then be due and repayable for the purposes of these 
General Terms and Conditions, provided that the maturity of 
any Covered Bond may not be extended beyond the date 
falling twelve (12) months after the Maturity Date. In that 
event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date 
up to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date. 
Green Bonds:  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may 
provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the 
proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for 
financing or re-financing housing company mortgages used 
for investments that promote climate-friendly housing 
solutions, such as increased energy efficiency investments in 
commercial and residential buildings (“Green Mortgage 
Projects” and thereto related Notes, “Green Bonds”). At the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not published any 
framework, such as a green bond framework, in relation to 
the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds. 
Listing: 
The Notes may be applied for listing on the Helsinki Stock 
Exchange. Also unlisted Notes may be issued.  
Term of the Notes:  
A minimum of one (1) year. 
Interest:  
 
Fixed interest or floating interest tied to a reference interest 
rate. Notes may also be issued as zero-coupon notes which 
will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest. Notes may also be issued as reset 
notes. 
 
Use of Benchmark 
 
Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference 
to EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR or CIBOR to the extent 
floating rate interest is applicable according to the Final 
Terms.  
 
EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets 
Institute (the “EMMI”). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the EMMI has been authorised as a regulated 
benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of

--- Page 9 ---
6 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
(the 
“Benchmarks 
Regulation”, the “BMR”) and appears on the public register 
of administrators established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
 
CIBOR is provided by Danish Financial Benchmark Facility 
(“DFB”). At the date of this Base Prospectus, DFB appears 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
BMR. 
 
NIBOR is provided by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS 
(“NFR”). At the date of this Base Prospectus, NFR appears 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of BMR. 
 
STIBOR is provided by Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (“SFB”). At the date of this Base Prospectus, SFB 
does not appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, SFB has applied for administrator rights. 
 
Redemption: 
The nominal amount of the Notes. 
Early redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes may not be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer upon giving notice to the Noteholders on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price 
or prices and on such other terms as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In addition, the Subordinated Debentures and Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may be redeemed before 
their stated Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer to the 
extent specified in Conditions 4.4 (Early Redemption of 
Subordinated Debentures as a result of a Capital Event), 4.5 
(Early Redemption of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event) and 4.6 
(Early Redemption of Subordinated Debentures or Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes as a result of a Tax Event), 
as applicable. Any such redemption is subject (to the extent 
applicable) to the conditions set out in Condition 4.7 
(Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase) which 
conditions include the approval of the relevant supervisory 
authority. 
Applicable law: 
 
 
Finnish law. 
Authorisation: 
 
The Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 1 September 2022.

--- Page 10 ---
7 
Credit rating: 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has long- 
and short-term issuer credit ratings ‘BBB/A-2’ (S&P). The 
outlook is stable. A Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated.  
The Covered Bonds and MCBA Covered Bonds are rated 
‘AAA’ (S&P). The outlook is stable. 
The Issuer is committed to use commercially reasonably 
efforts to remove or replace its bank account counterparty, if 
such unrelated counterparty’s long-term issuer credit rating 
from S&P (as defined in S&P’s Counterparty Risk 
Framework: Methodology and Assumptions, published 
March 8, 2019) is downgraded to below ‘BBB’, with a 
higher-rated unrelated counterparty within 90 calendar days. 
There is no guarantee that the rating of the Issuer assigned 
by S&P will be maintained following the date of this Base 
Prospectus or that a rating of the Covered Bonds or any 
Series of Notes is obtained or maintained, and the Issuer may 
seek to obtain ratings from other rating agencies. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy or sell or hold Notes 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. Up-to-date 
information should always be sought by direct reference to 
the relevant rating agency.

--- Page 11 ---
8 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer 
may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. Prior to investing in the 
Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the 
business of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below.  
Set forth below are risk factors that the Issuer believes are the principal risks involved in an investment in the Notes. 
However, additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it 
currently deems immaterial, may also individually or cumulatively have a material adverse effect on the business, 
prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the 
Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether 
an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal 
circumstances. All investors should make their own evaluations of the risks associated with an investment in the Notes 
and consult with their own professional advisers, if they consider it necessary. 
The risk factors are presented below in the following seven categories:  
A. Risks related to Current Macroeconomic Conditions; 
B. Risks related to Housing and Residential Property Markets in Finland; 
C. Risks related to Hypo Group and its business; 
D. Risks related to Financial Position and Financing as well as Regulation risks; 
E. Risks related to the Notes; 
F. Risks related to the Subordinated Debentures and/or Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes; and 
G. Risks related to the Covered Bonds and MCBA Covered Bonds. 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation of the criteria 
set out in the Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk factors are presented after 
the first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative probability or the potential impact of 
their materialisation. The order of the risk categories does not represent any evaluation of the materiality of the risk 
factors within that category, when compared to the risk factors in another category. 
Capitalised words and expressions in this section shall have the respective meaning defined in the terms and conditions 
of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”). 
A. Risks related to Current Macroeconomic Conditions 
The war in Ukraine and the consequent sanctions imposed on Russia make the global economic and financial market 
conditions more unpredictable and may adversely affect Hypo Group’s business and operations 
Hypo Group’s performance is significantly influenced by domestic and global macroeconomic circumstances and 
development. Relevant macroeconomic factors to Hypo Group are, without limitation, housing market development 
especially in domestic growth centres, domestic unemployment ratio, development of interest rates, development of 
households’ disposable income and development of global and domestic economic and financial markets. 
The war in Ukraine and the increasing tensions between Russia and Belarus on one hand and the members of the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and the western countries on the other hand have caused and may also continue to 
cause disruptions to the global economy, financial markets, and Hypo Group’s business environment, particularly, if even 
stricter sanctions and/or trade restrictions are imposed by the western countries and/or Russia, or, if the conflict escalates 
or expands to other countries or regions. As of May 2022, Finland is, together with Sweden, in the application process 
for full NATO membership. The application process may last months or even years and this causes uncertain times for 
Finnish foreign politics. It is not yet known how NATO membership will affect Finland’s bilateral relations with Russia 
and whether a change in foreign policy will make prospective investors more wary of investing in Finnish assets. The 
uncertainty relating to the financial markets may create economic and financial disruptions and even a financial crisis. As 
the state debt levels remain high and continue to increase in some countries, including Finland, it is possible that the

--- Page 12 ---
9 
global economy will fall back into a recession, which could be deeper and last longer than the one experienced in 2008 
and 2009. 
Due to its geographical location and significant trade with Russia in recent decades, the Finnish economy is likely to be 
affected more by Russia’s illegal and unprovoked invasion of Ukraine and its consequences than the global and/or 
European economy. The economic effects on Finland are manifold and probably significantly greater than what could be 
inferred from the contraction in Russian trade directly on the basis of trade weight. Energy and commodity prices have 
risen sharply which accelerates inflation, and confidence among economists is weakening as uncertainty increases. 
Consumption and investment are suffering from both rising prices and growing uncertainty. The freezing of Russian trade 
due to both sanctions and the voluntary withdrawal of companies from the Russian market will weaken export growth. 
As a result of Russia’s illegal and unprovoked invasion of Ukraine, sanctions and countersanctions, the availability of 
many raw materials and industrial inputs is declining, exacerbating bottlenecks in global production chains already present 
during the Coronavirus pandemic (the “Covid-19”) that erupted in March 2020. Output bottlenecks will further accelerate 
inflation. Hypo’s business has not so far been highly affected by the situation. These factors may, however, cause negative 
effects to Hypo’s clients and may, therefore, also cause negative effects on Hypo’s business and operations. 
Uncertain global economic and financial market conditions caused by the Covid-19 and the spread of its new variants 
can adversely affect Hypo Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources 
The Covid-19 still affects the general economic and financial situation, the banking sector in its entirety and Hypo Group 
and its customers. High vaccination rates in Finland and loosening restrictions have helped the Finnish economy to 
recover. Economic growth has continued strong in 2021 and broad-based although risks of targeted measures to fight the 
pandemic are still relevant. Especially, new Covid-19 variants have caused fluctuations in the European equity markets 
in 2021, which might also have an adverse impact on the world economy in 2022. Negative news about the spread of new 
Covid-19 variants could significantly increase uncertainty in the economic and financial markets. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the global situation is still uncertain, and the spread of new variants and the imposing of new restrictions 
cannot be ruled out. The spread of new Covid-19 variants and the preparation for them, as well as the related restrictive 
measures may have a material adverse effect on the business of the Issuer. The changes in the economic cycle and 
operating environment described above may have a material adverse effect on Hypo Group’s business, its financial 
condition and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. However, according to the 
management of Hypo Group, the material effect of the Covid-19 on Hypo Group has not been significant. 
Increased uncertainty and potential negative growth in economies and financial markets may reduce demand for 
residential lending. The Issuer offers mortgages as well as renovation loans and consumer loans, both secured by 
residential property collateral. Deterioration in the general economic situation due to the war in Ukraine, the Covid-19 
and the spread of its new variants, high unemployment and financial uncertainty may increase defaults, credit losses and 
impairments and may adversely affect the housing loan demand, which may adversely affect the Issuer's results and 
increase the Issuer's financing costs. In addition, the consequences of the above uncertainties and restrictions will 
consequently weaken the Issuer's credit risk outlook (for more information on credit risk, see “The Issuer may be exposed 
to increased credit risk due to the Covid-19”). The housing loan demand remains volatile, and pricing will diverge 
between different customers.  
The market for Hypo Group’s core business areas has a high level of competition 
Hypo Group grants mortgages as well as renovation loans and consumer loans, both secured by residential property 
collateral. The competition is expected to intensify in Hypo Group’s operating environment which is already on a highly 
competitive level. Market positions in the general banking sector are melting and the competition for urban banking 
markets is heating significantly, when at the same time new operators are entering Finnish market. The current competitive 
situation and operating environment are characterised in particular by a stark rise in global inflation and increasing interest 
rates from historically low levels. The uncertainty caused by the war in Ukraine, the restrictive measures related to the 
Covid-19 and the subsequent contraction in economic activity are not expected to ease the current competitive situation. 
Interest rates are on the rise and global inflation is on a historically high level, both of which may cause consumers to be 
more wary of applying for mortgage. 
Key factors for the competitiveness of market participants are the credit rating of the market participants, their financial 
position and solvency, the availability of the service, and the reputation, product and service range. If Hypo Group is 
unable to provide sufficiently competitive service and product range, Hypo Group may lose market share or suffer losses 
in some or all of its business areas, for example, due to unsuccessful digitalisation of its banking services. Hypo Group’s

--- Page 13 ---
10 
profitability may also decline due to intense competition, which puts pressure on the bank's product and service portfolio. 
If Hypo Group is unable to respond to the prevailing competitive situation, it may have a material adverse effect on the 
business of Hypo Group, its financial condition and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
Systemic risks may have negative impacts on markets in which Hypo Group operates 
Payment defaults, bank runs and other types of financial distress or difficulties in a foreign or domestic bank or other 
financial institution may lead to a series of liquidity problems and losses as well as payment and other difficulties in other 
companies operating in the financial sector, due to the interconnectedness of the domestic and global financial systems 
and capital markets. If one financial institution experiences difficulties it could have spill-over effects on other institutions 
through, for example, lending, trading, clearing and other linkages between financial institutions. These types of risks are 
called ‘systemic risks’ and they can have a significant negative impact on markets in which Hypo Group operates on a 
daily basis which can, in turn, adversely affect Hypo Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and 
thereby the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. It has been considered that the war in Ukraine and the 
consequences of the Covid-19 have increased chances that acute liquidity or other financial problems arise in some part 
of the financial system. 
B. Risks related to Housing and Residential Property Markets in Finland 
Hypo Group is exposed to declining values on the housing and residential property collateral supporting residential 
lending, which is by far the most important form of collateral in Hypo Group’s lending  
Hypo Group’s total lending at the end of the six month period ended on 30 June 2022 was EUR 2,689 and at 31 December 
2021 EUR 2,637 million, the vast majority of which consisted of loans with housing or residential property collateral to 
private customers and housing companies in Finland. 
Housing and residential property values are affected by a number of factors including interest rates, inflation, economic 
growth, business environment, availability of credit, property taxation, unemployment rates, demographical factors and 
construction activity. In recent years preceding the Covid-19, housing and residential property values outside domestic 
growth centres have declined. Although the majority of the housing and residential property collateral of the mortgage 
loans granted by the Issuer are located in major cities and growth centres where housing and residential property values 
have not, in general, severally declined in recent years, the value of housing and residential property located in growth 
centres may in the future generally decline, or certain residential areas or districts may become less attractive leading to 
a decline in the values of the housing and residential property in such areas thereby reducing the value of the collateral of 
the Issuer. 
The value of housing and residential property collateral of the mortgage loans granted by the Issuer may decline rapidly, 
for example, due to the uncertainty caused by the spread of new variants of the Covid-19, which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition, results of operations and ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
The value of other collateral, including but not limited to financial status of a guarantor, may change negatively in the 
course of time. Furthermore, any other negative economic development, political decisions or rapid contraction in the 
labour market may also adversely affect the Issuer’s customers’ and possible customers’ loan and investment appetite in 
respect of housing and residential property, for example, due to an increase in unemployment, payment difficulties and/or 
other phenomena following the Covid-19 or any other reason.

--- Page 14 ---
11 
The Cover Asset Pool is exposed to a decline in the values of residential property in Finland  
Under the CBA, the Covered Bonds shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. The same applies 
to the MCBA. The Issuer has two (2) separate cover asset pools, one for the MCBA Covered Bonds issued in accordance 
with the MCBA and one for the Covered Bonds issued under this Programme and in accordance with the CBA (the 
“Cover Asset Pool”). As the composition of the Cover Asset Pool’s assets is dynamic, there can be no assurance that the 
assets and their aggregate value will remain the same over time, including as at the date of this Base Prospectus or on or 
after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. The Cover Asset Pool mainly includes loans secured by residential properties 
located in Finland. Therefore, the development of the Finnish residential properties plays a significant role to the Issuer’s 
business. If the state of Finnish residential property markets declines, for example, as a result of the spread of new variants 
of the Covid-19 and the value of the relevant cover asset pool decreases, it may affect the credit quality of borrowers and 
counterparties as well as the market value of residential properties and ultimately, the recoverability of loans and amounts 
due from the Issuer’s debtors. Consequently, the negative effects on the recoverability of loans and amounts due from the 
Issuer’s debtors could adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations, financial condition and business prospects and 
its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds.  
C. Risks related to Hypo Group and its business 
The Issuer is exposed to increased credit risk due to the prevailing market circumstances 
Credit risk is the key risk among the business risks of Hypo Group, as lending is by far its largest business area. Credit 
risk refers to losses of the Issuer when some counterparty to Hypo Group, usually the debtor, is unable to fulfil its payment 
obligations and the value of collateral for the credit is not sufficient to cover the creditor’s receivables. The counterparty 
risk is managed as part of the credit risk. The prevailing market circumstances, including the war in Ukraine, the possible 
spread of new Covid-19 variants and changes in the prevailing interest rate environment, make it difficult to estimate the 
future increase in the size of credit risk and future loan losses that the Issuer is exposed to. The amount of non-performing 
loans amounted to 0.22 per cent on 30 June 2022 compared to 0.14 per cent of the loan book on 31 December 2021 (0.11 
per cent on 31 December 2020). Furthermore, the amount of expected credit loss amounted to 0.01 per cent of the loan 
book on 30 June 2022 compared to 0.01 per cent on 31 December 2021 (0.01 per cent on 31 December 2020). There have 
not been yet significant negative changes caused by the Covid-19 or the spread of its new variants in the amount of Hypo 
Group’s non-performing loans and expected credit loss. However, the prevailing market situation may have an increasing 
effect on the size of credit risk and future non-performing loans that the Issuer is exposed to. 
On 11 July 2022, S&P assigned its ‘BBB/A-2’ long- and short-term issuer credit ratings to the Issuer with a stable outlook. 
If realised, the credit risk is ultimately recognised as impairment losses which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s financial condition, results of operations and ability to make payments under the Notes. 
Materialised liquidity risk would cause inability to meet payment obligations 
Liquidity risk refers to the probability of Hypo Group not being able to meet its payment obligations due to the weakening 
of its financial position. Hypo Group’s liquidity risks consist of various funding risks related to the entire operation, that 
is, the banking book including also off-balance sheet items. These risks are monitored, measured and assessed by 
reviewing the structure and distribution of the interest-bearing balance sheet items. Turbulence in the global financial 
markets and economy may adversely affect Hypo Group’s liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties and 
customers to do business with Hypo Group, which may result in a material adverse effect on Hypo Group’s business and 
results of operations.  
Hypo Group’s liquidity risk is both long-term and short-term. The long-term funding risk, also known as the structural 
funding risk, on the balance sheet refers to the temporal imbalance that is related to the funding of long-term lending and 
results from funding on market terms. If the risk is materialised, it jeopardises the continuance of growth-orientated 
lending as well as the Hypo Group’s funding position. Short-term liquidity risk refers to a quantitative and temporal 
imbalance of Hypo Group’s short-term cash flow. If the risk is materialised, it means that Hypo Group will not be able to 
meet its payment obligations. The risk is managed by maintaining sufficient liquidity in relation to payment obligations, 
regulatory minimum amounts and capital needs by distributing the liquidity investments in liquid assets in accordance 
with the confirmed country and counterparty limits.

--- Page 15 ---
12 
Hypo Group’s minimum requirement for liquidity management is that it meets the minimum reserve requirement of the 
central bank, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the “LCR”) -requirement as well as the Net Stable Funding Ratio (the 
“NSFR”) -requirement set by the authorities. The LCR requirement was implemented in 2015, pursuant to which the 
liquidity buffer comprised of high-quality liquid assets must amount to at least 100 per cent of the stress-tested amount 
of monthly net cash outflows from 1 January 2018. The NSFR refers to medium-term liquidity risk and it aims to ensure 
that a company has an acceptable amount of stable funding to support its assets and activities over a one-year horizon.  
At the end of the six month period ended on 30 June 2022, Hypo Group’s LCR ratio was 163.0 per cent compared to 
179.9 per cent at the end of the financial year ended on 31 December 2021 (194.5 per cent on 31 December 2020) and 
NSFR ratio was 106.8 per cent on 30 June 2022 compared to 114.1 per cent on 31 December 2021 (107.0 per cent on 31 
December 2020). 
Hypo Group may incur additional liquidity risk due to bank- or market-specific issues, which include a withdrawal of 
deposits; and increase in Hypo Group’s collateral requirements; an increase in Hypo Group’s own funding costs; and a 
decrease in securities’ mark-to-market prices in the liquidity portfolio due to a weakened market environment. Failure to 
manage liquidity risks may materially increase Hypo Group’s funding costs or otherwise have a material adverse effect 
on Hypo Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and thereby on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Hypo Group is exposed to risks relating to the outflow of deposits 
Suomen Asuntohypopankki Oy (“Asuntohypopankki”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer, is a deposit bank that 
offers its customers deposit products, credit cards and trustee services. At the end of the six month period ended on 30 
June 2022, deposits accounted for 47.3 per cent of Hypo Group’s funding. As at 31 December 2021, deposits accounted 
for 53.0 per cent (51.9 per cent as at 31 December 2020) of Hypo Group’s funding. Hypo Group’s funding totalled EUR 
3,060.2 as at 30 June 2022 compared to 3,132.2 million as at 31 December 2021 (EUR 3,012.0 million as at 31 December 
2020). Acting as a deposit bank, Asuntohypopankki also pays deposit guarantee contributions to the Deposit Guarantee 
Fund managed by the Finnish Financial Stability Authority (in Finnish: Rahoitusvakausvirasto, the “Stability 
Authority”). A potential bank run at Asuntohypopankki would mean that especially the share exceeding the deposit 
guarantee limit of deposits payable on demand by Asuntohypopankki would be withdrawn over a short period of time. 
Should Hypo Group encounter a significant outflow of deposits, Hypo Group’s funding structure would change 
substantially, and its average cost of funding could increase. Furthermore, this might jeopardise Hypo Group’s liquidity, 
and Hypo Group could be unable to meet its current and future cash flow and collateral needs, both expected and 
unexpected. The outflow of deposits could have a material adverse effect on Hypo Group’s average cost of funding, 
liquidity position, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Credit ratings assigned to Hypo or to the Notes may not be accurate 
The Issuer’s credit ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual Notes under the Programme. A Series of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) 
or, as the case may be, the expected rating, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued. There are no guarantees that such ratings 
will be assigned or maintained. Any external credit assessment institution may lower its ratings or withdraw the rating if, 
in the sole judgement of the credit rating agency, the credit quality of the Notes has declined or is questionable. In addition, 
a credit rating agency may at any time revise its relevant rating methodology resulting in, among other things, any rating 
previously assigned to the Notes being lowered or withdrawn. If any of the ratings assigned to the Notes is lowered or 
withdrawn, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. Furthermore, the ratings may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Notes. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities (including the Notes) and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
One or more external credit assessment institution may also assign credit ratings to the Notes and specifically to the 
Covered Bonds, which may not necessarily be the same ratings as the Issuer rating described in this Base Prospectus or 
any rating(s) assigned to other Notes. Such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities or to keep the investment and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In addition, real or anticipated changes in the Issuer’s credit 
ratings generally will affect the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
13 
Operational risks, such as, insufficient or failed processes may have a negative effect on Hypo Group’s business and 
reputation  
Hypo Group’s operational risk refers to the risk of loss due to insufficient or failed internal processes, employees, 
information systems or external factors. In addition, operational risks include legal risks. Operational risks may also be 
realised if Hypo Group’s subcontractors are not able to meet their obligations as, for example, Hypo Group’s key 
information systems have been outsourced to subcontractors or acquired as software packages. The renewal of Hypo 
Group’s core banking systems was initiated in 2019 and its success is partly dependent on third parties. Hypo Group’s 
cooperation with Samlink Ltd came to an end in the first quarter of 2022. Deployment of the first part of the new core 
information system, provided by TietoEvry Plc, took place during the first quarter of 2022. The other parts of the new 
system are estimated to be in use by the end of the year in 2022.  
Operational risks, if realised, could lead to impairment or other losses or increased costs or expenses or deterioration in 
Hypo Group’s reputation and its esteems and trustworthiness in the eyes of the public, which might have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition, results of operations and its ability to make payments under the Notes. 
Hypo Group collects and processes personal data as part of its daily business and the leakage of such data could 
result in fines, loss of reputation and customers 
In the ordinary course of operations, Hypo Group collects, stores and uses data that is protected by data protection laws. 
The protection of customer, employee and company data is critical to the Issuer and it is subject to increasing data security 
requirements. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679, the “GDPR”) entered into force 25 May 2018. 
The GDPR applies to all processing of personal data, meaning any operation performed upon identifiable information of 
an individual (data subject) within the EU. In addition, the GDPR applies to the offering of goods and services in the EU 
and to the monitoring of data subjects’ behaviour within the EU, regardless of the location of the company. Breaches of 
the GDPR could result in fines of up to 20 million euro, or 4 per cent of the worldwide annual revenue, whichever amount 
is higher. 
Although in the view of Hypo’s management it has, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, arranged the handling of 
personal data within its organisation in a manner that fulfils the requirements of data protection legislation in force, it is 
possible that the personal data systems are misused. Further, Hypo Group may fail to protect personal data in accordance 
with the privacy requirements provided under applicable laws, and certain customer data may be used inappropriately 
either intentionally or unintentionally, or leaked as a result of human error or technological failure. 
The GDPR may limit Hypo Group’s possibility to use customer data for example to develop its service offerings or for 
other purposes. Violation of data protection laws by Hypo Group or one of its partners or suppliers, or any leakage of 
customer data may result in fines and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on Hypo Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Hypo Group could fail to attract or retain senior management or other key employees 
Hypo Group’s performance is, to a large extent, dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals, and the 
continued ability of Hypo Group to compete effectively and implement its strategy depends on its ability to attract new 
employees and retain and motivate existing employees. Competition for key employees is intense both from within the 
financial services industry, including from other financial institutions, as well as from businesses outside the financial 
services industry. Any loss of key employees, particularly to competitors, or the inability to attract and retain highly 
skilled personnel in the future, could have a material adverse effect on Hypo Group’s business.  
D. Risks related to Financial Position and Financing as well as Regulation risks 
Hypo Group may not receive financing at competitive terms or at all and may fail in repaying its existing debt 
Uncertainty in the financial market or tightening regulation of banks could mean that the price of financing needed to 
carry out Hypo Group’s business, in particular Hypo Group’s growth strategy, will increase and that such financing will 
be less readily available. The Issuer currently has outstanding notes in the domestic bond market and may issue further 
notes due to which Hypo Group is exposed to future adverse changes in debt capital markets. Hypo Group’s financial 
profile may also affect its ability to refinance its existing debt, which, in turn, could also affect its competitiveness and 
limit its ability to react to market conditions and economic downturns. However, there is no assurance that Hypo Group

--- Page 17 ---
14 
may not have difficulty in raising new debt or in repaying its existing debt. Any failure to repay the principal or pay 
interest in respect of Hypo Group’s existing debt, the inability to refinance existing debt, or to raise new debt at 
corresponding or more favourable financial and other terms than currently in force, could have a material adverse effect 
on Hypo Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
The regime under the BRRD directive enables authorities to take a range of actions in relation to financial institutions, 
which actions or any contemplation thereof may result in Noteholders losing some or all of their investment 
The Notes could be subject to the bail-in power and the Subordinated Debentures could be subject to the statutory write-
down and conversion power. The determination that all or a part of the principal amount of the Notes will be subject to 
bail-in, or in the case of Subordinated Debentures, statutory write-down and/or conversion, is likely to be inherently 
unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Hypo Group’s control. The application 
of the bail-in tool with respect to the Notes, or in the case of Subordinated Debentures, exercise of the statutory write-
down and/or conversion power, may result in the cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, 
the Notes (however, in the case of Covered Bonds, only to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not 
met out of the assets comprising the Cover Asset Pool) and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount 
of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, the Notes (however, in the case of Covered Bonds, only to 
the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets comprising the Cover Asset Pool) 
into ordinary shares or other securities of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms of 
the Notes to give effect to such application of the bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion power 
(as the case may be). Accordingly, potential investors in the Notes should consider the risk that the bail-in tool and/or the 
statutory write-down and/or conversion power (as the case may be) may be applied in such a manner as to result in holders 
of the Notes losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the 
Notes, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly fewer protections than 
those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the resolution authority may exercise its authority to apply the bail-
in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion power (as the case may be) without providing any advance 
notice to the holders of the Notes. Holders of the Notes may also have limited or no rights to challenge any decision of 
the resolution authority to exercise the bail-in power and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion power (as the 
case may be) or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
The bail-in power contains a specific safeguard (“NCWOL”) with the aim that shareholders and creditors do not receive 
a less favourable treatment than they would have received in ordinary insolvency proceedings. However, even in 
circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the NCWOL safeguard in accordance with a valuation 
performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent to the full 
losses incurred by the Noteholders in the resolution and there can be no assurances that Noteholders would recover such 
compensation promptly.  
In addition to the bail-in power and the statutory write-down and conversion power, the BRRD provides resolution 
authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to distressed banks, which may 
include (without limitation): (i) directing the sale of the bank or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms 
without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would otherwise 
apply, (ii) transferring all or part of the business of the bank to a ‘bridge institution’ (a publicly controlled entity), (iii) 
transferring all or part of the assets of the bank, including impaired or problem assets, to an asset management vehicle to 
allow them to be managed and worked out over time, (iv) replacing or substituting the bank as obligor in respect of debt 
instruments, (v) modifying the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest 
payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or (vi) discontinuing the listing and admission to 
trading of financial instruments. The resolution authorities will likely allow the use of financial public support only as a 
last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-
in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion powers. 
The exercise of any actions contemplated in the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise will likely materially adversely 
affect the price or value of an investment in Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such 
Notes and could lead to the holders of the Notes losing some or all of their investment in the Notes (however, in the case 
of Covered Bonds, only to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets comprising 
the Cover Asset Pool).

--- Page 18 ---
15 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
 
Items eligible for inclusion in minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) include institution’s 
own funds (within the meaning of CRD V), along with “Eligible Liabilities”, meaning liabilities which inter alia, are 
issued and fully paid up, have a maturity of at least one year (or do not give the investor a right to repayment within one 
year), and do not arise from derivatives. The MREL requirement may also have to be met partially through the issuance 
of contractual bail-in instruments, being instruments that are effectively subordinated to other eligible liabilities in a bail-
in or insolvency of the relevant institution. 
 
The Stability Authority has made a decision on 28 April 2021 of setting a minimum requirement of own funds and eligible 
liabilities for The Mortgage Society of Finland. The requirement has applied since 1 January 2022. The requirement will 
consist solely of the loss absorption amount (LAA) set out in Chapter 8, Section 7, Subsection 2, Paragraph 1 of the 
Resolution Act. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may cover the requirement with the Issuer’s existing own 
funds. The requirement is based on the Banking Reform Package (as defined in section “Regulatory Environment – 
Resolution Laws”), which amended the provisions of the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. The requirement of the Issuer 
on the amount of MREL eligible liabilities may increase and increase the Issuer’s dependence on market-based funding. 
If the Hypo Group were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, it may have to reduce its lending 
or investments in other business operations. The applicable regulations in respect of the MREL requirement may be 
revised or the Stability Authority may revise its interpretations of the applicable regulations or its decision on the Hypo 
Group’s MREL requirement so that senior preferred notes, such as the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, do not 
count towards the MREL requirement of the Hypo Group. This could possibly also constitute an MREL Disqualification 
Event under the General Terms and Conditions (see “The Subordinated Debentures and the Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity due to a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Debentures only), 
an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes only) or a Tax Event”) requiring 
the Issuer to utilise other instruments, such as senior non-preferred notes, to fulfil its MREL requirement. 
The Insolvency Hierarchy Directive creates a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt, which might affect the 
Issuer  
The European Commission published on 12 December 2017 Directive (EU) 2017/2399 regarding the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the “Insolvency Hierarchy Directive”). The Insolvency Hierarchy 
Directive creates a new category of “non-preferred” senior debt. The Issuer may need to amend its debt structure due to 
the new category of “non-preferred” senior debt, and such debt is likely more expensive for the Issuer compared to the 
issuance of Covered Bonds and Senior Preferred Notes due to the junior ranking of such “non-preferred” senior debt.  
Amendments to domestic legislation to implement the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive entered into force in November 
2018. Pursuant to the domestic implementation of the Insolvency Hierarchy Directive, credit institutions such as the Issuer 
have a specific debt ranking order in an insolvency situation. In addition, the amendment entitles credit institutions to 
agree on the ranking of non-preferred financial instruments in accordance with the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions 
(Luottolaitoslaki 610/2014) and the Finnish Priority Act (Laki velkojien maksunsaantijärjestyksestä, 1992/1578, as 
amended). Categorisation as “senior non-preferred” debt requires a specific reference in the terms and conditions of a 
debt instrument. Although the Programme does not cover the issuance of senior non-preferred debt instruments, the Issuer 
may decide to issue senior non-preferred debt instruments in the future, which may affect the Issuer or the evaluation of 
the Notes. 
Hypo Group’s business performance could be affected if its capital adequacy ratios are reduced or perceived to be 
inadequate 
Hypo Group is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios pursuant to European and Finnish legislation. As of 1 
January 2015, the capital requirements included a 2.5 per cent capital conservation buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 as 
provided in the Act on Credit Institutions. The FIN-FSA is also authorised to set a countercyclical buffer of zero to 2.5 
per cent based on macroprudential analysis, although it has not imposed such buffer so far. The regulator, debt and equity 
investors, analysts and other market professionals may, nevertheless, require higher capital buffers than those required 
under current or proposed future regulations due to, among other things, the continued general uncertainty involving the 
financial services industry and the concerns over global and local economic conditions. Any such market perception, or 
any concern regarding compliance with future capital adequacy requirements, could increase Hypo Group’s borrowing 
costs or limit its access to capital markets, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial

--- Page 19 ---
16 
condition and liquidity. If Hypo Group were to experience an unexpected reduction in its capital adequacy ratios, and 
could not raise further capital, it would have to reduce its lending or investments in other operations.  
In the beginning of 2018, the Act on Credit Institutions was updated to include a new macroprudential measure, Systemic 
Risk Buffer (“SRB”). The FIN-FSA may impose measures or requirements under the SRB on the basis of the structural 
characteristics of the financial system. On 6 April 2020, the FIN-FSA announced that the board of the FIN-FSA decided 
to remove the systemic risk buffer requirement, which previously was additional capital requirement of 1.0 per cent for 
the Issuer. The decision entered into force immediately. The aim of the FIN-FSA’s decision was to mitigate the negative 
effects of the Covid-19 on the stability of financial markets and on credit institutions’ ability to finance the economy. On 
27 June 2022, the FIN-FSA reconfirmed that credit institutions will not be subject to a systemic buffer requirement due 
to the impacts of, inter alia, Russia’s war in Ukraine. However, the FIN-FSA also announced that the need to raise the 
buffer rate will be reviewed as soon as conditions permit. Removing the additional capital requirement together with other 
easing measures may cause unexpected effects and their impact on the Issuer and the economy as a whole is uncertain in 
the long run. In addition, if the eased capital or other prudential requirements are tightened in the future to their levels 
existing prior to the Covid-19 or even higher, it may adversely affect the Issuer. The FIN-FSA or the Stability Authority, 
as applicable, may also restrict the Issuer’s ability to make “discretionary payments” if capital requirements and/or the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities have not been met. If such restrictions are imposed, this could 
have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s ability to raise, and the cost of, any form of capital or funding. 
On 17 May 2019 the FIN-FSA set Hypo Group a discretionary additional capital requirement of 1.25 per cent (Pillar 2 
requirement) which is to be met with Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET 1). The requirement took effect on 31 December 
2019, and it remains in force until 31 December 2022. On 24 August 2022 the FIN-FSA set Hypo Group a new 
discretionary additional capital requirement of 0.75 per cent (Pillar 2 requirement) so that at least three quarters must be 
Tier 1 capital (T1), of which at least three quarters must be CET 1 capital. The new requirement takes effect on 31 
December 2022 and remains in force until further notice, however not longer than until 31 December 2025.  
The imbalance between the maturity of receivables and the maturity of liabilities may increase the refinancing costs 
and have a material adverse effect on Hypo Group’s liquidity 
The imbalance between the maturity of receivables and the maturity of liabilities – that is, the refinancing risk – on the 
balance sheet causes the risk of an increase in refinancing costs. Repayments of certain funding agreements are linked to 
changes in the corresponding portion of the lending portfolio in which case no maturity imbalance arises with regard to 
the balance sheet items in question. Premature repayment of loans in relation to the original repayment plans of the loan 
customers results in the maturity imbalance between receivables and liabilities on the balance sheet being actually lesser 
than when the loans were granted. Any imbalance between the maturity of receivable and the maturity of liabilities may 
increase the refinancing costs and have a material adverse effect on Hypo Group’s liquidity. 
Hypo Group is exposed to market risk 
The market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from the fluctuation of market prices. A change in the market value of 
interest-bearing contracts related to Hypo Group’s business operations may result from a change in the general interest 
rate level, a change in the credit risk related to the counterparty, limited supply of an instrument on the market (lack of 
liquidity) or a combination of these. Future valuations of the assets for which Hypo Group has already recorded or 
estimated write-downs, which will reflect the then-prevailing market conditions, may result in significant changes in the 
fair values of these assets. Further, the value of certain financial instruments are recorded at fair value, which is determined 
by using market prices from active capital markets that are inherently uncertain and which may change over time or may 
ultimately be inaccurate. Any of these factors could require Hypo Group to recognise further write-downs or realise 
impairment charges, which may have a material adverse effect on Hypo Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect Hypo Group’s financial position 
Interest rate risk refers to an unfavourable change in the annual net interest income (income risk) and the present value of 
interest-sensitive balance sheet items (present value risk) caused by variation in the amounts, reference rates and interest 
rate fixing dates of interest-bearing receivables and liabilities. Interest rate risk arises when interest rate fixing periods or 
interest rate bases for assets and those for liabilities are mismatched.

--- Page 20 ---
17 
As a result of the economic situation in the EU and thus the reaction of the European Central Bank (“ECB”), the 
EURIBOR-rates, which are central reference rates used for mortgages in Finland, are rising rapidly after being negative 
since early 2016. Rise of the EURIBOR-rates might have a material adverse effect on Hypo’s financial position as the 
cost of the Issuer’s funding may increase. Realisation of interest rate risk, despite of derivative contracts or other 
management methods in use, might have an adverse effect on Hypo Group’s financial position. 
Risks related to ownership of housing units and residential land 
The book value of the housing units and residential land, excluding premises in Hypo Group’s own use, was about EUR 
54.5 million as per 30 June 2022 and EUR 55.4 million as per 31 December 2021 (EUR 57.6 million as per 31 December 
2020). Hypo Group’s shares in housing companies and residential land are exposed to depreciation, return and damage 
risks as well as risks related to concentrated ownership. 
The fair value of residential land or shares in housing companies may decrease 
The depreciation risk is materialised if the fair values of residential land or shares in housing companies permanently 
decrease below the acquisition price. The risk may be materialised when a site is sold. Hypo Group makes its investments 
in housing units and residential land as long-term investments. 
The returns of holdings may decrease and eventual other losses may incur  
Return risk refers to decrease in the returns on holdings. The return risk is materialised if the occupancy rate of leased 
sites decreases or if the level of returns generally decreases in the lease market. Housing units and land may also be 
affected by other kinds of losses which decrease their value and thereby may cause losses to Hypo Group. 
Concentration of location of secured properties may adversely affect Hypo Group’s business 
Hypo Group’s housing and residential land investments are distributed across a number of sites in growth centres. Despite 
of that there are few concentrations of holdings at individual sites.  
The value of residential property collateral of the mortgage loans granted by the Issuer may decline rapidly in the event 
of a general downturn in the value of property in Finland. Such downturn may hence have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s financial condition, results of operations and ability to make payment under the Notes (for more information 
on the risk on decline of value of residential property collaterals, see risk factor “Hypo Group is exposed to declining 
values on the housing and residential property collateral supporting residential lending, which is by far the most 
important form of collateral in Hypo Group’s lending”).  
Hypo Group is exposed to regulation and oversight risks 
Hypo Group operates within a highly regulated industry and its activities are subject to extensive supervisory and 
regulatory regimes including, in particular, regulation in Finland and in the European Union. Hypo Group must meet the 
requirements set forth in the regulations regarding, inter alia, minimum capital and capital adequacy, reporting with 
respect to financial information and financial condition, marketing and selling practices, advertising, terms of business 
and permitted investments and liabilities. In addition, certain decisions made by Hypo Group may require approval or 
notification to the relevant authorities in advance. 
Hypo Group faces the risk that regulators may find it has failed to comply with applicable regulations or has not 
undertaken corrective actions as required. Regulatory proceedings could result in adverse publicity for, or negative 
perceptions regarding Hypo Group, as well as diverting management’s attention away from the day-to-day management 
of the business. A significant regulatory action against Hypo Group could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
its results of operations and/or financial condition. This may affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Notes. 
On 16 April 2019 the European Parliament made legislative resolutions on a directive amending the CRD IV (Directive 
(EU) 2019/878, the “CRD V”), a regulation amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) 2019/876, the “CRR II”), a regulation 
amending the regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the “SRM Regulation”) and a directive amending the BRRD (the BRRD as 
amended, the “BRRD II”, and all proposals together the “Banking Reform Package”). The Banking Reform Package 
includes, for example, a leverage ratio requirement for all institutions, a new market risk framework for reporting purposes

--- Page 21 ---
18 
and a new moratorium power for the resolution authority. Most of the new rules have applied since mid-2021. However, 
certain requirements of the Banking Reform Package have not yet taken full effect, as these requirements are intended to 
enter into force gradually. It is not possible to predict all the potential impacts the Banking Reform Package may have on 
the business of credit institutions before it has been fully implemented. For more information, see “Regulatory 
Environment – Single Supervisory Mechanism”. 
Other areas where regulatory changes could have an impact include, inter alia: 
• 
changes in the monetary economy, the interest rate and the policies of central banks or regulatory 
authorities; 
• 
general changes in government policy or regulatory policy which may have a material impact on investor 
decisions in specific markets in which Hypo Group operates; 
• 
changes in the maximum loan-to-value ratio for housing loans (loan cap); 
• 
changes in the competitive environment and pricing; and 
• 
changes in the financial statements framework. 
 
Any of the risks detailed above, if realised, could have a material adverse effect on refinancing opportunities, capital 
adequacy, business operations, financial standing, business results, prospects and payment capabilities of the Issuer. 
Risks associated with abuse of the financial system 
In global terms, the risk that banks may become the subject of or be exploited for the purposes of money laundering or 
the financing of terrorism has increased. The risk of future incidents involving money laundering or financing of terrorism 
is always in the background for financial institutions. In addition, financial institutions, such as Hypo Group, are subject 
to various legal regimes and requirements that concern trade regulation and sanctions adherence. After Russia’s invasion 
of Ukraine, international sanctions have expanded rapidly and repeatedly, sometimes with very short lead times. At the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Hypo Group observes the sanctions regimes of Finland, the European Union, the United 
Kingdom, the United Nations and the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the United States. Any breach of trade 
regulations or sanctions regimes, or rules that aim to prevent the illegal exploitation of the financial system or even the 
suspicion of such infringements could have grave legal consequences for the Hypo Group and/or its reputation, or result 
in significant penalty payments, or jeopardise Hypo Group’s access to capital markets or international payment systems 
which, in turn, could have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer's business operations, its performance or its financial 
position. 
E. Risks related to the Notes 
Modification of the General Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms of the Notes bind all Noteholders 
Provisions regarding Noteholders’ meetings are included in the General Terms and Conditions. A meeting may be 
summoned in order to discuss matters concerning the benefits of the Noteholders. Noteholders with a qualified majority 
described in the General Terms and Conditions are able to make decisions that affect all Noteholders regardless of whether 
a Noteholder was present at the meeting, participated in the voting or voted against the majority. Modifications of the 
General Terms and Conditions and other resolutions made at the Noteholders’ Meetings may not be in all Noteholders’ 
interest. 
No security is given in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Debentures 
There is no security on the Senior Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Debentures (as regards the Subordinated 
Debentures, giving a security is not permissible in accordance with Finnish law). In the event of insolvency of Hypo, the 
Senior Preferred Notes rank pari passu with other unsecured obligations of Hypo in respect of Hypo’s remaining assets. 
In the event of insolvency of Hypo, and due to the fact that no security on the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated 
Debentures is given, the investor may lose the invested principal and/or the interest either partly or wholly.

--- Page 22 ---
19 
The reset of the interest rate of Reset Notes could affect their market value 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On the First 
Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will 
be reset to the First Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each as determined in the relevant Final Terms). The First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment 
in the Reset Notes. 
An optional early redemption feature of the Notes is likely to limit their market value  
If the Final Terms specifies that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s option, the Issuer may choose to redeem the 
Notes pursuant to Condition 4.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) at times when prevailing interest 
rates may be relatively low. At those times, a Noteholder generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. In addition to a redemption pursuant to Condition 4.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)), any Subordinated Debentures or Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity in certain circumstances. See “The Subordinated Debentures and the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity due to a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Debentures only), an MREL 
Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes only) or a Tax Event”. 
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investing in fixed-interest Notes involves a risk that subsequent changes in the market interest rates may decrease the 
market value of the Notes. 
Risks related to floating interest rate Notes (should such an instrument be issued by the Issuer) involves a risk that 
subsequent changes in the market interest rates may decrease the market value of the Notes until the date of the ongoing 
interest period in question.  
Active secondary market for the Notes may not develop 
An application for listing of the Notes on the Helsinki Stock Exchange may be made in case such listing has been provided 
for in the Final Terms of such Tranche of Notes and the amount of the subscribed Notes in such Series of Notes is at least 
200,000 euros. However, a daily secondary market for the Notes is not necessarily formed during the term of the Notes. 
Selling of a Note prior to its due date may result in capital gains or loss. This may result from changes in the interest level 
or low supply of the Notes on the secondary market (lack of liquidity) or a combination of such factors.  
The assets comprising the Cover Asset Pool do not form part of the general assets of the Issuer that would be available 
to holders of Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Debentures in the case of bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer  
In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the holders of Covered Bonds (along with counterparties to 
related Derivative Transactions and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans) have the benefit of priority (fully or up to 
a certain portion) of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool (See risk factor “The Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover all 
claims of the holders of Covered Bonds” below). Holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Debentures do not 
have the same benefit. In the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Debentures will therefore be subordinated in right of payment to holders of Covered Bonds or MCBA Covered Bonds.  
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance that 
such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the 
proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for financing or re-financing housing company mortgages used for 
investments that promote climate-friendly housing solutions, such as increased energy efficiency investments in 
commercial and residential buildings (“Green Mortgage Projects” and thereto related Notes, “Green Bonds“). It should 
be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as 
to what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a

--- Page 23 ---
20 
particular project to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. A 
basis for the determination of such “green” project definition has been established in the EU with the Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject 
to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of 
technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. 
Until the technical screening criteria for the objectives of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy have been developed it 
is not known whether any Green Bonds will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is not certain and no assurance is or can be given 
to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Mortgage Projects will meet or continue to 
meet on an ongoing basis any or all investor expectations regarding such “green” or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives or that any adverse green, sustainable, environmental and/or other impacts will not occur during 
the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Mortgage Projects. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), it is 
uncertain that, whether in whole or in part, such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required 
to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Mortgage Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green Mortgage Projects in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, it is uncertain whether the relevant project(s) or use(s) 
the subject of, or related to, any Green Mortgage Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for such Green Mortgage Projects. It is also uncertain whether such Green Mortgage Projects will be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under 
the Notes.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Mortgage Projects as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or 
any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are 
intended to finance Green Mortgage Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
The regulation, reform and discontinuation of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of the Notes linked to 
such “benchmarks” 
 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other rates and 
indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent EU, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform, including the Benchmarks Regulation (see “Regulatory environment – Benchmarks 
regulation”). Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past or disappear entirely or have other consequences that cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
 
The United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) has indicated through a series of announcements that the 
continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention 
to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising 
its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology. Concurrently, the 
FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors,

--- Page 24 ---
21 
following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication. Similar regulatory developments in relation to 
other Benchmarks may lead to similar consequences for such other Benchmarks. Such regulatory reform could increase 
the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark, such that market participants 
are discouraged from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark. These reforms and changes may also cause 
a benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past, to be discontinued or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
“benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the ”benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
 
F. Risks related to the Subordinated Debentures and/or Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
Remedies in case of default on the Subordinated Debentures and Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes are severely 
limited 
The only Events of Default in relation to the Subordinated Debentures and the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes are 
set out in Condition 13.2 (Events of Default relating to Subordinated Debentures and Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes). If an Event of Default in relation to a Subordinated Debenture or a Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note has 
occurred under the referred Condition, any holder of such a Note may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, institute 
such steps, including the obtaining of a judgement against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the relevant Note, 
as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt or put into liquidation but not otherwise and, 
consequently, if an Event of Default in relation to a Subordinated Debenture or a Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note 
occurs pursuant to the referred Condition, the Issuer shall only be required to make such payment after it has been declared 
bankrupt or put into liquidation. 
 
Subordinated Debentures have a lower priority in relation to other debts of the Issuer 
 
The Subordinated Debentures are debenture loans as referred to in section 34 subsection 2 of the Finnish Promissory 
Notes Act. In the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders to 
payments of the outstanding principal amount and any other amounts in respect of the Subordinated Debentures (including 
any accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these General Terms 
and Conditions, if any are payable) shall (i) be subordinated to the claims of all senior creditors of the Issuer; (ii) rank at 
least pari passu with the claims of all other subordinated creditors of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their 
terms, are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Debentures; and (iii) rank senior to any share capital and 
any obligations of the Issuer ranking, or expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Debentures of the Issuer, subject, 
in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Finnish law, including but not limited to the Finnish implementation of Article 
48(7) of the BRRD in item 6 of Chapter 1, Section 4a, Subsection 1 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions to the effect 
that claims resulting from items qualifying (whether in whole or in part) as own funds of the Issuer have lower priority 
ranking than any claim that results from an item which does not qualify (whether in whole or in part) as own funds of the 
Issuer. Further, the Subordinated Debentures are intended to be “tier 2 instruments” referred to in Article 63 of CRR, 
which are available to count towards the capital requirements applicable to the Issuer provided that the requirements set 
out in the CRR are fulfilled. The investor may lose part of or the entire invested amount. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the Subordinated 
Debentures 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Subordinated Debentures 
or on the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu with the Subordinated Debentures. The issue of any 
such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders in the event of voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.

--- Page 25 ---
22 
The Subordinated Debentures and the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity due 
to a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Debentures only), an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes only) or a Tax Event 
 
The Subordinated Debentures and the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes contain provisions entitling the Issuer to 
redeem such Notes at any time if, in the case of Subordinated Debentures, a Capital Event (as defined in Condition 4.4) 
or, in the case of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 
4.5), occurs. In addition, the Subordinated Debentures and the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes contain provisions 
entitling the Issuer to redeem such Notes at any time if a Tax Event (as defined in Condition 4.6) occurs. Any such early 
redemption is subject (to the extent applicable) to the conditions set out in Condition 4.7 (Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase). It is not possible to predict whether or not any further change in the applicable laws or regulations or the 
application or interpretation thereof, or any of the other events referred to above, will occur and so lead to the 
circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the Subordinated Debentures and/or the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem such Notes or, in 
the case where any prior permission of the FIN-FSA or the Stability Authority, as applicable, for such redemption is 
required, whether such permission will be given. There can be no assurances that, in the event of any such early 
redemption, the Noteholders will be able to reinvest the proceeds at a rate that is equal to the return on the Subordinated 
Debentures or the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. See also “An optional early redemption feature of the Notes is 
likely to limit their market value”. 
 
Early redemption features are also likely to limit the market value of the Subordinated Debentures or the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes. During any period when the Issuer can redeem such Notes, or during which there is an actual or 
perceived increased likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem such Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period if the market believes that the Notes may become eligible for redemption in the near term. The Issuer may elect to 
redeem any Notes (if it is entitled pursuant to the relevant terms and conditions) when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. 
 
Call options may not be exercised  
 
Subordinated Debentures and Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call 
them after a minimum period of, for example, five years. To exercise such a call option the Issuer must obtain the prior 
consent of the FIN-FSA (in the case of Subordinated Debentures) or the Stability Authority (in the case of Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes). Holders of such Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of such Notes and should not 
invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Issuer. Even if the Issuer is given prior 
consent by the FIN-FSA (in the case of Subordinated Debentures) or the Stability Authority (in the case of Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes), any decision by the Issuer as to whether it will exercise calls in respect of such Notes 
will be taken at the absolute discretion of the Issuer with regard to factors such as the economic impact of exercising such 
calls, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions. Holders of such Notes should be aware that they 
may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum 
period. 
 
The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of the Subordinated Debentures and the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes  
 
To the extent that any Series of Notes contains provisions relating to the substitution or variation of the Notes, in certain 
circumstances, such as if a Capital Event, an MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, 
or in order to ensure the effectiveness of Condition 15 (Acknowledgement of loss absorption powers), the Issuer may, in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, substitute the 
Notes or vary the terms and conditions of the Notes in order to ensure such substituted or varied Notes continue to qualify 
as, or, as applicable, become, in the case of Subordinated Debentures, tier 2 capital or, in the case of Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes, eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements of the Issuer, or in order to ensure 
the effectiveness of Condition 15 (Acknowledgement of loss absorption powers). While the Issuer cannot make changes 
to the terms of the Notes that are materially less favourable to a Noteholder of such Notes (save to the extent that such 
prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15 (Acknowledgement of loss

--- Page 26 ---
23 
absorption powers)), there can be no assurances as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. In addition, there is no certainty to the tax consequences of such substitution or variation. Substitution or 
variation could impose negative tax consequences to a Noteholder. 
 
G. Risks related to the Covered Bonds and MCBA Covered Bonds 
The Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover all claims of the holders of Covered Bonds 
Any covered bonds of the Issuer are issued as covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat.) All of the Issuer’s MCBA 
Covered Bonds issued by prior to 8 July 2022 are governed by the MCBA and any Covered Bonds issued after 8 July 
2022 are governed by the CBA. The key differences between the MCBA and the CBA are explained further in sections 
“Finnish Covered Bond Act”, “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity” and “Overview of the Programme – 
Priority of the Covered Bonds”. 
Under the CBA and the MCBA, noteholders of a covered bond are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the issuer in relation to the assets entered into the register of covered bonds that the issuer is required to 
maintain in respect of the covered bonds (the “Register”). In calculating the total value of the Cover Asset Pool, the 
following limitations apply under the CBA: 1) at most 80 per cent of the underlying value of the shares or the real estate 
securing each Housing Loan; and 2) the principal of the Substitute Collateral. Under the MCBA, the limitations are as 
follows: 1) at most 70 per cent of the underlying value of the shares or the real estate securing each Housing Loan; and 
2) the principal of the Substitute Collateral. 
Under Section 25 of the MCBA, the Noteholder’s priority is limited to 70 per cent in respect of housing loans (in Finnish: 
asuntoluotto, as defined in the MCBA) of the current value of such property which stands as collateral for such housing 
loans. Under Section 20 of the CBA, no such limitations apply. Notwithstanding that the Issuer has entered into liquidation 
or bankruptcy proceedings, Noteholders have the right to receive payment before all other claims against the Issuer out 
of the proceeds of the Cover Asset Pool covering the Covered Bonds (however, in the case of the MCBA, only up to the 
prioritised portion of the cover asset pool covering the MCBA Covered Bonds). To the extent that claims of the 
Noteholders in respect of the Covered Bonds are not met out of the Cover Asset Pool, the residual claims of the 
Noteholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Noteholders will not 
have any preferential right to the Issuer’s assets other than those entered into the Register and/or Cover Asset Pool as 
collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. Given the pari passu ranking of the MCBA Covered Bonds under the MCBA, 
in the event of the Issuer’s liquidation or bankruptcy, the amount available to be paid to Noteholders out of the relevant 
cover asset pool on a prioritised basis may be affected by the amounts payable at the relevant time to counterparties of 
any Derivative Transactions registered in the cover asset pool entered into by the Issuer and having the same priority as 
the MCBA Covered Bonds and the providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered into by the bankruptcy administrator 
of the Issuer to secure liquidity or take out liquidity credit. Under Section 44 of the CBA, providers of liquidity loans and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans have a right to receive payment after the receivables specified in Section 20 of the CBA, i.e. 
principal and interest of the Covered Bonds, obligations deriving from Derivative Transactions related to the Covered 
Bonds as well as administration and liquidation costs, and before the remaining counterparties. 
The funds accruing from the assets entered in the Cover Asset Pool of the Covered Bonds after the commencement of 
liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings are entered into the Register and/or Cover Asset Pool as collateral until the 
Noteholders, counterparties to Derivative Transactions and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans are repaid in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans, as applicable. Such provision of the CBA and the MCBA shall also be applied to the funds accrued to the Issuer 
after the commencement of the liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings on the basis of derivative transactions entered into 
the Register in respect of the Covered Bonds or MCBA Covered Bonds or assets entered into the Register as collateral in 
respect of the Covered Bonds or MCBA Covered Bonds, respectively. 
The issued Covered Bonds or MCBA Covered Bonds may have different priority due to the existing differences between 
the CBA and MCBA 
The Issuer will have two different cover asset pools – one in accordance with the CBA and one in accordance with the 
MCBA – due to the existing differences between the laws. The Cover Asset Pool under the CBA does not operate as a 
cover asset pool for the MCBA Covered Bonds and the cover asset pool under the MCBA does not operate as a cover 
asset pool for the Covered Bonds. The MCBA Covered Bonds under the MCBA and the Covered Bonds under the CBA 
are treated differently in respect of their priority, liquidity requirements and the extension of maturity depending on the

--- Page 27 ---
24 
applicable legislation. The co-existence of two sets of covered notes and two cover asset pools that are subject to differing 
regulatory treatment may increase ambiguity for investors in terms of treatment and status of the Noteholder in the Issuer’s 
insolvency. The Issuer may make additional tap issues to the MCBA Covered Bonds issued under the MCBA in 
accordance with the transitory provisions of the CBA (see “Finnish Covered Bond Act – Transitory Provisions”).  
No events of default in Covered Bonds 
 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer and therefore 
the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle holders to accelerate the Covered Bonds. As such, it is 
envisaged that holders will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall 
due under the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. The same applies to the MCBA Covered Bonds issued in 
accordance with the MCBA.  
In the event of a failure of the Cover Asset Pool to meet the matching requirements, holders of the Covered Bonds may 
receive payments according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the relevant Covered 
Bond  
The Issuer is required under the CBA to comply with certain matching requirements as long as there is any Covered Bond 
outstanding. Under the CBA, if the assets in the Cover Asset Pool do not fulfil the requirements provided for in the CBA, 
the FIN-FSA may set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place more collateral in compliance with the CBA and the 
conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds. If these requirements are not complied with, the Issuer’s license for mortgage 
bank activities may be withdrawn. If the Issuer is placed in liquidation or declared bankrupt, and the requirements for the 
total amount of collateral of the Covered Bonds are not fulfilled, a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA may demand 
that the Issuer’s bankruptcy administrator declare the Covered Bonds due and payable and sell the assets in the Cover 
Asset Pool. This could result in the holders of Covered Bonds receiving payment according to a schedule that is different 
from that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of 
Covered Bonds are not paid in full. The same applies to the MCBA Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the MCBA. 
Default of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool may jeopardise payment on the Covered Bonds 
Default of the Issuer’s assets in the Cover Asset Pool could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the 
Covered Bonds in full or on a timely manner. Over-collateralisation must have a value of at least two per cent. If the 
requirements set out in Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, Subparagraph 3 of the CRR are not met, over-collateralisation must 
have a value of at least five (5) per cent. The over-collateralisation shall also cover the estimated costs in relation to the 
winding-down of the Covered Bonds. In case of defaults of the Issuer’s assets in the Cover Asset Pool, the Issuer must 
supplement the Cover Asset Pool to comply with the statutory requirements and if the current value of the total amount 
of the Cover Asset Pool does not continuously exceed the current value of the combined payment obligations resulting 
from the Covered Bonds by at least two (2) per cent (or five (5) per cent, respectively), the FIN-FSA may withdraw the 
Issuer’s license for mortgage bank activities and the assets in the Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover the payments on 
the Covered Bonds. To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Covered Bonds are not met out of the 
Cover Asset Pool, the residual claims of the Noteholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral with 
eligible assets in accordance with the CBA. The required over-collateralisation value of at least five (5) per cent set out 
in the CBA, when the requirements set out in the Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, Subparagraph 3 of the CRR are not met, is 
not applicable on the MCBA Covered Bonds issued under the MCBA and therefore, over-collateralisation must have a 
value of at least two (2) per cent on the MCBA Covered Bonds issued under the MCBA.  
Transfer of Covered Bonds and the Cover Asset Pool in bankruptcy  
In bankruptcy, a bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a Covered 
Bond and the corresponding collateral to a mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit entity that has acquired a license 
to issue covered bonds or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to supervision corresponding to that of the 
CBA unless the terms of the Covered Bond provide otherwise. The same applies to MCBA Covered Bonds issued in 
accordance with the MCBA. The Noteholders may not affect the entity that administers the liability for a Covered Bond 
and the corresponding collateral and if the transferee does not fulfil its obligations, it may have an adverse effect on the 
value of the Covered Bonds. See also “Finnish Covered Bond Act —Management of Cover Pool Assets during the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer” and “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity – Management of Cover Pool 
Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer”.

--- Page 28 ---
25 
No market for collateral after an insolvency of the Issuer 
There is no assurance as to whether there will be a trading market for the collateral in the Cover Asset Pool or an eligible 
transferee to take over the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the corresponding collateral after an insolvency 
of the Issuer. A limited number of eligible transferees may affect adversely the liquidity of the collateral and consequently, 
the value of the Covered Bonds. The same applies in respect of the cover asset pool under the MCBA and the MCBA 
Covered Bonds. 
Liquidity post Issuer bankruptcy  
It is believed that neither an insolvent issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue Covered Bonds or 
make further issues of the MCBA Covered Bonds. Under the CBA, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or 
the consent of a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may, however, raise liquidity through the sale of mortgage loans 
and other assets in the Cover Asset Pool to fulfil the obligations relating to the relevant Covered Bonds. Further, the 
bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may take out 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and enter into other agreements for the purpose of securing the liquidity of the Cover Asset 
Pool. Under the MCBA, the counterparties in such transactions will rank pari passu with holders of the relevant MCBA 
Covered Bonds and counterparties in existing Derivative Transactions entered into the cover asset pool, whereas under 
the CBA, the holders of the Covered Bonds enjoy the first priority position. However, there is no assurance as to the 
actual ability of the bankruptcy estate to raise post-bankruptcy liquidity, which may result in a failure by the Issuer to 
make full and timely payments to holders of Covered Bonds and existing derivative counterparties registered in the Cover 
Asset Pool. The same applies to MCBA Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the MCBA.  
Defaults under the mortgage loans and defaults by borrowers may result in the Issuer’s license for mortgage bank 
activity to be withdrawn 
The mortgage loans which secure the Covered Bonds or the MCBA Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on 
property. A borrower may default on its obligation under such mortgage loan. The Issuer will substitute assets that are, 
for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral with eligible assets in accordance with the CBA or the MCBA. If the 
relevant cover asset pool does not have sufficient eligible assets, the Issuer would breach its statutory obligations and the 
FIN-FSA may set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place more collateral in compliance with the CBA or the 
MCBA and the conditions of the relevant covered bonds. If these requirements are not complied with, the Issuer’s license 
for mortgage bank activities may be withdrawn.  
Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. Defaults under mortgage loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate 
risks. Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate 
payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic 
or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative 
investments, political developments and government policies. Other factors in borrowers’ individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. Loss of earnings, unemployment, 
illness, divorce, weakening of financial conditions or results of business operations and other similar factors may lead to 
an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability 
of borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property given as security for a 
mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that mortgage loan will depend upon a number 
of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general 
at the time.  
No due diligence has or will be undertaken in relation to the Cover Asset Pool 
No investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Asset Pool 
has or will be performed by the Arranger nor any Lead Manager. Instead, they will rely on the obligations of the Issuer 
under applicable Finnish law.  
Limited information is available to holders of Covered Bonds, especially in relation to the assets in the Cover Asset 
Pool  
Investors will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the mortgage loans, the location of the properties 
securing the mortgage loans or other assets included in the Cover Asset Pool and it is expected that the composition of

--- Page 29 ---
26 
the Cover Asset Pool will change from time to time through the repayment of the mortgage loans by borrowers or new 
mortgage loans and/or other eligible assets being added to the Cover Asset Pool. The assets contained in the Cover Asset 
Pool will change over time reflecting repayments and new credits granted and, therefore, there are no assurances that the 
regional diversification, risk profile or credit quality of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool will remain the same as on or 
after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. The Issuer will maintain a separate register for the Cover Asset Pool in 
accordance with the CBA and inform the Noteholders of the composition of the Cover Asset Pool on its website at 
http://www.hypo.fi/en/investor-relations/ on a quarterly basis in connection with the issuance of its financial statements 
and interim financial statements as set out in Section 36 of the CBA (or on a half-year basis according to Section 19 of 
the MCBA). The Issuer is subject to the disclosure obligations as set out in the MAR, the Finnish Securities Markets Act, 
in the regulations and guidelines of the FIN-FSA as well as in the rules of the Helsinki Stock Exchange, and this disclosure 
obligation may include matters relating to the requirements set for the cover asset pool in accordance with the CBA or 
the MCBA where such information is of precise nature and likely to have a significant effect on the prices of the covered 
bonds. 
Reliance on Swap Providers  
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the mortgage loans and other assets 
from time to time held by the Issuer (which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of interest, 
fixed rates of interest or rates of interest which track a base rate) and the interest rate(s) under the Covered Bonds or the 
MCBA Covered Bonds, the Issuer may from time to time enter into interest rate swap agreements (see “Derivative 
Transactions related to the Covered Bonds”).  
If any swap counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments under the relevant interest rate swap agreement, 
the Issuer will be exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless such interest rate swap agreements are 
replaced, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds or MCBA Covered Bonds, 
respectively.  
Obligations may be extended 
Under the MCBA, the applicable final terms may provide that an Extended Final Maturity Date applies to a series of 
MCBA Covered Bonds. If the applicable final terms of a series of MCBA Covered Bonds so provide and the conditions 
to extension of the maturity date are fulfilled, the maturity date of the MCBA Covered Bonds may be extended. In that 
event, the Issuer is not obliged to redeem the MCBA Covered Bonds on the maturity date. The extension of the maturity 
of the principal amount outstanding of the MCBA Covered Bonds from the maturity date any date thereafter in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the MCBA Covered Bonds will not result in any right of the noteholders to accelerate 
payments or take action against the Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the noteholders in that event other than as 
set out in the terms and conditions of the MCBA Covered Bonds as completed by the applicable final terms. In these 
circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment on the relevant maturity date shall not constitute a default in payment 
by the Issuer. Furthermore, if the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on the MCBA Covered Bonds from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate or vice versa in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each 
interest payment date falling after the maturity date, then the Issuer may pay such interest pursuant to the floating rate or 
fixed rate (as the case may be) set out in the applicable final terms. 
 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the CBA, the terms and conditions of a covered note may include a provision that enables the 
issuer to extend the maturity of a covered note subject to certain conditions, including the approval of the FIN-FSA. In 
addition, the conditions for extension of maturity include, among others, that the issuer is unable to obtain long-term 
financing from ordinary sources, the issuer is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the CBA if it makes 
payments towards the principal and interest of the maturing covered note and that the extension of maturity does not 
affect the sequence in which the issuer’s covered notes from the same Cover Asset Pool are maturing. If the FIN-FSA’s 
determines that the conditions for extension have been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, its resolution 
shall indicate the applied extended maturity date of such covered notes which shall be a date on or before the final 
extended maturity date specified in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
If “Extended Final Maturity” if specified as being applicable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the maturity date 
of the relevant Covered Bonds may be extended subject to certain conditions, including approval of the FIN-FSA, 
specified in Condition 4.2 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Final Maturity Date) of the General Terms and 
Conditions. In the event of such extension, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the nominal amount outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the

--- Page 30 ---
27 
Extended Final Maturity Date. The extension of the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bonds 
to a date falling after the Maturity Date will not result in any right of the holders of Covered Bonds to accelerate payments 
on such Covered Bonds and no payment will be payable to the holders of Covered Bonds in that event other than as set 
out in the General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 31 ---
28 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best knowledge of the 
Issuer, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts, and the Base Prospectus makes 
no omission likely to affect its import. 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has audited Hypo Group’s financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020 and continues as current auditor. 
The audited financial statements of 2021 and 2020 are incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference. 
No incorporation of website information 
The Base Prospectus and Final Terms are available at Hypo’s website http://www.hypo.fi/en/investor-relations/ and also 
upon request from Hypo or from the subscription places mentioned in the Final Terms. However, the contents of Hypo’s 
website (excluding the Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto, Final Terms and the information incorporated by 
reference) or any other website do not form a part of this Base Prospectus, and prospective investors should not rely on 
such information in making their decision to invest in the Notes. 
Issuer 
 
 
 
 
The Mortgage Society of Finland 
 
 
Reg.no. 0116931-8 
 
 
Domicile: Helsinki 
 
 
Address: Yrjönkatu 9 A 
 
 
FI-00120 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
tel. 09-228 361 
 
 
hypo@hypo.fi 
 
www.hypo.fi 
 
 
Arranger  
 
 
 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Satamaradankatu 5  
 
 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
 
 
Finland 
 
 
 
 
Auditor of the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
 
 
Authorised Public Accountants 
 
 
Itämerentori 2 
 
 
FI-00180 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
Responsible auditor Jukka Paunonen, Authorised 
Public Accountant

--- Page 32 ---
29 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following General Terms and Conditions of the Programme must be read in their entirety together with 
the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Notes.  
1. Notes, status and their form 
The notes are issued by The Mortgage Society of Finland (the “Issuer”). The Notes are issued as serial bonds 
(in Finnish: sarjalaina) (each a “Series of Notes”). Each Series of Notes may comprise one or more tranches 
(each a “Tranche of Notes”) of Notes. The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Notes are formed by 
combining these general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions” and each clause a 
“Condition”) and a document specific to such Tranche of Notes called final terms (“Final Terms”). 
Notes may be issued: 
(a) 
as senior notes which constitute direct, unconditional, unguaranteed, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) at least pari 
passu with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer (the “Senior Preferred Notes”);  
 
(b) 
as subordinated debentures in accordance with Section 34 subsection 2 of the Promissory 
Notes Act (Velkakirjalaki 622/1947, as amended; hereinafter the “Promissory Notes 
Act”) which constitute direct, unguaranteed, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer (the “Subordinated Debentures”). In the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders to payments of the 
outstanding principal amount and any other amounts in respect of the Subordinated 
Debentures (including any accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations under these General Terms and Conditions, if any are payable) 
shall:  
 
 
(i) be subordinated to the claims of all senior creditors of the Issuer;  
 
(ii) rank at least pari passu with the claims of all other subordinated creditors of the 
Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms, are expressed to rank 
pari passu with the Subordinated Debentures; and 
 
 
(iii) rank senior to any share capital and any obligations of the Issuer ranking, or 
expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Debentures of the Issuer, 
 
 
subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Finnish law, including but not limited to 
the Finnish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in item 6 of Chapter 1, Section 
4a, Subsection 1 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (Laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 
610/2014, as amended) to the effect that claims resulting from items qualifying (whether 
in whole or in part) as own funds of the Issuer have lower priority ranking than any claim 
that results from an item which does not qualify (whether in whole or in part) as own 
funds of the Issuer. 
The Subordinated Debentures may be calculated into the tier 2 capital as set out in Article 
63 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 (as 
amended or replaced from time to time, the “CRR”), provided that the requirements set 
out in the CRR are fulfilled; or

--- Page 33 ---
30 
(c) 
as covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat) (the “Covered Bonds”), governed by 
the Finnish Covered Bond Act (Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 
151/2022, as amended) (the “CBA”). The Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with 
all other obligations of the Issuer in respect of mortgage-backed notes governed by the 
CBA (including pursuant to Sections 20 and 40 of the CBA) as well as all derivative 
transactions entered into by the Issuer to hedge against risks relating to the Covered Bonds 
or their underlying collateral and recorded in the register of the Covered Bonds in 
accordance with Section 26 of the Covered Bond Act (the “Derivative Transactions”).  
 
In respect of the priority of the holders of the Covered Bonds, as at the date of the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer, of the properties or the shares in the property owning companies which stand as collateral for such 
Housing Loans, these types of assets have a full collateral value despite their calculated collateral value being 
at 80 per cent. To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in relation to the Covered Bonds are not fully met 
out of the assets of the Issuer that are governed by the CBA, the residual claims of the holders of Covered 
Bonds will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
If any Notes are issued as Senior Preferred Notes, the applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether the 
Notes are Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes (the “Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes”). 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed 
by the Issuer in respect of any Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Note or any accrued but unpaid interest thereon 
and any additional or other amounts whatsoever accrued or due or which would otherwise be payable on or in 
respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. No Noteholder shall in the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed under assets 
that are subject to the priority set out in Section 20 of the CBA in respect of any Covered Bond. Notes may be 
issued to be subscribed for by professional clients listed in points (1) to (4) of Section I of Annex II to MiFID 
II, and persons or entities who are, on request, treated as professional clients in accordance with Section II of 
that Annex, or recognised as eligible counterparties in accordance with Article 30 of MiFID II. No Notes may 
be issued to retail clients referred to in Article 4(1)(11) of MiFID II. The minimum subscription amount is at 
least EUR 100,000 and the denomination of a book-entry unit is at least EUR 100,000.  
The Notes will be issued in the Infinity book-entry securities system of Euroclear Finland Oy incorporated in 
Finland with Reg. No. 1061446-0, address Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland, (“Euroclear 
Finland”) (or any system replacing or substituting the Infinity book-entry securities system in accordance with 
the Finnish laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland for the 
time being (the “Euroclear Finland Rules”)), in accordance with the Act on the Book-Entry System and 
Clearing and Settlement (Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017, as amended) and 
other Finnish legislation governing book-entry system and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear 
Finland Rules. The registrar in respect of the Notes will be Euroclear Finland. 
The issuer agent (in Finnish: liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) for a Series of Notes referred to in the Euroclear 
Finland Rules as well as the issuer and paying agent of the Notes (the “Issuer Agent” and/or where applicable, 
the “Paying Agent”) are defined in the Final Terms. The Issuer may appoint one or more Lead Manager (the 
“Lead Managers”) for a Tranche of Notes as specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer may appoint a calculation 
agent (“Calculation Agent”) for a Tranche of Notes or the Issuer may act as the calculation agent, in each case 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
Notes subscribed and paid for shall be entered to the respective book-entry accounts of the subscriber(s) on a 
date set out in the Final Terms in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing the book-entry system and 
book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear Finland Rules. Each Note is freely transferable after it has been 
registered into the respective book-entry account. 
In these General Terms and Conditions, “Hypo Group” means the group consisting of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries within the meaning of Chapter 1, Section 6 of the Finnish Accounting Act (Kirjanpitolaki 
1336/1997, as amended) and any reference to “Noteholders” or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the 
holders of the Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
31 
2. Nominal value 
The denomination of each book-entry unit is at least EUR 100,000. Subject thereto, the Notes will be issued in 
such denominations as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
3. Maximum amount of the Programme and note principal as well as currency 
The total equivalent value of unamortized Notes issued at one time may be a maximum of two and a half billion 
(2,500,000,000) euros. The Issuer may decide on raising or lowering the maximum amount. 
The principal and the currency (euro or other relevant currency) of a Series of Notes and the specific Tranche 
of Notes are defined in the Final Terms. The Issuer may decide on raising or lowering the issued aggregate 
principal of each Series and Tranche of Notes during the subscription period. Notice of any decision to raise 
or lower the issued aggregate principal of each Tranche of Notes during the subscription period is available at 
the subscription places and on the website at http://www.hypo.fi/en/investor-relations/ as soon as practicable 
after any such decision is made. 
Each Series of Notes is numbered annually in numerical order. Each Tranche of Notes under each Series of 
Notes is numbered in numerical order.  
4. The term of the Notes, redemption and extension of maturity 
4.1 
The term of the Notes and redemption 
The term of the Notes is at least one year. However, the term of the Subordinated Debentures is at least five 
years. The principal of the Notes is to be repaid on the Maturity Date as defined in the Final Terms or on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date if an Extended Final Maturity Date has been specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and the maturity of the Notes has been extended in accordance with Condition 4.2 (Extension of Maturity 
up to Extended Final Maturity Date). The principal of the Notes is to be repaid in instalments if so defined in 
the Final Terms. The business day convention defined in Final Terms is applicable to the Maturity Date and 
the Extended Final Maturity Date. The redemption amount is the nominal amount of the principal. 
4.2 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Final Maturity Date 
An Extended Final Maturity Date may apply to a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, it enables the Issuer, at 
the latest on the fifth (5th) Business Day before the Maturity Date, to apply for the approval of the FIN-FSA 
that the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered Bonds will be due and 
repayable for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions should be extended by the FIN-FSA up to 
but no later than the Extended Final Maturity Date due to the reason that (i) the Issuer is unable to obtain long-
term financing from ordinary sources, (ii) the Issuer is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the 
CBA if it makes payments towards the principal and interest of the maturing Covered Bonds and that the 
extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds does not affect the sequence in which the Issuer’s Covered Bonds 
from the same Cover Asset Pool are maturing. In the event of a bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer, the 
bankruptcy administrator and the liquidator in the liquidation have, pursuant to the CBA, at the request or with 
the consent of the administrator, the right to apply for the approval of the FIN-FSA to extend the Maturity Date 
up to but no later than the Extended Final Maturity Date.  
If the FIN-FSA determines that the conditions for extension of the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds have 
been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, its resolution shall confirm the extended Maturity Date 
of the Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered Bonds will then be due and repayable for the purposes 
of these General Terms and Conditions, provided that the maturity of any Covered Bond may not be extended 
beyond the date falling twelve (12) months after the Maturity Date. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or 
any part of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any 
month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date.  
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices)) of (a) any resolution 
of the FIN-FSA to so extend the maturity of the Covered Bonds as soon as practicable after any such resolution 
having been made and (b) its intention to redeem all or any of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds in full at least three (3) Business Days prior to (i) the Maturity Date, where practicable for the Issuer to

--- Page 35 ---
32 
do so and otherwise as soon as practicable after the relevant decision to redeem the Covered Bonds (if any) is 
made or, as applicable (ii) the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable (iii) the Extended Final Maturity 
Date.Any failure by the Issuer to so notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any such 
extension of the maturity of the Notes or, as applicable, redemption by the Issuer on the Maturity Date or, as 
applicable, the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Final Maturity Date or give rise 
to any such person having any rights in respect of any such redemption but such failure may result in a delay 
in payment being received by a Noteholder through Euroclear Finland (including on the Maturity Date where 
at least three Business Days’ notice of such redemption is not given to the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 21 (Notices))) and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect 
of such delay.  
In the case of Notes which are zero coupon notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date and for which an 
Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 4.2, 
the nominal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date 
less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these General Terms and 
Conditions. 
Any extension of the maturity of the Notes under this Condition 4.2 shall be irrevocable. Where this Condition 
4.2 applies, any failure to redeem the Notes on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of the Notes 
under this Condition 4.2 shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any Noteholder any 
right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Notes other than as expressly 
set out in these General Terms and Conditions. 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of the Notes under this Condition 4.2, interest rates, interest periods 
and interest payment dates on the Notes from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended 
Final Maturity Date shall be determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes on an Interest Payment 
Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across the 
Notes and the nominal amount outstanding on the Notes shall be reduced by the level of that redemption.  
If the maturity of the Notes is extended up to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with this 
Condition 4.2, subject to as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, for so long as any of the Notes 
remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Notes, unless the proceeds of issue of such further 
Notes are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Notes the maturity of 
which has been extended in accordance with this Condition 4.2. 
This Condition 4.2 shall only apply to Notes for which “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer does not redeem those Notes in full on the Maturity Date (or within 
two Business Days thereafter) and if the FIN-FSA determines that the conditions for extension of the Maturity 
Date of the Covered Bonds have been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension.

--- Page 36 ---
33 
4.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less 
than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of a 
partial redemption of the Notes, the nominal amount outstanding of each Note shall be reduced pro rata.  
4.4 
Early Redemption of Subordinated Debentures as a result of a Capital Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer may, at its option and subject (to the extent applicable) to the 
Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 4.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), having given 
not less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Subordinated Debentures at their outstanding principal amount, together with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or any minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities then in effect in Finland including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the laws and 
regulations implementing the Directive (EU) 2013/36 (as amended) (the “CRD”), the CRR, the BRRD and those 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or any minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities adopted by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (in 
Finnish: Finanssivalvonta) (the “FIN-FSA”) or the Finnish Financial Stability Authority (in Finnish: 
Rahoitusvakausvirasto) (the “Stability Authority”), from time to time, and then in effect (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer or to the Hypo Group); and 
“Capital Event” means the determination by the Issuer, after consulting with the FIN-FSA, that as a result of a 
change in Finnish law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official application or 
interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the Notes, which change was not 
reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the first relevant Series of Notes, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes is fully or, to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, partially excluded from inclusion in the tier 2 capital of the Issuer and/or the Hypo Group (other 
than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Hypo Group). 
4.5 
Early Redemption of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes as a result of an MREL Disqualification 
Event 
Upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option and subject (to the extent 
applicable) to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 4.7 (Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase), having given not less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 
(Notices), redeem all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes at their outstanding 
principal amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer, after consulting with the Stability 
Authority, that as a result of a change in Finnish law or Applicable Banking Regulations becoming effective on 
or after the Issue Date of the first relevant Series of Notes, which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the 
Issuer as at such Issue Date, the outstanding principal amount of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
ceases or would be likely to cease to be included in whole or in any part, or count in whole or in any part, towards 
the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements of the Issuer provided that an MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur if such whole or part of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes is 
not included in, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards such eligible liabilities (or 
any equivalent or successor term) due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes

--- Page 37 ---
34 
being less than any minimum period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities (or any 
equivalent or successor term) under the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations being exceeded; and 
“MREL Requirements” means the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to 
the Issuer referred to in the Directive (EU) 2014/59 (as amended) (“BRRD”), CRR and/or any other EU laws or 
regulations implemented in Finnish laws as applied by the competent authorities. 
4.6 
Early Redemption of Subordinated Debentures or Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes as a result of a 
Tax Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer may, at its option and subject (to the extent applicable) to the 
Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 4.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase), having given 
not less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Subordinated Debentures or Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes at their outstanding 
principal amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
“Tax Event” means the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined below) experienced in such matters to the effect that, as a result of: 
 
(i) 
any amendment to, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations thereunder) of the Tax 
Jurisdiction affecting taxation;  
 
(ii) 
any governmental action in the Tax Jurisdiction; or  
 
(iii) 
any amendment to, or change in, the official position or the interpretation of such law, treaty (or 
regulations thereunder) or governmental action or any interpretation, decision or pronouncement that 
provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or governmental 
action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, 
court, governmental authority or regulatory body in the Tax Jurisdiction, irrespective of the manner in 
which such amendment, change, action, pronouncement, interpretation or decision is made known, 
which amendment or change is effective or such governmental action, pronouncement, interpretation or 
decision is announced, on or after the issue date of the Subordinated Debentures: 
 
(A) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges with 
respect to the Subordinated Debentures or Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, as 
applicable, or is not, or will not be, entitled to claim a deduction in respect of payments in 
respect of the Subordinated Debentures or Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, as 
applicable, in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such deduction would be 
materially reduced); or  
 
(B) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer’s items of income or expense with respect to the Subordinated 
Debentures as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by 
the Issuer will not be respected by the taxing authority in the Tax Jurisdiction, which subjects 
the Issuer to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges.  
 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax. 
 
4.7 
Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase 
Other than a redemption at maturity in accordance with Condition 4.1 (The term of the Notes and redemption), 
the Issuer may redeem or repurchase (and give notice thereof to the Noteholders) any Subordinated Debentures 
or Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations and it has been granted the permission of the FIN-FSA (in the case of 
Subordinated Debentures) or the Stability Authority (in the case of the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
or the Subordinated Debentures (to the extent that such Subordinated Debentures have ceased to qualify, in

--- Page 38 ---
35 
whole but not in part, as tier 2 capital)), in each such case, if such permission is then required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, and in addition:  
 
(i) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes 
with own funds instruments (or, in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or Subordinated 
Debentures (to the extent that such Subordinated Debentures have ceased to qualify, in whole but not 
in part, as tier 2 capital, eligible liabilities instruments)) of an equal or higher quality on terms that are 
sustainable for its income capacity; or  
 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the FIN-FSA or Stability Authority, as the case may 
be, that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed 
the requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that (in the case of the Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or Subordinated Debentures (to the extent that such Subordinated 
Debentures have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as tier 2 capital)) the Stability Authority in 
agreement with the FIN-FSA or, (in the case of the Subordinated Debentures) the FIN-FSA, considers 
necessary; or  
 
(iii) 
in the case of Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or Subordinated Debentures (to the extent that 
such Subordinated Debentures have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as tier 2 capital) only, 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Stability Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRD for continuing authorisation; and 
 
(iv) 
in the case of redemption or repurchase before five years after the issue date of the Subordinated 
Debentures:  
(A) 
only the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and  
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the FIN-FSA considers 
such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
FIN-FSA that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes; or  
 
(C) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the FIN-FSA that such Tax Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
at the time of issuance of the Notes; or  
 
(D) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity and the FIN-FSA has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; 
or  
 
(E) 
the Subordinated Debentures are repurchased for market making purposes,  
 
(the “Conditions to Redemption”). 
 
Any refusal by the FIN-FSA (in the case of Subordinated Debentures) or the Stability Authority (in the case of 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or Subordinated Debentures (to the extent that such Subordinated 
Debentures have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as tier 2 capital)) to grant its approval as described 
above will not constitute an event of default under the terms and conditions of any Notes. 
5.  Subscription of Notes 
5.1    Subscription manner and subscription price and the payment of subscriptions 
Each Series of Notes is offered for subscription during the subscription period at the subscription places defined 
in the Final Terms of each Tranche of Notes. The Issuer may decide on shortening or lengthening the 
subscription period.

--- Page 39 ---
36 
The subscription amount is the nominal value of the subscription multiplied by the issue price of the moment 
of subscription. When subscription takes place after the issue date, the accrued interest in accordance with the 
Final Terms for the subscribed amount for the period between the issue date and the payment date of the 
subscription must also be paid (except in case of zero coupon notes).  
When Notes are subscribed for on any other day than on an interest payment day but after the first interest 
payment day, the subscriber must pay the accrued interest for the period between the beginning of the current 
interest period and the subscription payment day.  
The Issuer does not charge the costs related to the issue or offering of the Notes from the Noteholders. The 
Lead Manager(s) and eventual other subscription places may charge such costs, which are based on the 
agreement between the Noteholder and the Lead Manager(s) or the eventual other subscription place. The 
eventual fees related to subscription are further determined in the Final Terms. 
Approved subscriptions are confirmed after the termination of the subscription period. Subscriptions are to be 
paid in a manner informed in the Final Terms. Subscriptions shall be paid for as instructed in connection with 
the subscription or at the time of the subscription, in each case as stipulated in the relevant Final Terms of a 
Tranche of Notes.  
5.2     Measures in oversubscription and under-subscription situations  
The Issuer has the right to determine separately on the measures in a situation of oversubscription and under-
subscription of a Series of Notes. In the event of oversubscription, such measures may include, for example, 
reducing subscriptions in part or in whole. In case the minimum amount of subscriptions is not fulfilled 
(undersubscription), the issue of the Series of Notes may be cancelled. It may be stipulated in the Final Terms 
of a Tranche of Notes that the issue of a certain Series of Notes requires a defined minimum amount of 
subscriptions or fulfilment of another condition. 
The Issuer has the right to raise the amount of offered Notes of a Series of Notes during the subscription period 
or to discontinue the subscription of Notes. 
Notice of cancellation of the issue or suspension of the subscription due to oversubscription is available at the 
subscription places and on the website at http://www.hypo.fi/en/investor-relations/. 
If the issue is cancelled or the subscriptions are decreased due to oversubscription, the Issuer shall refund the 
price paid to the account notified by the subscriber within five (5) Business days from the date of the decision 
concerning the cancellation or decrease. 
5.3     Issue price 
The issue price of the Notes is fixed or floating and is determined in the Final Terms. In case the issue price is 
floating, the Issuer will determine the issue price on a daily basis throughout the subscription period. In case 
of a floating issue price, the maximum issue price will be determined in the Final Terms. 
5.4     Subscriber’s cancellation right and discontinuance of acceptance of subscriptions in certain cases 
If the Issuer, during the subscription period of Notes, or before the Notes have been admitted for public trading, 
supplements the Base Prospectus due to an error, deficiency or material new information in it or publishes a 
completely updated Base Prospectus during the above-mentioned period, a subscriber, who has made a 
subscription in an offer of securities to the public before the publication of a supplement or before the 
publication of the updated base prospectus, has the right, according to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”), to cancel his subscription within at least three (3) Business Days 
from the publication of the supplement or the update. However, the cancellation right only exists if the error, 
deficiency or material new information arose or was noted before the delivery of the Notes to the subscribers 
in accordance with Condition 6 (Delivery of Notes). The supplemented Base Prospectus or a completely 
updated prospectus and information on the time limit for cancellation and the procedure relating to it are 
available at subscription places and on the Issuer’s website http://www.hypo.fi/en/investor-relations/. 
The Issuer has the right to discontinue the acceptance of subscriptions immediately when a need to supplement 
the Base Prospectus has become evident. The discontinuance will be announced in the subscription places.

--- Page 40 ---
37 
6. Delivery of Notes 
Book-entries are registered in the book-entry account informed by the subscriber in a manner announced in 
connection with the subscription and during the time period defined in the Final Terms in accordance with 
legislation regarding the book-entry system and book-entry accounts and the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
7. Security 
No security has been granted for the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Debentures.  
The Covered Bonds are covered by the assets that comprise a qualifying cover asset pool maintained by the 
Issuer and entered into the register of Covered Bonds in accordance with the CBA.  
8. Interest 
Either a fixed rate or floating rate interest based on a reference rate is paid from time to time on the unamortized 
principal of the Notes. Interest is paid on due dates of payment of interest defined in the Final Terms. 
Notes may also be issued as zero coupon notes which will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest.  
       8.1 
Fixed rate interest 
Annual interest, specified in the Final Terms, is paid on a note to which this provision is applicable according 
to the Final Terms. 
       8.2 
Floating reference rate interest 
Floating interest, which consists of a floating reference rate interest and a margin, is paid on a note to which 
this provision is applicable according to the Final Terms. 
The floating reference rate interest may be EURIBOR or other relevant reference rate, such as STIBOR, 
NIBOR or CIBOR (“OTHER”) if the issuance has been made in other currency than EUR. 
The floating reference interest rate (being either EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR or STIBOR, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (the “Reference Rate”) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the relevant 
screen page of a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) (the “Relevant Screen Page”), or such 
replacement page on a service which displays the information, as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of 
EURIBOR, Oslo time in the case of NIBOR, Copenhagen time in the case of CIBOR or Stockholm time in the 
case of STIBOR) two applicable Business Days (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the 
beginning of the interest period. If the interest period does not correspond to any time period provided on the 
designated distributor’s page, the interest is calculated by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two 
reference interest rates closest to the above-mentioned interest period, between which the interest period settles. 
8.3 
Reset Note Provisions 
This Condition 8.3 is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. Such Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding principal amount:  
A. from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) until 
(but excluding) the First Reset Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the rate per annum 
equal to the Initial Rate of Interest as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
B. from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the “First Reset Period”) or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of 
Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms); and  
 
C. if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first Subsequent Reset 
Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any Subsequent Reset Date to (but

--- Page 41 ---
38 
excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) (each a “Subsequent Reset Period”) 
at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), 
 
(each “Rate of Interest”) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and on the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3: 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means either (A) an annual fixed interest rate or (B) the sum of the First Margin 
and the Floating Reference Rate for the First Reset Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
“Reset Note” means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates payable in arrear on a fixed date or 
dates in each year and/or at intervals of one, two, three, six or 12 months or at such other date or intervals as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Lead Manager(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; and 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, either (A) an annual 
fixed interest rate or (B) the sum of the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) and the Floating 
Reference Rate for the relevant Subsequent Reset Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8.4     Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding Condition 8.2 (Floating reference rate interest) above, if the Issuer (in consultation, to the 
extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor 
Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant interest 
determination date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off 
Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future interest 
periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8.4); 
 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for all future interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8.4; 
provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the interest determination date (as referred 
to in the relevant final terms) relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph (ii), the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period (though 
substituting, where a different margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding interest period, the margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate for all 
future interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8.4); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine whether an

--- Page 42 ---
39 
Adjustment Spread should be applied) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread should be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (B) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine, prior to the interest 
determination date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period, the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate or, in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above 
provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as the case may 
be), may also, following consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify 
changes to the Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination 
Date, Interest Payment Date, Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Reference Banks and/or the definition of Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the Notes 
(and, in each case, related provisions and definitions), and the method for determining the fallback 
rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future 
interest periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8.4). An 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8.4 shall (in the absence of bad faith, gross 
negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8.4. No Noteholder consent 
shall be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer;  
(vi) 
a Calculation Agent appointed for a Tranche of Notes shall (in the absence of bad faith, gross 
negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Independent Adviser 
or Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8.4; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) 
above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition 8.4: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), as a result of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the relevant Successor 
Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of theReference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified 
Currency, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser in its 
discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially

--- Page 43 ---
40 
reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the relevant 
Reference Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect 
of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser in its discretion (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion 
(as applicable) determines is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: the relevant Reference Rate  
(i) 
has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it will cease publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that means 
that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences; or  
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions 
of these terms and conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which 
such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that the 
Independent Adviser or (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate (for the avoidance of 
doubt, whether or not such Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body.

--- Page 44 ---
41 
       8.5 
Minimum and/or the maximum amount of interest 
A minimum or a maximum amount or both for the interest mentioned in Condition 8.2 (Floating reference rate 
interest), may be determined in the Final Terms. 
9. Interest period 
Interest period means each period of time, for which the interest is calculated. The first interest period begins 
on the issue date or on any other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms and ends on the following 
interest payment date specified in the Final Terms. Each following interest period begins on the previous 
interest payment date and ends on the following interest payment date. Interest accrues for each interest period 
including the first day of the interest period and excluding the last day of the interest period. 
10. The Day Count Fraction 
The Day Count Fraction applied to the Notes is defined in the Final Terms and it may be: 
(a) 
“Actual/Actual (ICMA)”, where the actual days of the interest period are divided by the 
number which is received by multiplying the actual days of the interest period with the 
amount of interest periods included in a year (possible irregular interest periods form an 
exception); 
(b) 
“Actual/Actual (ISDA)”, where the actual days of the interest period are divided on other 
years than leap years by 365 and on leap years by 366. If the interest period is only 
partially extended to a leap year, the interest period is divided into two parts, to which the 
previously explained principles will be applied and the total amount of interests are 
combined; 
(c) 
“Actual/365”, where the actual days of an interest period are divided by 365;  
(d) 
“Actual/360”, when the actual days of an interest period are divided by 360; 
(e) 
“30E/360” or “Eurobond rule”, where the interest year is combined of 12 30 day months 
(however so, that when the last day of the last interest period is the last day of February, 
February is not changed to a 30 day month), which are divided by 360; or 
(f) 
“30/360”, where the interest year has 360 days and the interest month has 30 days. 
11. Business Day Convention 
The Business Day convention is defined in the Final Terms, according to which the interest payment date will 
be postponed if it is not a Business Day, by choosing one of the following: 
(a) 
“Following”, where the interest payment date is the nearest following Business Day; 
 
(b) 
“Modified Following”, where the interest payment date is the nearest following Business 
Day, except if the following Business Day is in the next calendar month, then the interest 
payment date is the previous Business Day; or 
 
(c) 
“Preceding”, where the interest payment date is the previous Business Day. 
 
The change of the payment date of the interest of a fixed interest note does not affect the amount of interest to 
be paid on the share of the note. 
The change of the payment date a floating rate interest influences the length of the interest period and, by 
implication, the amount of the interest to be paid on the share of the note.  
“Business Day” means a day when

--- Page 45 ---
42 
(a) 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business in Finland and the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express (TARGET 2) System is open, and 
 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant currency. 
12. Payment of interest 
Interest is paid on the days which are defined in the in the Final Terms. The payment is to be paid according to 
legislation regarding the book-entry system and book-entry accounts and according to the rules and decisions 
of Euroclear Finland to the Noteholder, who is entitled to receive the payment according to the book-entry 
account information. 
13. Events of Default 
       13.1 Events of Default relating to Senior Preferred Notes other than Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes 
This Condition 13.1 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes that are not Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes, 
and references to Notes in this Condition 13.1 shall be construed accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 13.1 does not apply to any Covered Bonds, Subordinated Debentures or Senior Preferred MREL 
Eligible Notes.  
If an Event of Default (as defined below) occurs, any Noteholder of the relevant Series of Notes may by a 
written notice to the Issuer declare the principal amount of such Note together with the interest then accrued 
on such Note to be due and payable at the earliest on the 10th day from the date such claim was presented 
provided that an Event of Default exists on the date of receipt of the notice and on the specified early maturity 
date specified in such claim. 
Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default for the purposes of this Condition 13.1 in 
relation to any relevant Series of Notes: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: Any amount of interest on or principal of a Series of Notes has not been 
paid within 7 Business Days from the relevant due date, unless the failure to pay is caused 
by a reason referred to in Condition 17 (Force Majeure). 
 
(b) 
Cross Default: (Any outstanding Indebtedness is declared due or repayable prematurely 
by reason of an event of default (howsoever described); (i) the Issuer fails to make any 
payment in respect of Indebtedness on the relevant due date as extended by any originally 
applicable grace period; (ii) any security given by the Issuer in respect of such 
Indebtedness becomes enforceable by reason of default; (iii) the Issuer defaults in making 
any payment when due (as extended by any applicable grace period) under any guarantee 
in relation to such Indebtedness. However, no Event of Default will occur under (i)-(iii) 
above if the aggregate amount of such payment or Indebtedness is less than ten million 
(10,000,000) euros or its equivalent in foreign currency. 
 
“Indebtedness” means for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, indebtedness 
(whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) in respect of any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities or any borrowed money or any liability 
under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit of the Issuer. 
A Noteholder shall not be entitled to demand repayment under this sub-condition (b) if the Issuer 
has bona fide disputed the existence of the occurrence of an Event of Default under this sub-
condition (b) in the relevant court or in arbitration as long as such dispute has not been finally and 
adversely adjudicated against the Issuer. 
(c) 
Cessation of Business: The Issuer ceases to carry on its current business in its entirety. 
 
(d) 
Winding-up: An order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer.

--- Page 46 ---
43 
(e) 
Insolvency: (i) The Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; 
(ii) the Issuer makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors; or (iii) an application is filed for it being subject to bankruptcy 
or re-organisation proceedings, or for the appointment of an administrator or liquidator 
of any of the Issuer’s assets and such application is not discharged within 45 days. 
 
       13.2 Events of Default relating to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and Subordinated Debentures 
This Condition 13.2 applies only to Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and Subordinated Debentures, and 
references to Notes in this Condition 13.2 shall be construed accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 13.2 does not apply to any Covered Bonds or Senior Preferred Notes that are not Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes.  
Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default for the purposes of this Condition 13.2 in 
relation to any relevant Series of Notes: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: Any amount of interest on or principal of a Series of Notes has not been 
paid within seven (7) Business Days from the relevant due date, unless the failure to pay 
is caused by a reason referred to in Condition 17 (Force Majeure) below. 
(b) 
Winding-up: An order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or 
liquidation of the Issuer (except for the purpose of a merger, reconstruction or 
amalgamation under which the continuing entity effectively assumes the entire 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes) or the Issuer is otherwise declared bankrupt or 
put into liquidation, in each case by a court or agency or supervisory authority in the 
Republic of Finland having jurisdiction in respect of the same. 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes, any holder of a Note may, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law: 
(A) 
in the case of Non-Payment which is continuing, institute such steps, including the 
obtaining of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the 
relevant Notes, as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared 
bankrupt or put into liquidation, in each case in the Republic of Finland and not 
elsewhere, and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer (provided 
that such steps are available under applicable law); and/or 
(B) 
in the case of Winding-up, prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
Issuer, whether in the Republic of Finland or elsewhere and instituted by the Issuer 
itself or by a third party, 
but (in either case) any holder of a Note may claim payment in respect of the Note only in the 
bankruptcy (in Finnish: konkurssi) or liquidation (in Finnish: selvitystila) of the Issuer. 
The Noteholder of any Note may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think 
fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes (other 
than, without prejudice to paragraphs (A) and (B) above, any obligation for the payment of any principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes) provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by 
it, except with the prior approval of the Stability Authority or the FIN-FSA, as applicable. Any refusal by the 
Stability Authority or the FIN-FSA, as applicable, to grant its approval as described above will not constitute 
an Event of Default under the relevant Notes. 
14. Noteholders’ Meeting and Procedure in Writing 
The Issuer may convene a meeting of Noteholders (hereinafter “Noteholders’ Meeting”) or request a 
procedure in writing among the Noteholders (a “Procedure in Writing”) to decide on amendments of these 
General Terms and Conditions or other matters as specified below. Euroclear Finland must be notified of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing by the Issuer in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules.

--- Page 47 ---
44 
Notice of a Noteholders’ Meeting and the initiation of a Procedure in Writing shall be provided to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Noteholders’ 
Meeting or the last day for replies in the Procedure in Writing, and shall include information on the date, place 
and agenda of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day and address for replies in the Procedure in Writing (or 
if the voting is to be made electronically, instructions for such voting) as well as instructions as to any action 
required on the part of a Noteholder to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting or to participate in the Procedure in 
Writing. 
Only those who, according to the register kept by Euroclear Finland in respect of the Notes, were registered as 
Noteholders on the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day for replies in the 
Procedure in Writing on the list of Noteholders to be provided by Euroclear Finland in accordance with 
Condition 21 (Notices), or proxies authorised by such Noteholders, shall, if holding any of the principal amount 
of the relevant Series of Notes at the time of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day for replies in the Procedure 
in Writing, be entitled to vote at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing and shall be recorded 
in the list of the Noteholders present in the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Procedure in Writing.  
The Noteholders’ Meeting must be held in Helsinki and the chairman of the meeting shall be appointed by the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing shall constitute quorum only if two or more persons present 
hold or represent at least fifty (50) per cent or one (1) Noteholder holding one hundred (100) per cent of the 
principal amount of the Series of Notes for the time being outstanding attends the Noteholders’ Meeting or 
provides replies in the Procedure in Writing. 
If, within thirty (30) minutes after the time specified for the start of a Noteholders’ Meeting, a quorum is not 
present, any consideration of the matters to be dealt with at the meeting may, at the request of the Issuer, be 
adjourned for consideration at a meeting to be convened on a date no earlier than fourteen (14) calendar days 
and no later than twenty-eight (28) calendar days after the original meeting, at a place to be determined by the 
Issuer. Correspondingly, if by the last day to reply the Procedure in Writing constitutes no quorum, the time 
for replies may be extended as determined by the Issuer.  
The quorum for an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting or the extended Procedure in Writing will be at least 
twenty-five (25) per cent of the principal amount of the Series of Notes for the time being outstanding. 
Notice of an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing, information regarding the 
extended time for replies, shall be given in the same manner as notice of the original Noteholders’ Meeting or 
the Procedure in Writing. The notice shall also state the requirements for the constitution of a quorum. 
Voting rights of Noteholders shall be determined according to the principal amount of the Notes held.  
The Issuer and any companies belonging to Hypo Group shall not hold voting rights at any Noteholders’ 
Meeting or Procedure in Writing. Resolutions shall be carried by a majority of fifty (50) per cent of the votes 
cast. In the event of a tied vote, the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall have the casting vote. A 
representative of the Issuer and a person authorised to act for the Issuer may attend and speak at a Noteholders’ 
Meeting. 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing is entitled to make the following decisions that are binding 
on all Noteholders: 
(a) 
to change the terms and conditions of the Notes, including to approve any proposal by the 
Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of any of the Final 
Terms or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect 
of the Notes; 
 
(b) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes; 
 
provided, however, that consent of at least seventy-five (75) per cent of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Series of Notes for the time being outstanding is required to:

--- Page 48 ---
45 
(c) 
decrease the principal amount of or interest on Series of Notes;  
 
(d) 
extend the term of Notes; 
 
(e) 
amend the requirements for the constitution of a quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Procedure in Writing; or 
 
(f) 
amend the majority requirements of the Noteholders’ Meeting or Procedure in Writing. 
 
The consents may be given at a Noteholders’ Meeting, in the Procedure in Writing or by other verifiable means 
in writing. 
The Noteholders’ Meeting and the Procedure in Writing may authorise a named person to take necessary action 
to enforce the decisions of the Noteholders’ Meeting or of the Procedure in Writing. 
Resolutions passed at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing shall be binding on all Noteholders 
of the relevant Series of Notes irrespective of whether they have been present at the Noteholders Meeting or 
participated in the Procedure in Writing. A Noteholder is considered to have become aware of a resolution of 
a Noteholders’ Meeting and a Procedure in Writing when a decision has been recorded on the issue account of 
the Notes. In addition, Noteholders are obligated to inform subsequent transferees of Notes of resolutions made 
at a Noteholders’ Meeting and a Procedure in Writing. A Noteholders’ Meeting’s or Procedure in Writing’s 
resolutions must also be informed to Euroclear Finland in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules. For the 
sake of clarity, any resolution at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in a Procedure in Writing, which extends or 
increases the obligations of the Issuer, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer, 
shall be subject to the consent of the Issuer.  
15. Acknowledgement of loss absorption powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or 
understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 15, includes 
each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of any Note, each Noteholder acknowledges, 
accepts and consents that the Notes and any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and 
agrees to be bound by:  
(i) the effect of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority, which 
exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof:  
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes (which may 
be a reduction to zero);  
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral 
on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes;  
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and  
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the term of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and  
(ii) the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Resolution Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority.  
For the purposes of this Condition 15: 
“Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, suspension 
or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Finland, relating to (i) the transposition into

--- Page 49 ---
46 
Finnish law of BRRD as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards 
created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other 
person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest thereon and any additional or other amounts whatsoever accrued or due or which would 
otherwise be payable on or in respect of the Notes. References to such amounts will include (but not be limited 
to) amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority; and 
“Resolution Authority” means the Stability Authority and/or any other resolution authority with the ability to 
exercise any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer or any Notes. 
16. Repurchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or cancelled. However, Subordinated Debentures and Senior 
Preferred MREL Eligible Notes may only be repurchased subject (to the extent applicable) to the Conditions 
to Redemption set out in Condition 4.7 (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase). Any refusal by the FIN-
FSA or the Stability Authority, as applicable, to grant its approval will not constitute an event of default under 
the Subordinated Debentures or the Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes. 
17. Force majeure 
Neither the Issuer, the subscription place, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent nor the account operator is 
responsible for any damage arising out of:  
(a) 
an act of an authority, war or threat of war, revolt, civil disturbance, or any act of terror 
or any pandemic or global disease; 
 
(b) 
disturbance in postal or telephone traffic, electronic communication, or supply of 
electricity that is beyond the control of and that has an essential impact on the operations 
of the Issuer, other subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator; 
 
(c) 
interruption or delay of action or measure of the Issuer, other subscription place, the 
Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator that is caused by fire of equivalent accident; 
 
(d) 
strike or other industrial action which has an essential impact to the operations of the 
Issuer, other subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the account operator, even 
when it only concerns a part of the personnel of the above-mentioned entities and 
irrespective of whether the above-mentioned entities are involved in it or not;  
 
(e) 
an act of God (such as, but not limited to, fires, explosions, earthquakes, drought, tidal 
waves and floods); or 
 
(f) 
other equivalent force majeure or any similar reason that causes unreasonable difficulty 
for the operations of the Issuer, other subscription place, the Issuer/Paying Agent or the 
account operator. 
 
18. Statute of limitations 
If a payment due and payable has not been demanded to be paid within three (3) years of its due date, the right 
to receive payment has lapsed. 
19. Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of and notice to the Noteholders, create and issue further 
notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in respects except for the first 
payment of interest on them, the issue price and/or the minimum subscription amount thereof) so as to form a

--- Page 50 ---
47 
single series with the Notes of such Series or otherwise provided that the date on which the Notes become 
fungible is set out in the Final Terms of such further notes.  
20. Substitution and variation 
This Condition 20 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Subordinated 
Debentures or Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes and references to Notes in this Condition 20 shall be 
construed accordingly. 
If substitution and variation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at any time following the 
occurrence of a Capital Event, an MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event or to ensure the effectiveness 
or enforceability of Condition 15 (Acknowledgement of loss absorption powers), the Issuer may, subject to the 
Applicable Banking Regulations and (to the extent applicable) it has been granted the permission of the FIN-
FSA (in the case of Subordinated Debentures) or the Stability Authority (in the case of the Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes or the Subordinated Debentures (to the extent that such Subordinated Debentures have 
ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as tier 2 capital)) (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 21 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time, either: 
(a) 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for new Notes, which are 
Qualifying Securities, or 
 
(b) 
vary the terms of the relevant Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Securities, 
 
provided that, in each case, (i) such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer 
to redeem the varied or substituted securities and (ii) such variation or substitution would not itself directly 
lead to a downgrade in any of the credit ratings (if any) of the relevant Notes as assigned to such Notes by any 
credit rating agency immediately prior to such variation or substitution (unless any such downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15 (Acknowledgement of loss absorption 
powers)) and (iii) such variation or substitution is not materially less favourable to holders (unless any such 
prejudice is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 15 (Acknowledgement of 
loss absorption powers)). For the avoidance of doubt, any such substitution or variation shall not be deemed 
to be a modification or amendment for the purposes of Condition 14 (Noteholders’ Meeting and Procedure in 
Writing). 
Any refusal by the FIN-FSA (in the case of Subordinated Debentures) or the Stability Authority (in the case of 
Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes or Subordinated Debentures (to the extent that such Subordinated 
Debentures have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as tier 2 capital)) to grant its approval as described 
above will not constitute an event of default under the terms and conditions of any Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20: 
A variation or substitution shall be “materially less favourable to Noteholders” if such varied or substituted 
securities do not: 
(i) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the relevant Notes pursuant to paragraph (a) of 
Condition 1 or paragraph (b) of Condition 1, as applicable; 
 
(ii) 
have the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time to time 
applying to the relevant Notes; 
 
(iii) 
have equivalent redemption rights as the relevant Notes; 
 
(iv) 
have the same currency of payment, maturity, denomination and original aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount as the relevant Notes prior to such variation or substitution;

--- Page 51 ---
48 
(v) 
preserve any existing rights under the relevant Notes to any accrued interest which has not 
been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last preceding 
the date of substitution or variation; or 
 
(vi) 
have a listing on a recognised stock exchange if the relevant Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution; and 
 
“Qualifying Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that contain terms which 
at such time result in such securities being eligible to qualify towards the Issuer’s and/or the Hypo Group’s 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements of the Issuer (in the case of Senior Preferred 
MREL Eligible Notes or Subordinated Debentures (to the extent that such Subordinated Debentures have 
ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as tier 2 capital)) or tier 2 capital (in the case of Subordinated 
Debentures), in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant Applicable Banking 
Regulations, (in the case of a variation or substitution due to Capital Event, an MREL Disqualification Event 
or a Tax Event ) to at least the same extent as the Notes prior to the relevant Capital Event, MREL 
Disqualification Event or Tax Event. 
21. Notices 
Noteholders shall be advised of matters relating to the Notes by a stock-exchange release, a notice published 
on the official website of the Issuer or a notice published in Helsingin Sanomat or any other major Finnish 
national daily newspaper selected by the Issuer. The Issuer may deliver notices on the Notes in writing directly 
to the Noteholders at the address appearing on the list of the Noteholders provided by Euroclear Finland in 
accordance with the below paragraph (or e.g. through Euroclear Finland’s book-entry system or account 
operators of the book-entry system). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been received by the Noteholders 
when published in the manner specified in this Condition 21. Any disclosures required by the Market Abuse 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (“MAR”) shall be made by means of a stock exchange release. 
The address for notices to the Issuer is as follows: 
The Mortgage Society of Finland  
P.O. Box 509, 00101 Helsinki, Finland 
22. Other provisions 
The Issuer is entitled to, without the consent of a Noteholders’ Meeting or Procedure in Writing under 
Condition 14 (Noteholders’ Meeting and Procedure in Writing) of these General Terms and Conditions, make 
appropriate changes to the Final Terms if such changes do not weaken the position of the Noteholders. The 
Issuer must notify the Noteholders of the amendments to the Notes in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices). 
Such changes may be for example: 
(a) 
changes resulting from the development of the book-entry system; or 
 
(b) 
correcting minor typing errors. 
 
23. Right to receive knowledge 
Notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, the Issuer shall, subject to the Euroclear Finland Rules and applicable 
laws, be entitled to obtain information of the Noteholders from Euroclear Finland and Euroclear Finland shall 
be entitled to provide such information to the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, subject to the Euroclear 
Finland Rules and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the Noteholders and 
the Issuer may pass on such information to the Issuer Agent. Further, the Issuer may provide the FIN-FSA or 
the Stability Authority with the information of the Noteholders, if required by applicable laws. 
24 Applicable law and jurisdiction 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, are governed by, and 
will be construed in accordance with, Finnish law.

--- Page 52 ---
49 
Any disputes relating to the Notes shall be settled in the first instance at the District Court of Helsinki (in 
Finnish: Helsingin käräjäoikeus).

--- Page 53 ---
50 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Mortgage Society of Finland 
EUR [●] [Senior Preferred Notes / Subordinated Debentures / Covered Bonds] Due [●] 
under the EUR 2,500,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of  
Senior Preferred Notes, Subordinated Debentures and Covered Bonds 
Terms and Conditions 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in point 
e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate [and (iii) the negative target market for the Notes is clients 
that seek full capital protection or full repayment of the amount invested, are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or 
need a fully guaranteed income or fully predictable return profile]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the Lead Manager(s) target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the Lead Manager(s) target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); or (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)/distributor] 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 54 ---
51 
These Final Terms have been drawn in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and they are to be 
read together with the Base Prospectus regarding programme for the Issuance of Notes by the Mortgage Society of Finland 
(the “Issuer”) dated [●] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●] and [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”) (the “Programme”). 
Unless otherwise stated in these Final Terms, the General Terms and Conditions of the Programme shall apply. 
The complete information regarding the Issuer and the Notes may be found in the Base Prospectus, including documents 
incorporated into it by reference, and in these Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus [, the supplement[s] dated [●] and [●]] and the Final Terms are available at the web page of The 
Mortgage Society of Finland at http://www.hypo.fi/en/investor-relations/ and at request from The Mortgage Society of 
Finland or at the subscription places mentioned in the Final Terms. 
[EVEN THOUGH THE AMOUNT TO BE REPAID IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE NOTES IS THE NOMINAL VALUE OF THE NOTES, THE INVESTOR MAY LOSE PART OF THE 
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, IF THE NOTES ARE SUBSCRIBED ABOVE NOMINAL VALUE AND THE AMOUNT 
OF THE SUBSCRIPTION FEE, IF APPLICABLE.] 
Name and number of the Series of Notes: 
[●] 
Tranche number: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
Status of the Notes: 
[Covered Bonds][Senior Preferred Notes][Subordinated 
Debentures] 
Type of Senior Preferred Notes: 
[Not applicable/Not Senior Preferred MREL Eligible 
Notes/Senior Preferred MREL Eligible Notes] 
[Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the Tranche [ ] on [insert date]] 
 
Lead Manager(s): 
[Name and Address] 
Subscription place(s) of this Series of Notes: 
[Name and Address / Not applicable] 
Issuer Agent and Paying Agent: 
[Name and Address] 
Calculation Agent: 
[Name and Address] / [The Issuer acts as the calculation 
agent] 
Interests 
of 
the 
Arranger/Lead 
Manager(s)/other 
subscription place/other parties taking part in the issue: 
[The customary sector connected commercial interest / 
possible other interest]  
Principal and currency of the Notes: 
[EUR] [●] / [EUR] [●]. Final Principal is to be confirmed 
by the Issuer] 
Number of book-entry units: 
[●] 
Form of the Notes: 
Book-entry securities of Euroclear Finland’s Infinity 
book-entry security system 
Denomination of book-entry unit: 
[●] 
The minimum amount of Notes to be offered for 
subscription: 
 
[●]/ [Not applicable]  
Subscription fee: 
[The Lead Manager(s) [and potential other subscription 
places] do not charge the costs related to issuing the Notes

--- Page 55 ---
52 
from the Noteholders / [●] charges [●] from the 
Noteholders as a cost related to offering the Notes] 
Payment of subscription: 
[Subscriptions shall be paid for as instructed in connection 
with the subscription] / [The subscription shall be paid at 
the time of the subscription] 
Issue date:  
[●] 
Issue price: 
[The issue price is fixed: [●]] / [The issue price is floating 
and will not exceed [●]] 
Amount and manner of redemption: 
The nominal amount of principal of the Note 
[The Notes will be repaid in one instalment.] [The Notes 
will be repaid in several instalments [define the amounts 
of the instalments].] 
Substitution and variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
i) 
[Optional Redemption Date(s):] 
[●] 
ii) [Optional Redemption Amount:] 
[●]  
iii) [If redeemable in part: 
 
a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
b) Maximum Redemption Amount:] 
[●] 
iv) [Notice periods:] 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
Maturity Date:  
[●] 
Extended Final Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Extended Final Maturity Date:] 
[Insert Extended Final Maturity Date] 
[In accordance with Condition 4, if the Issuer applies for 
the approval of the FIN-FSA at the latest on the fifth (5th) 
Business Day before the Maturity Date that the Maturity 
Date of the Notes and the date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be due and repayable should be extended by 
the FIN-FSA up to but no later than the Extended Final 
Maturity Date due to the reason that (i) the Issuer is unable 
to obtain long-term financing from ordinary sources, (ii) 
the Issuer is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set 
out in the Covered Bond Act if it makes payments towards 
the principal and interest of the maturing Covered Bonds 
and that the extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds 
does not affect the sequence in which the Issuer’s Covered 
Bonds from the same Cover Asset Pool are maturing, and 
if the FIN-FSA determines that the conditions for 
extension of the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds have

--- Page 56 ---
53 
been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, the 
resolution of the FIN-FSA shall confirm the extended 
Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds and the date on 
which the Covered Bonds will then be due and repayable. 
In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, all in accordance with Condition 4.2.] 
Interest: 
[Define here, if the Notes are so-called zero-coupon 
Notes, or which general note terms, either Condition 8.1 
(Fixed interest rate) or Condition 8.2 (Floating reference 
interest rate), is applied and include required details as 
follows:] 
[Condition 8.1 (Fixed interest rate):] 
[Interest rate] [●] 
[The date when the first interest period starts, if not the 
same as the issue date] 
[Interest payment date(s): [●] each year commencing on 
[●] until the Maturity] 
[Condition 8.2 (Floating reference interest rate):] 
[EURIBOR] [OTHER: STIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR] of [●] 
months 
[Margin] [●] 
[Regarding OTHER: for each interest period the OTHER 
interest will be defined two (2) [●] Business Days before 
the start of the interest period in question.] 
[The date when the first interest period starts, if not the 
same as the issue date] 
[Interest payment date(s): [●] each year commencing on 
[●] until the Maturity] 
Reset Note provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
i) 
[Initial Rate of Interest:] 
[[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
ii) 
[First Margin:] 
[[±][●] per cent. per annum] 
iii) 
[Subsequent Margin:] 
[[±][●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
iv) 
[Interest Commencement Date:] 
[●] 
v) 
[Interest Payment Date(s):] 
[[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment in 
accordance with item x]]

--- Page 57 ---
54 
vi) 
[First Reset Date:] 
[●] [subject to adjustment in accordance with item x] 
vii) 
[Second Reset Date:] 
[Not Applicable /] [●] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with item x] 
viii) 
[First Reset Rate of Interest:] 
[●] 
ix) 
[Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest:] 
[Not Applicable /] [either (A) an annual fixed interest rate 
or (B) the sum of the First Margin or Subsequent Margin 
(as applicable) and the Floating Reference Rate for the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Period] 
x) 
[Subsequent Reset Period:] 
[Not Applicable /] [●] 
xi) 
[Subsequent Reset Date(s):] 
[Not Applicable /] [●] [and [●]]  
xii) 
[Floating Reference Rate:] 
[●] 
xiii) 
[Relevant Screen Page:] 
[●] 
xiv) 
[Day Count Fraction:] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360]  
xv) 
[Other terms relating to Reset Notes:] 
[Not Applicable /] [●] 
Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360]  
Minimum/maximum amount of interest: 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
Business Day convention: 
[Following 
/ 
Modified 
Following 
/ 
Preceding], 
[adjusted]/[unadjusted] 
Business Day: 
Helsinki and [TARGET 2 / insert financial centre of the 
currency] 
Delivery of book-entry securities: 
The time when the book-entry securities are recorded in 
the book-entry security accounts specified by the 
subscribers is estimated to be [●] 
Relevant benchmarks: 
[[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] is provided 
by [administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark 
Regulation] ]/[Not Applicable] 
LEI code of the Issuer: 
5493009ZDBVG2CO1O689 
ISIN code of the Series of the Notes: 
[●] 
Extended Final Maturity Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable (from and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date / Not 
Applicable] 
a) Fixed Rate Provisions: 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs)

--- Page 58 ---
55 
 
i) 
[Rate of interest:] 
ii) 
[Interest Payment Dates:] 
iii) 
[Day Count Fraction:] 
 
iv) 
[Minimum/maximum amount of interest:] 
 
v) 
[Business Day Convention:] 
 
 
b) Floating Rate Provisions: 
 
i) 
[Rate of interest:] 
 
 
 
 
 
ii) 
[Interest Payment Dates:] 
iii) 
[Day Count Fraction:] 
iv) 
[Minimum/maximum amount of interest:] 
v) 
[Business Day Convention:] 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
[●] day of each month, commencing on [●]  
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360]] 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding], [adjusted] 
/ [unadjusted] 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs) 
[EURIBOR] [OTHER: STIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR] [of [●] 
months] 
[Margin [●]] 
[Regarding OTHER: for each interest period the OTHER 
interest will be defined two (2) [●] Business Days before 
the start of the interest period in question.] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[[Actual/Actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360] / [Not applicable]] 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, define 
minimum/maximum amount] 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding], [adjusted] 
/ [unadjusted] 
 
Other Information 
This information of the Tranche of the Notes is presented in connection with the issue of each Tranche of Notes. 
 
Decisions and authority based on which Notes are issued: 
[Based on the authorisation dates [●] of the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors / Based on the resolution of the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors dated on [●]] 
Subscription period: 
[●] 
Condition for executing the issue: 
[●] / [Not applicable]

--- Page 59 ---
56 
Yield: 
[The effective interest yield to the investor on the issue 
date, when the issue price is 100 per cent, is [●] per cent / 
[zero coupon]] / [Not applicable] 
An estimate of the principal accruing to the Issuer under 
the Notes: 
[●] per cent of the principal of the Notes, at maximum.  
Estimated total expenses [in relation to admission to 
trading]: 
[●] 
Credit rating of the Notes: 
 [●]  / [Not applicable] / [The Notes are expected to be 
rated [●] by [●] ] 
Listing: 
[Shall] / [Shall not] be applied for listing on the Helsinki 
Stock Exchange] 
Estimated time of listing: 
[●]/ [Not applicable] 
Use of proceeds: 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit.]  
[The Issuer will apply the net proceeds from this offer of 
Notes specifically for financing or re-financing housing 
company mortgages used for investments that promote 
climate-friendly housing solutions, such as increased 
energy efficiency investments in commercial and 
residential buildings (“Green Mortgage Projects”).]1  
 
 
In Helsinki, on [date] 
 
THE MORTGAGE SOCIETY OF FINLAND 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Delete this paragraph unless the Notes are intended to constitute ”Green Bonds”.

--- Page 60 ---
57 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, which 
include making a profit, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds from an offer of the 
Notes specifically for Green Mortgage Projects. Such Notes may also be referred to as “Green Bonds”. The relevant 
Green Mortgage Projects to be funded or re-financed will be described in the Issuer’s internal policies and/or frameworks 
from time to time, available at http://www.hypo.fi/en/investor-relations/, and include, inter alia, financing or re-financing 
housing company mortgages used for investments that promote climate-friendly housing solutions, such as increased 
energy efficiency investments in commercial and residential buildings. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has 
not published any framework, such as a green bond framework, in relation to the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds.

--- Page 61 ---
58 
FINNISH COVERED BOND ACT 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the CBA, through which the Covered Bond Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 is implemented. The CBA repealed the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity on 8 July 2022. In 
addition, the summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Finnish legislative 
and regulatory framework for covered notes under the CBA. Please also refer to the “Risk Factors”. The terms defined 
in this section apply in the context of this section only.  
 
Background 
In November 2019, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the “Covered Bond Directive”) and the Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019. The Covered Bond Directive and the 
aforementioned regulation came into effect on 7 January 2020. The Covered Bond Directive aims to provide for a common 
definition of Covered Bonds in the EU, defining the structural features of the instrument and identifying those high quality 
assets that can be considered eligible in the pool backing the debt obligations. The Covered Bond Directive also aims to 
establish a sound special public supervision for Covered Bonds and sets out the rules allowing the use of the ‘European 
Covered Bonds’ label. 
 
In Finland, the CBA started to apply on 8 July 2022, repealing the MCBA.  
 
Similarly to the MCBA, the CBA enables the issue of covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat) which are debt 
instruments secured by the Cover Asset Pool. The CBA regulates which assets can be used as collateral for the covered 
notes and the quality of such assets. They are issued by credit institutions (such as the Issuer) which are authorised to 
engage in mortgage banking activity (in Finnish: kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each an issuer). 
 
Supervision 
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the CBA and may issue regulations for risk 
management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit business operations. If an issuer does not comply with the 
provisions of the CBA or the conditions of the license granted by the FIN-FSA, the FIN-FSA shall lay down a period in 
which the issuer must fulfil any requirements set by the FIN-FSA. If such requirements are not fulfilled within the set 
period, the FIN-FSA may cancel the issuer’s authorisation to engage in mortgage credit business. 
 
Authorisation under the CBA  
The issuing of covered notes under the CBA requires that the issuer has a separate license for mortgage banking activity 
which is applied from the FIN-FSA. Issuers authorised under the MCBA were required to apply for the license under the 
CBA by 31 March 2022. Mortgage credit business is a line of banking business which involves the issuing of covered 
notes on the basis of loans secured by residential property, shares in Finnish housing companies (apartments), commercial 
real estate or shares in real estate companies as well as the acquisition of claims against public-sector bodies. A credit 
institution must fulfil certain requirements prescribed in the CBA in order to be able to obtain authorisation from the FIN-
FSA to engage in mortgage credit business. The FIN-FSA shall grant the authorisation, if, based on the evidence obtained 
from the credit institution, it can be assured of, among other things, that the business plan presented by the issuer is 
sufficiently comprehensive, that the credit institution has in place suitable procedures and instruments for managing the 
risk entailed in holding the assets in the Cover Asset Pool(s), that mortgage banking activity is being conducted in 
accordance with the CBA and the regulations given by virtue of it, and that the activity of the credit institution is stable 
and that its economic position and operational capability are sufficient to secure the repayment of covered notes. 
Moreover, the FIN-FSA shall be assured that the register of covered notes of the issuer fulfils the statutory requirements, 
and the issuer must have principles and policies for valuation of collateral and the expertise and professional skill required 
by mortgage banking activity. Additionally, the FIN-FSA may grant the authorisation only if it is not aware of anything, 
pursuant to which the liquidity, solvency, or the economic position otherwise or the risk management of the issuer or the 
debtor of an intermediary loan would be jeopardised. In addition to credit institutions authorised separately to engage in 
mortgage credit business, also mortgage credit banks whose activities are exclusively restricted to carrying out mortgage 
credit business are entitled to issue covered notes after receiving the authorisation referred to in Section 8 of the CBA.

--- Page 62 ---
59 
Register for Covered Bonds 
The CBA requires the issuer to maintain a register (the “Register for Covered Bonds”) for the covered notes and the 
collateral which forms the assets in the Cover Asset Pool for the Covered Bonds. Any intermediary loan shall also be 
entered in the Register for Covered Bonds. The actual entry of the covered notes and relevant derivative contracts in the 
Register for Covered Bonds is necessary to confer the preferential right in the Cover Asset Pool. Further, only assets 
entered into the Register for Covered Bonds form part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
The Register for Covered Bonds must list, amongst other things, the covered notes issued by the issuer and the assets in 
the Cover Asset Pool and Derivative Transactions relating thereto along with any Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered 
into on behalf of the issuer. Furthermore, as the issuer is, pursuant to Section 29 of the CBA, entitled to use different 
Cover Asset Pools for different covered notes, the Register for Covered Bonds must also specify which Cover Asset Pools 
constitute collateral for which covered notes. In other words, the collateral shall be entered in the Register for Covered 
Bonds as collateral for specified covered notes. Only the issuer or the credit institution being the debtor of an intermediary 
loan is entitled to provide security to a covered note. Moreover, after the commencement of a bankruptcy or a liquidation 
of the issuer or the debtor of an intermediary loan, the funds accrued on the collateral shall be separated from other assets 
of the credit institution having given the collateral in question, and they shall be entered into the Register for Covered 
Bonds.  
The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the Register for Covered Bonds, including the due and proper recording of 
assets. The information in the Register for Covered Bonds must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
The covered notes shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets, the Cover Asset Pool. Eligible 
assets which are permitted as collateral for covered notes consist of Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute 
Collateral, each as defined in the CBA as follows: 
Mortgage Loans are Housing Loans or Commercial Real Estate Loans. 
Housing Loans are, provided that the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR are met, loans secured by (i) 
mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of 
the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares in a housing company referred to in Chapter 1, 
Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies (Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as amended) or shares 
comparable thereto, participations and rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, 
situated in another State belonging to the European Economic Area. 
Commercial Real Estate Loans are, provided that the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR are met, loans 
secured by (i) mortgageable real estate for commercial or office purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 
19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code; or (ii) shares of a housing company or a real estate company referred to in Chapter 
28, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies entitling the holder to occupancy of the commercial or office 
premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the 
European Economic Area. For the avoidance of doubt, Hypo does not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans that would be 
part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
Public-Sector Loans are loans (i) which have been granted to a state, municipality, central bank or other public-sector 
entity provided that such fulfils the requirements prescribed in Article 129, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph (a) or (b) of CRR 
or (ii) fully collateralised by a guarantee as for its own debt by a public-sector entity referred to in point (i).  
At most 10 per cent of the total nominal amount of collateral in a Cover Asset Pool may consist of Commercial Real 
Estate Loans (unless otherwise agreed in the terms and conditions of the notes) and at most 20 per cent of the total nominal 
amount of collateral in a Cover Asset Pool may consist of Substitute Collateral. The FIN-FSA may grant an exemption 
from the requirement in respect of Substitute Collateral. 
Substitute Collateral may only be used for fulfilling the liquidity requirement and as collateral for covered notes on a 
temporary basis and in the circumstances set out in the CBA (see “Substitute Collateral” below).  
Derivative Transactions concluded for hedging against risks related to covered notes must be registered in the Register 
for Covered Bonds and therefore constitute part of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool.

--- Page 63 ---
60 
Quality of the cover pool assets 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
It is not possible to directly record collateral for an individual covered note. Pursuant to the CBA, collateral shall be 
included in a Cover Asset Pool and each covered note can simultaneously only belong to one Cover Asset Pool. However, 
an issuer is entitled to cover several covered notes with one Cover Asset Pool.  
A Mortgage Loan entered into the Cover Asset Pool as collateral for a covered note may not exceed the current value of 
the shares, housing property or commercial real estate standing as collateral at the time of recording the asset into the 
Cover Asset Pool. The current value shall be calculated using good property evaluation practice applicable to credit 
institutions in accordance with provisions on the management of capital adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions 
issued by the FIN-FSA. Pursuant to Section 16 of the CBA, the Issuer must also make sure that the risks of damages 
related to the mortgage loans included in the Cover Asset Pool are properly insured. The insurance cover is used in the 
Cover Asset Pool for the Covered Bonds (“Insurance Compensation”). The issuer is not obliged to remove a Mortgage 
Loan from the Cover Asset Pool of a specific covered note due to the collateral’s future performance under the CBA. 
Pursuant to the preparatory works of the CBA, if the issuer technically executes the evaluation of the whole Cover Asset 
Pool on a regular basis, the decisive point of time is considered to be the moment when the collateral was first technically 
recorded in the Cover Asset Pool. 
Requirements for matching cover 
The CBA seeks to protect covered noteholders by requiring that the outstanding principal amount and net present value 
of the covered notes must be covered at all times by matching assets in the Cover Asset Pool. This is achieved by Section 
24 of the CBA which provides that (a) the total value of Cover Asset Pool must always exceed the liabilities under the 
covered notes and (b) the net present value of Cover Asset Pool must always be at least 2 per cent above the net present 
value of the liabilities under the covered notes. Moreover, if the requirements prescribed in Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, 
Subparagraph 3 of CRR are not fulfilled, the net present value of Cover Asset Pool must be at least 5 per cent above the 
net present value of the liabilities. The net present value shall also cover the estimated costs in relation winding-down of 
the covered notes. In calculating the total value of the Cover Asset Pool, the following limitations apply: 
1) the unpaid capital amount of any Housing Loan not exceeding 80 per cent of the current value of the shares or 
housing property placed as collateral for any Housing Loan; 
2) an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office purposes placed 
as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
3) the principal of the Substitute Collateral may be taken into account. 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Under Section 31 of the CBA, the issuer shall ensure that the Cover Asset Pool continuously includes such amount of 
Substitute Collateral that covers the maximum net outflow connected to covered notes during the upcoming 180-day 
period (liquidity requirement). In calculating the net outflow connected to the covered notes, the issuer may take into 
account the extension of the maturity of any covered notes in accordance with Section 32 of the CBA up to the final 
maturity date. Before the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer or a debtor of an 
intermediary loan, a mortgage credit bank may, in respect of collateral granted by a debtor of an intermediary loan, treat 
the interest payments on the intermediary loans as being the interest accrued from such collateral.  
Determination of requirements under Sections 23 and 31 of the CBA 
To determine the value of the Cover Asset Pool in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 23 and 31 of 
the CBA, the issuer shall only take into account: 
(1) 
the unpaid capital amount of any Housing Loan not exceeding 80 per cent of the current value of the shares or 
housing property placed as collateral for any Housing Loan; 
(2) 
an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office purposes placed 
as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
(3) 
the principal of the Substitute Collateral.

--- Page 64 ---
61 
Derivative Transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered notes and any assets provided as collateral for the 
Derivative Transaction shall be taken into account for the purposes of Sections 23 and 31 of the CBA. 
Substitute Collateral 
Up to 20 per cent of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the covered notes conferred 
by the CBA may temporarily consist of Substitute Collateral. However, in case Substitute Collateral is used to fulfil the 
liquidity requirement, the limit of 20 per cent of Substitute Collateral does not apply pursuant to Section 22 of the CBA. 
Substitute Collateral may include: (a) assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable 
delegated regulation adopted pursuant to Article 460 of CRR; and (b) short-term exposures to credit institutions that 
qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or short-term deposits to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 
3, in accordance with point (c) of Article 129(1) of CRR. However, Substitute Collateral may not include assets that are 
issued by the credit institution issuing the Covered Bonds itself, its parent undertaking, other than a public sector entity 
that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or by a securitisation special 
purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links. The use of Substitute Collateral is regarded as temporary 
provided that (i) Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans have not yet been granted or registered as collateral for the 
covered notes; or (ii) the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the requirements set out in Chapter 4 of the CBA. The 
instruments included in Substitute Collateral shall fulfil the requirements prescribed in Article 129 of CRR both 
individually and as a whole, among other limitations set on the aggregated amount of credit institution and public sector 
counterparty risks. 
Extension of maturity (soft bullet) 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the CBA, the terms and conditions of a covered note may include a provision that enables the 
issuer to extend the maturity of a covered note subject to certain conditions, including the approval of the FIN-FSA. In 
addition, the conditions for extension of maturity include, among others, that the issuer is unable to obtain long-term 
financing from ordinary sources, the issuer is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the CBA if it makes 
payments towards the principal and interest of the maturing covered note and that the extension of maturity does not 
affect the sequence in which the issuer’s covered notes from the same Cover Asset Pool are maturing. If the FIN-FSA 
determines that the conditions for extension have been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, its resolution 
shall confirm the extended final maturity date of such covered notes applied for by the Issuer, which shall be a date on or 
before the final extended maturity date specified in the terms and conditions. 
Transitory provisions 
Pursuant to Section 51 of the CBA, any covered notes issued in accordance with the MCBA will be governed by the 
provisions effect on the issue date of such covered notes save for certain exceptions set out in Sections 9 and 36 of the 
CBA. However, an issuer may choose to apply the provisions of the CBA also in respect of such covered notes if: 
1) the terms and conditions of the covered notes provide that the instruments are governed by the laws applicable 
from time to time to covered notes; 
2) the terms and conditions of the covered notes allow a change in the applicable law; or 
3) the issuer and the holders of the covered notes specifically agree that the CBA applies to such covered notes. 
In case an issuer commences to apply the CBA to any covered notes issued in accordance with the MCBA, it must give 
one-month prior notice to the FIN-FSA and make an announcement thereto including the date on which the issuer 
commences application of the CBA to such covered notes.  
Pursuant to Section 51, Subsection 3 of the CBA, the principal of any covered bonds issued during the MCBA can be 
increased through a further issue (tap issue) when the following requirements are met: 
1) the tap issue is carried out during the first two years after the CBA has come into force; 
2) the covered bonds have been granted an ISIN code before 8 July 2022; 
3) the covered bonds mature before 8 July 2027; 
4) the tap issues carried out after the CBA has come into force do not exceed by twofold the principal of the covered 
bonds when the CBA started to apply; 
5) the principal of the covered bonds calculated in respect of maturity does not exceed 6 billion; and

--- Page 65 ---
62 
6) the real property being collateral for the credit receivables of the covered bonds is located in Finland. 
Derivatives 
The issuer may enter into Derivative Transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered notes or their underlying 
collateral. Details of any such derivatives must be entered in the Register for Covered Bonds. 
Set-off 
A creditor of the issuer may not set-off its claim against a Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan entered in the Register 
for Covered Bonds if it is within the scope of the priority of payment of the holders of covered notes as provided for in 
Section 35 of the CBA nor against an intermediary loan.  
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign or pledge 
Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans which are included in the Cover Asset Pool. A mortgage credit bank may not 
assign or pledge any intermediary loan without the permission of the FIN-FSA. An assignment or pledge violating such 
prohibition shall be void. 
A Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral entered in the Register for Covered Bonds as 
collateral for a covered note or an intermediary loan may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit bank 
or a credit institution nor may precautionary measures be directed at it. 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
Under Finnish law, “selvitystila” (or liquidation in English) means either a voluntary winding up of a company or a 
winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law and “konkurssi” (or bankruptcy in English) means the 
mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency. 
Under Sections 20 and 39 of the CBA, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered note shall 
be paid until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered note from the funds accruing on the 
Cover Asset Pool of the covered note before other claims. The same applies to Derivatives Transactions. The funds 
accruing from collateral for covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the 
issuer shall be entered in the Register for Covered Bonds as collateral for such covered notes. In bankruptcy proceedings 
the bankruptcy administrator must ensure due maintenance of the Register for Covered Bonds. Under Section 43 of the 
CBA, the bankruptcy administrator in bankruptcy or the liquidator in liquidation have the right, upon demand or approval 
of the supervisor (defined below), to seek for permission to extend the maturity of the Covered Bond if the terms and 
conditions provide the possibility for extension of maturity in accordance with Section 32 explained above. 
Collateral entered in the Register for Covered Bonds in accordance with the CBA may not be recovered pursuant to the 
Finnish Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (in Finnish: Laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipesään 758/1991, 
as amended) (the “Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate”). 
Pursuant to Section 20 of the CBA, Mortgage Loans are included in the Cover Asset Pool for a covered note for their 
total value. 
What is set out above in respect of Section 20 of the CBA applies mutatis mutandis to the counterparties of the Derivative 
Transactions entered in the Cover Asset Pool and to the providers of any loan securing liquidity for the issuer in liquidation 
or bankruptcy (each such loan being a “Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan”). These parties have an equal right with the holders 
of the covered notes to payment from the funds, entered in the Register for Covered Bonds as collateral for the covered 
notes, and from the payments relating to them, and accordingly, such Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans rank pari passu with the covered notes with respect to such assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA 
(see “ – Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer”), transfer collateral entered 
in the Cover Asset Pool of the relevant covered notes to the issuer’s general bankruptcy estate, if the value and the net 
present value of the Cover Asset Pool, as provided for in Section 45 of the CBA, considerably exceed the total amount of 
the covered notes and it is apparent that the collateral to be transferred shall not be necessary to fulfil the obligations in 
respect of the covered notes, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans.

--- Page 66 ---
63 
Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
When the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, appoint a 
supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority (Laki 
finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008, as amended) (the “Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority”) to protect the interests 
of creditors of covered notes and creditor entities comparable to such and to enforce their right to be heard (a supervisor). 
The supervisor shall, in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for the covered notes and their conversion 
into cash as well as the contractual payments to be made to the holders of the covered notes. The person to be appointed 
as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge of financing and legal issues with regard to the nature and scope of the 
duties. The remuneration of the supervisor shall be decided by the FIN-FSA, and the issuer is responsible for the payment 
of the remuneration. The payment of the remuneration is secured by the Cover Asset Pool(s). Should the FIN-FSA pay 
the remuneration on behalf of the issuer, the right to claim payment of the remuneration would be transferred to the FIN-
FSA and the corresponding priority in respect of the Cover Asset Pool would be preserved. The FIN-FSA shall always 
take steps to appoint an administrator, when the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings.  
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to administer the 
bankruptcy estate. The Cover Asset Pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the supervisor will supervise 
the bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the noteholders. Under Section 44 of the CBA, a bankruptcy 
administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, conclude Derivative Transactions necessary 
for hedging against risks relating to covered notes and the relevant collateral as well as, where necessary, sell a sufficient 
amount of collateral for the covered note in order to fulfil the obligations relating to the covered note. In addition, a 
bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to conclude contractual 
arrangements to secure liquidity or take out Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Funds which accrue on the collateral of covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in the Register for Covered Bonds under 
the relevant Cover Asset Pool. Correspondingly, a Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan taken under Section 44 of the CBA and 
each bank account into which any such funds are deposited shall be entered in the Register for Covered Bonds. 
If the matching cover requirements of the collateral of a covered note cannot be fulfilled due to the issuer or the debtor of 
an intermediary loan being in bankruptcy or liquidation, the bankruptcy administrator and the liquidator in liquidation 
shall, on the demand or approval of the supervisor, accelerate the covered notes and the intermediary loans connected 
thereto as well as sell the funds being collateral for each covered note for their payment. The bankruptcy administrator or 
the liquidator in liquidation is entitled, upon demand or approval by the supervisor, to apply from the FIN-FSA for a 
permission to extend the maturity of a covered note, if the covered note includes a condition referred to in Section 32 of 
the CBA, pursuant to which the issuer can, on the permission granted by the FIN-FSA, extend the maturity of the covered 
note upon fulfilment of the conditions included in Section 32 of the CBA. 
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a Derivative Transaction to a third party on the demand 
or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted into cash, or a right to transfer 
collateral to the counterparty in the Derivative Transaction when the interests of the holder of the covered notes demands 
such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk management. 
If the requirements for the Cover Asset Pool of the covered notes, as provided for in Sections 23 and 31 of the CBA, 
cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, accelerate the 
covered notes and sell the Cover Asset Pool assets in order to pay the covered notes.

--- Page 67 ---
64 
FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANK ACTIVITY 
The following is a brief summary of certain features, on the date of this Base Prospectus, of the MCBA, which was 
repealed by the CBA on 8 July 2022. The summary is provided because the Issuer may make further (tap) issues of the 
MCBA Covered Bonds in compliance with Section 51 of the CBA. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a 
complete description of all aspects of the Finnish legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. Please also 
refer to “Risk Factors”, “Finnish Covered Bond Act” and “Overview of the Programme – Priority of MCBA Covered 
Bonds under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity”. The terms defined in this section apply in the context of 
this section only. 
 
General 
The MCBA entered into force on 1 August 2010. It enables the issue of covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat) 
which are debt instruments secured by a cover pool of qualifying assets, the cover asset pool. The MCBA regulates which 
assets can be used as collateral for the covered notes and the quality of such assets. They are issued by credit institutions 
(such as the Issuer) which are authorised to engage in mortgage banking activity (in Finnish: 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each an issuer).  
 
Supervision 
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the MCBA and may issue regulations for risk 
management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit business operations. If an issuer does not comply with the 
provisions of the MCBA or the conditions of the license granted by the FIN-FSA, the FIN-FSA shall lay down a period 
in which the issuer must fulfil any requirements set by the FIN-FSA. If such requirements are not fulfilled within the set 
period, the FIN-FSA may cancel the issuer’s authorisation to engage in mortgage credit business. 
 
Authorisation under the MCBA 
Mortgage credit business is a line of banking business which involves the issuing of covered notes on the basis of loans 
secured by residential property, shares in Finnish housing companies (apartments), commercial real estate or shares in 
real estate companies as well as the acquisition of claims against public-sector bodies. A credit institution must fulfil 
certain requirements prescribed in the MCBA in order to obtain authorisation from the FIN-FSA to engage in mortgage 
credit business. The credit institution must, among other things, have in place suitable procedures and instruments for 
managing the risk entailed in holding the assets in the cover asset pool and in issuing covered notes and also prove that it 
intends to engage in mortgage credit business on a regular and sustained basis. The issuer must have put the appropriate 
organisational structure and resources into place. In addition to credit institutions authorised separately to engage in 
mortgage credit business, also mortgage credit banks whose activities are exclusively restricted to carrying out mortgage 
credit business are entitled to issue covered notes. 
Register of MCBA Covered Bonds 
The MCBA requires the issuer to maintain a register (the “Register”) for the covered notes and the collateral which forms 
the assets in the cover asset pool for the MCBA Covered Bonds. Any intermediary loan shall also be entered in the 
Register. The actual entry of the covered notes and relevant derivative contracts in the Register is necessary to confer the 
preferential right in the cover asset pool. Further, only assets entered into the Register form part of the cover asset pool. 
The Register must list, amongst other things, the covered notes issued by the issuer and the assets in the cover asset pool 
and Derivative Transactions relating thereto along with any Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered into on behalf of the 
issuer. All assets entered in the Register shall rank equally as collateral for the covered notes, unless the collateral has 
been entered in the Register as collateral for specified covered notes. If a Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector or any Substitute 
Collateral (all as defined below) is placed on the Register as collateral for a particular covered note, the Register must 
specify the covered note which this collateral covers. Section 22 of the MCBA requires that the information shall be 
entered in the Register no later than on the first business day following the issue of the covered note and information on 
the granting or acquisition of a Mortgage Loan or Public-Sector Loan or a Substitute Collateral (see Substitute Collateral 
below) which is placed as collateral for the covered notes shall be entered in the Register no later than one day after 
granting or acquiring such collateral. Any changes in such information shall be entered in the Register without delay. A 
Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan shall be removed from the Register when it has been fully repaid by the relevant 
borrower. A loan shall also be removed from the Register if it can no longer be deemed to be an eligible asset. A Mortgage 
Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral may also be removed from the Register, if, after its removal, the

--- Page 68 ---
65 
remaining Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral entered in the Register are sufficient to meet 
the requirements prescribed in the MCBA. Accordingly, the cover asset pool is dynamic in the sense that an issuer may 
supplement or substitute assets in the cover asset pool. 
The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the Register, including the due and proper recording of assets. The information 
in the Register must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
The covered notes shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. Eligible assets which are permitted 
as collateral for covered notes consist of Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral, each as defined 
in the MCBA as follows: 
Mortgage Loans are Housing Loans or Commercial Real Estate Loans. 
Housing Loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to in Chapter 
16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares in a 
housing company referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies (Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 
1599/2009, as amended) or shares comparable thereto, participations and rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral 
comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the European Economic Area. 
Commercial Real Estate Loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable real estate for commercial or office purposes 
referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995, as amended); 
or (ii) shares of a housing company or a real estate company entitling the holder to occupancy of the commercial or office 
premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the 
European Economic Area. For the avoidance of doubt, Hypo does not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans that would be 
part of the cover asset pool. 
Public-Sector Loans are loans which have been granted to the Republic of Finland, a Finnish municipality or other 
public-sector entity which may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012, be considered equivalent to the Finnish State or Finnish municipality or a credit 
which is fully collateralised by a guarantee granted by a public-sector entity or a claim on such entity. 
At least 90 per cent of the total amount of collateral shall be Housing Loans or Public-Sector Loans or Substitute Collateral 
unless otherwise provided for in the terms and conditions of a covered note. 
Substitute Collateral may only be used as collateral for covered notes on a temporary basis and in the circumstances set 
out in the MCBA (see “Substitute Collateral” below). 
Derivative Transactions concluded for hedging against risks related to covered notes must be registered in the Register 
and therefore constitute part of the assets in the cover asset pool. 
Quality of the cover pool assets 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
A Mortgage Loan entered in the Register as collateral for a covered note may not exceed the current value of the shares, 
housing property or commercial real estate standing as collateral. The current value shall be calculated using good 
property evaluation practice applicable to credit institutions in accordance with provisions on the management of capital 
adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions issued by the FIN-FSA. The issuer shall regularly monitor the value of the 
shares, housing property or commercial real estate entered as collateral for the covered notes and revise the value of the 
collateral in accordance with provisions on the management of capital adequacy of credit institutions issued by the FIN-
FSA. 
Requirements for matching cover 
The MCBA seeks to protect covered noteholders by requiring that the outstanding principal amount and net present value 
of the covered notes must be covered at all times by matching assets in the cover asset pool. This is achieved by Section 
16 of the MCBA which provides that (a) the total value of cover asset pool must always exceed the aggregate outstanding

--- Page 69 ---
66 
principal amount of the covered notes and (b) the net present value of cover asset pool must always be at least two (2) per 
cent above the net present value of the liabilities under the covered notes. In calculating the total value of the cover asset 
pool, the following limitations apply: 
1) the unpaid capital amount of any Housing Loan not exceeding 70 per cent of the current value of the shares or 
housing property placed as collateral for any Housing Loan; 
2) an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office purposes placed 
as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
3) the principal of Substitute Collateral may be taken into account. 
According to the preparatory works of the MCBA (HE 42/2010), the net present value means, in respect of (a) covered 
notes and (b) Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral, the total value of the future discounted 
cashflows applying the market rate of interest, prevailing from time to time.  
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Under Section 17 of the MCBA, the issuer shall ensure that the average maturity date of the covered notes does not exceed 
the average maturity date of the loans entered in the Register. Further, the issuer shall ensure that the total amount of 
interest accrued from the cover asset pool, during any 12-month period, is sufficient to cover the total amount payable to 
the holders of covered notes as interest and to the counterparties of Derivative Transactions as payments under such 
Derivative Transactions. Before the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer or a 
debtor of an intermediary loan, a mortgage credit bank may, in respect of collateral granted by a debtor of an intermediary 
loan, treat the interest payments on the intermediary loans as being the interest accrued from such collateral. 
Determination of requirements under Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA 
To determine the value of the cover asset pool in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 16 and 17 of 
the MCBA, the issuer shall only take into account: 
(1) 
the unpaid capital amount of any Housing Loan not exceeding 70 per cent of the current value of the shares or 
housing property placed as collateral for any Housing Loan; 
 
(2) 
an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office purposes placed 
as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
 
(3) 
the principal of Substitute Collateral. 
 
Loans that have been entered in the Register and which must be booked as non-performing loans at the time of review of 
such loans in accordance with the regulations issued by the FIN-FSA, shall no longer be included as cover asset pool in 
calculating the matching cover. 
Derivative Transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered notes and any assets provided as collateral for the 
Derivative Transaction shall be taken into account for the purposes of Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA. 
Substitute Collateral 
Up to 20 per cent of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the covered notes conferred 
by the MCBA may temporarily consist of Substitute Collateral, provided that receivables from credit institutions shall 
not exceed 15 per cent (or such larger amount as may be approved by the FIN-FSA on the application of the issuer for a 
specific reason and for a specified period of time), of the total amount of collateral. Substitute Collateral may include: (i) 
bonds and other debt obligations issued by a central government, a municipality or another public-sector entity or a credit 
institution (other than one belonging to the same consolidated group as the Issuer); (ii) guarantees granted by a public-
sector entity or a credit institution referred to in (i) above; (iii) credit insurance given by an insurance company other than 
one belonging to the same “group”, as defined in the Finnish Act on Supervision of Finance and Insurance Groups (in 
Finnish: Laki rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004, as amended), as the issuer; or (iv) assets of the 
issuer deposited in the Bank of Finland or a deposit bank; if the issuer is a deposit bank the deposit may not be in a deposit 
bank belonging to the same consolidated group as the issuer. Substitute Collateral may temporarily be used in situations 
where (i) Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans have not yet been granted or registered as collateral for the covered 
notes; or (ii) the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the provisions provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA.

--- Page 70 ---
67 
Derivatives 
The issuer may enter into Derivative Transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered notes or their underlying 
collateral. Details of any such derivatives must be entered in the Register. 
Set-off 
A creditor of the issuer may not set-off its claim against a Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan entered in the Register 
if it is within the scope of the priority of payment of the holders of covered notes as provided for in Section 25 of the 
MCBA nor against an intermediary loan. 
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign or pledge 
Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans which are included in the cover asset pool. A mortgage credit bank may not 
assign or pledge any intermediary loan without the permission of the FIN-FSA. An assignment or pledge violating such 
prohibition shall be void. 
A Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral entered in the Register as collateral for a covered 
note or an intermediary loan may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit bank or a credit institution 
nor may precautionary measures be directed at it. 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
Under Section 25 of the MCBA, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered note shall be paid 
until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered note from the funds accruing on the cover 
asset pool of the covered note before other claims. The funds accruing from collateral for covered notes after the 
commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer shall be entered in the Register as collateral 
for such covered notes. In bankruptcy proceedings the bankruptcy administrator must ensure due maintenance of the 
Register. 
Collateral entered in the Register in accordance with the MCBA may not be recovered pursuant to Section 14 of the Act 
on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate. 
In respect of each Mortgage Loan included in the cover asset pool for a covered note, the priority of payment right in 
accordance with Section 25 is limited to a maximum amount which corresponds to 70 per cent in respect of Housing 
Loans and to 60 per cent in respect of Commercial Real Estate Loans of the current value of respective collateral for the 
loan as entered in the Register at the time of commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer. 
The bankruptcy administrator shall assign the share of payments out of any Mortgage Loan exceeding the preferential 
right to the general bankruptcy estate. According to the preparatory works of the MCBA, payments deriving from loans 
to be booked as non-performing and proceeds from disposal of loans or enforcement of collateral shall nonetheless, firstly 
be used for payment of covered notes up to their preferential portion. 
What is set out above in respect of Section 25 of the MCBA applies mutatis mutandis to the counterparties of the 
Derivative Transactions entered in the Register and to Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. These parties have an equal right with 
the holders of the covered notes to payment from the funds, entered in the Register as collateral for the covered notes, 
and from the payments relating to them, and accordingly, such Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans 
rank pari passu with the covered notes with respect to such assets in the cover asset pool. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA 
(see “ – Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer”), transfer collateral entered 
in the Register of covered notes to the issuer’s general bankruptcy estate, if the value and the net present value of the 
cover asset pool, as provided for in Section 16 of the MCBA, considerably exceed the total amount of the covered notes 
and it is apparent that the collateral to be transferred shall not be necessary to fulfil the obligations in respect of the MCBA 
Covered Bonds, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
When the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, appoint a 
supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority to protect the interests of

--- Page 71 ---
68 
creditors of covered notes and creditor entities comparable to such and to enforce their right to be heard (a supervisor). 
The supervisor shall, in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for the covered notes and their conversion 
into cash as well as the contractual payments to be made to the holders of the covered notes. The person to be appointed 
as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge of financing and legal issues with regard to the nature and scope of the 
duties. 
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to administer the 
bankruptcy estate. The cover asset pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the supervisor will supervise the 
bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the noteholders. Under Section 26 of the MCBA, a bankruptcy 
administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, conclude Derivative Transactions necessary 
for hedging against risks relating to covered notes and the relevant collateral as well as, where necessary, sell a sufficient 
amount of collateral for the covered note in order to fulfil the obligations relating to the covered note. In addition, a 
bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to conclude contractual 
arrangements to secure liquidity or take out Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Funds which accrue on the collateral of covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in the Register. Correspondingly, a 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan taken under Section 26 of the MCBA and each bank account into which any such funds are 
deposited shall be entered in the Register. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a covered note and the 
corresponding collateral to another mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit institution that has acquired a licence to 
issue covered notes or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to supervision corresponding to that of the 
MCBA unless the terms of the covered note provide otherwise. 
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a Derivative Transaction to a third party on the demand 
or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted into cash, or a right to transfer 
collateral to the counterparty in the Derivative Transaction when the interests of the holder of the covered notes demands 
such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk management. 
If the requirements for the cover asset pool of the covered notes, as provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA, 
cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, accelerate the 
covered notes and sell the cover asset pool assets in order to pay the covered notes.

--- Page 72 ---
69 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
The following is a summarised presentation of certain aspects of the banking regulatory environment in which Hypo 
Group operates: 
 
Single Supervisory Mechanism 
 
The new Single Supervisory Mechanism (the “SSM”) commenced its operation in November 2014. The SSM is a system 
of financial supervision comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities of participating EU countries. The 
legal basis for the SSM is the Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013. The ECB commenced its supervisory role under 
the SSM on 4 November 2014. Within the SSM, the ECB directly supervises so-called significant credit institutions and 
has an indirect role in the supervision of less significant credit institutions. Less significant credit institutions continue to 
be supervised by their national supervisors, in close cooperation with the ECB. In Finland, the supervision of the less 
significant credit institutions under SSM is primarily carried out by the FIN-FSA. However, under the SSM, the ECB can 
decide to directly supervise any one of the less significant credit institutions to ensure that high supervisory standards are 
applied consistently. 
 
One of the most significant reforms with respect to the regulation of banks is the capital adequacy requirements imposed 
on European banks. The Capital Requirement Directive and Regulation (CRD IV Directive/CRR) were published in the 
EU Official Journal on 27 June 2013. These rules and regulations implement the Basel III standards within the EU and 
are aimed, for example, at improving the quality of banks’ capital base, reducing the cyclic nature of capital requirements, 
decreasing banks’ indebtedness and setting quantitative limits to liquidity risk. 
 
The changes brought about by the regulation package may have an impact on the business and productivity of banks. The 
requirements concerning the amount and nature of acceptable capital will have an impact on the amount of equity that 
will be recognised in capital adequacy calculations and will drive the business of banks towards long-term, low-yield 
financing arrangements at the expense of short-term ones and towards searching for new ways to obtain financing. In the 
medium term, therefore, banks must focus on increasing their capital and liquidity, which will reduce dividends and 
restrict the distribution of profits. Increasing the capital and liquidity of the banks will have an adverse impact on the 
productivity of banking. It will also have an impact on capital management, the pricing of products and business, the 
willingness to grant credit and the rearrangement of liabilities. 
 
The changes brought about by the regulation package may have an impact on the financial position and profitability of 
banks. As the demand for long-term financing increases, the financing available from institutional investors, which are 
generally aiming to reduce their holdings in the finance sector, may prove to be insufficient. More than before, small 
banks will face difficulties in obtaining financing and capital that satisfies the requirements, which will enable larger 
banks to exert control over the market price of financing. Even if the availability of financing could be secured, financing 
may not be available at a reasonable price and under reasonable terms. As a result, some current business models may no 
longer be profitable, and some banks may exit the market, which would reduce competition in the banking sector. Major 
parts of the CRD IV package governing the capital adequacy and liquidity requirements are already in force in Finland 
and applicable to Finnish credit institutions.  
 
On 16 April 2019, the European Parliament made legislative resolutions on a directive amending the CRD IV (Directive 
(EU) 2019/878, the “CRD V”), a regulation amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) 2019/876, the “CRR II”), a regulation 
amending the regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the “SRM Regulation”) and a directive amending the BRRD as amended, 
the “BRRD II”, and all proposals together the “Banking Reform Package”). The Banking Reform Package includes, 
for example, a leverage ratio requirement for all institutions, a new market risk framework for reporting purposes and a 
new moratorium power for the resolution authority. On 14 May 2019, the Council of the European Union published a 
press release announcing that it had adopted the Banking Reform Package. The Banking Reform Package was published 
in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 and it entered into force on 27 June 2019. Most of the new rules have applied since 
mid-2021. However, certain requirements of the Banking Reform Package have not yet taken full effect, as these 
requirements are intended to enter into force gradually. It is not possible to predict all the potential impacts the Banking 
Reform Package may have on the business of credit institutions before it has been fully implemented. 
 
The BRRD (including without limitation as amended by the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and by Directive (EU) 2019/879 
of 20 May 2019 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms) sets out the necessary steps and powers 
for authorities to ensure that bank failures across the EU are managed in a way which mitigates the risk of financial 
instability and minimises the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system costs for taxpayers.

--- Page 73 ---
70 
The directive was implemented into Finnish legislation through the Finnish Act on Recovery and Resolution of Credit 
Institutions and Investment Firms (Laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta 1194/2014, as 
amended) (the “Resolution Act”). 
The powers granted to the resolution authorities to apply the resolution tools and exercise the resolution powers set forth 
in the BRRD include the introduction of a statutory ‘write-down and conversion power’ with respect to capital instruments 
and a ‘bail-in power’, which will give the relevant resolution authority the power to cancel all or a portion of the principal 
amount of, or interest on, certain eligible liabilities (which could include the Notes (however, in the case of Covered 
Bonds, only to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets comprising the Cover 
Asset Pool), of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims (which could include the Notes 
(however, in the case of Covered Bonds, only to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out 
of the assets comprising the Cover Asset Pool)) into another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving group 
entity, if any, which may itself be written down. 
In addition to the bail-in power and the statutory write-down and conversion power, the BRRD provides resolution 
authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to distressed banks, which may 
include (without limitation): (i) directing the sale of the bank or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms 
without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would otherwise 
apply, (ii) transferring all or part of the business of the bank to a ‘bridge institution’ (a publicly controlled entity), (iii) 
transferring all or part of the assets of the bank, including impaired or problem assets, to an asset management vehicle to 
allow them to be managed and worked out over time, (iv) replacing or substituting the bank as obligor in respect of debt 
instruments, (v) modifying the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest 
payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or (vi) discontinuing the listing and admission to 
trading of financial instruments. The resolution authorities will likely allow the use of financial public support only as a 
last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-
in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion powers. 
The bail-in power can be used to recapitalise an institution that is failing or about to fail, allowing authorities to restructure 
it through the resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. The write-down and 
conversion power can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments fully absorb losses at the point of non-
viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any other resolution action is taken. The Finnish Act on 
Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms implements the BRRD’s order in which the bail-in 
tool should be applied, reflecting the hierarchy of capital instruments under CRD (as defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions) and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency. 
Capital Requirements and Standards 
The Banking Reform Package, including the CRR II, introduces binding requirements for a leverage ratio of 3 per cent 
and a binding requirement for a Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) of 100 per cent. CRR II also includes a new standardised 
method to compute the exposure value of derivatives exposures, calculations for market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to investment undertakings, large exposures and lending to small and medium sized enterprises 
(SMEs). The updates to the directive (the CRD V) include updates to supervisory measures and capital conservation 
measures. Among other changes, it updates the rules governing Pillar 2. Specifically, CRD V introduces a split of Pillar 
2 add-ons into Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R) and Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G), where the P2R will increase the MDA level 
(maximum distributable amount) while the P2G does not affect the MDA level. Both the CRR II and the CRD V entered 
into force on 27 June 2019. The CRR II has generally applied as of 28 June 2021, and the CRD V as of 28 December 
2020. The Finnish parliament adopted extensive changes to the Finnish national legislation by implementing the changes 
relating to the EU's second banking package on 26 March 2021. The main amendments further specify the grounds for 
setting various capital requirements; lay down provisions concerning the setting on an equity ratio basis of certain capital 
requirements or asset distribution restrictions; impose a licensing requirement on financial sector holding companies and 
extend certain aspects of the regulation and monitoring of credit institution activities to cover these holding companies; 
lay down provisions on a new calculation model for assessing the interest risks of financial accounts; lighten the regulation 
of credit institutions’ remuneration; and partially expand the circle of people covered by the regulation of related party 
lending. As for resolution, the main amendments supplement the regulation concerning the minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities and lay down provisions on new powers for the resolution authority to restrict the 
distribution of assets by institutions and suspend the implementation of agreements. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission adopted a review of EU banking rules, i.e. the European Commission’s 
Banking Package by which the final elements of the Basel III framework (the “Basel IV”) will be implemented into EU

--- Page 74 ---
71 
law. The review consists of the following legislative elements: a legislative proposal to amend the CRD (the “CRD VI”), 
a legislative proposal to amend the CRR (the “CRR III”), and a separate legislative proposal to amend the CRR in the 
area of resolution (the so-called “daisy chain” proposal). These new rules are intended ensure that EU banks become more 
resilient to potential future economic shocks, while contributing to Europe's recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and 
the transition to climate neutrality. The package implements the international Basel III reform (Basel IV), while taking 
into account the specific features of the EU's banking sector, for example when it comes to low-risk mortgages. The Basel 
IV package will be implemented in 2022 at the earliest and includes revisions to capital requirements calculation of credit 
risk, operational risk, credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk. The Basel IV package sets a minimum leverage ratio buffer 
for large and systemically important institutions and introduces a new output floor for banks using internal models. In 
addition, revisions to market risk (so called Fundamental Review of the Trading Book) were initially agreed in 2016 (a 
revision was published on 14 January 2019) and will were implemented together with the CRR II on 28 June 2021. The 
EU announcement indicates an application date of 1 January 2025, with transitional arrangements applying over a further 
five-year period. 
The scope of CRR III and CRD VI incorporates changes to the standardised approach for credit risk, the internal ratings-
based (IRB) approach for credit risk, the calculation of credit valuation adjustment (CVA), the operational risk framework 
as well as an output floor, limiting the capital benefit from risk models. The European Commission has also incorporated 
amendments to the market risk framework (FRTB), initially implemented in CRR II. Besides the Basel generated changes, 
the European Commission has incorporated a number of other developments into the revised rules (CRR) and directive 
(CRD), among which are amendments to CRR and CRD to incorporate ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) 
requirements, and a new framework for regulating and supervising third-country branches (TCBs) in the EU, adjustments 
to Pillar 2 Requirement (P2R) and the Systemic Risk Buffer (SyRB) accompanying the introduction of the output floor. 
Moreover, the changes will bring enhanced definitions of entities to be included in the scope of prudential consolidation, 
capturing FinTech ownership and engagement in financial activities, and the EBA is given authority to centralize the 
publication of annual, semi-annual and quarterly institutional prudential information for the largest institutions in the EU. 
The new banking package will also set forth provisions regarding independence of competent authorities and addressing 
conflicts of interest as well as expansion of supervisory powers to competent authorities in the EU to create a common 
standard, implementation into law of a requirement to conduct fit and proper assessments of directors to a common 
standard, and clarification of the interplay between the failing or likely to fail declaration. Furthermore, the package 
introduces an amendment to the approach of supervisory benchmarking of expected credit risk losses for purposes of 
calculating own funds requirements. Finally, the so called “daisy chain” proposal concerning the CRR relates to the 
internal total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC) deduction regime recommended in the EBA draft regulatory technical 
standard (RTS) and addresses some other resolution-related issues concerning the regulatory treatment of G-SII groups 
with a multiple point of entry (MPE) resolution strategy. 
As of 1 January 2018, the international accounting regulation IAS 39, “Financial instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement” was replaced by IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments”. Under IFRS 9, banks are required, inter alia, to apply a 
forward-looking approach to impairments by estimating expected credit losses based on each bank’s view of the market. 
Banks may employ statistical methods to calculate loan loss provisions in respect of essentially all credit risk-bearing 
assets, thus also including loans that have not yet defaulted. This approach will lead to an increase in provision amounts, 
which may affect the banks’ capital adequacy ratios. For banks that apply IRB and have a substantial surplus of regulatory 
expected losses to loan loss provisions, the effect on the capital base is limited since the surplus has already been 
subtracted from the capital base today. The EU has provided an optional 5-year phase-in of the effect of IFRS 9 on the 
capital base, with a gradually declining recovery to the capital base. During 2018, 95 per cent, during 2019 85 per cent 
and during 2020 70 per cent of expected impairment losses may be restored to common equity Tier 1 Capital in the capital 
adequacy assessment. 
The FIN-FSA established buffer requirements related to Pillar 2 capital adequacy regulations totalling 1.50 per cent of 
Hypo Group’s risk exposure amount starting in 30 September 2021. Three fourths of the requirement must be covered by 
Tier 1 Capital, of which three fourths by common equity Tier 1 Capital. 
On 28 June 2022, the FIN-FSA announced that the board of the FIN-FSA decided to keep the systemic risk buffer (SyRB) 
requirement, referred to in Chapter 10, Section 4 of the Credit Institutions Act, at the level of 0.0 per cent. According to 
the FIN-FSA, the systemic risks and vulnerabilities surrounding the Finnish banking sector are significant and provide a 
justification for the systemic risk buffer (SyRB) requirement. But due to the impact of, inter alia, Russia’s war in Ukraine, 
credit institutions will not be subject to a systemic risk buffer requirement, but the buffer rate will be set to a level required 
by risks and vulnerabilities soon as the conditions permit.

--- Page 75 ---
72 
The Board of the FIN-FSA also decided to issue a recommendation that mortgage borrowers’ total loan-servicing costs 
should, as a rule, be no more than 60 per cent of their net income. This constitutes a ‘stressed’ debt-service-to-income 
(DSTI) ratio, which is calculated taking into account the servicing costs of all a borrower’s loans. In addition, in this 
calculation, the maturity of the loans should be no more than 25 years and the interest rate no less than 6 per cent, except 
for loans with long-term interest rate hedges and fixed-rate loans. The recommendation will enter into force on 1 January 
2023. The FIN-FSA decided to extend the period of validity of the stricter loan cap, i.e. the maximum loan-to-collateral 
(LTC) ratio, which entered into force on 1 October 2021. As a result, the loan cap for residential mortgage loans other 
than first-home loans will remain at 85 per cent. 
Resolutions Laws 
The European Union Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (EU) 2014/59 entered into force on 2 July 2014 and it was 
implemented in Finland with effect as of 1 January 2015 by the Resolution Act, the Act on the Financial Stability 
Authority (Laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta 1198/2014, as amended, the “Authority Act”) and by amending the Credit 
Institutions Act (jointly, the “Resolution Laws”). The Authority Act deals with the operation and powers of the Finnish 
Financial Stability Authority (the “Stability Authority”), being the national resolution authority having counterparts in 
all EU member states and established for the purposes of the enforcement of the Resolution Act and other regulation 
relating to recovery and resolution of financial institutions. The Banking Reform Package included a legislative resolution 
on a directive amending the BRRD which been implemented into national legislation. 
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, the Stability Authority shall draw up and adopt a resolution plan for the institutions subject 
to its powers. The resolution plan is ready for execution in the event that the institution in question has to be placed into 
a resolution process. The Resolution Act vests the Stability Authority with resolution powers and tools as provided in the 
BRRD. To be able to use the other resolution tools, the Stability Authority shall first place the institution in a resolution 
process. During the process, the institution could be subject to a number of resolution tools, including write-down of debts 
or conversion of debts into equity (bail-in), sale of business, bridge institution and asset separation. To continue the 
operations of the institution, the Stability Authority has the power to decide upon covering losses of the institution by 
reducing the value of the institution’s share capital or cancelling its shares. The write-down and conversion of capital 
instruments must be implemented without undue delay in case an institution has been placed into a resolution process. 
The aim of the Resolution Laws is to provide authorities with a broad range of powers and instruments to address failing 
financial institutions in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses. The regime 
imposes an obligation on the resolution authority and financial institutions to prepare resolution and recovery plans, 
authorises the resolution authority to assess the resolvability of a financial institution, and to address or remove 
impediments to resolvability. This obligation will be specified through the European Banking Authority (EBA) Guideline 
01/2022, which will come into force on 1 January 2024. Financial institutions shall carry out preparatory measures in 
2022 and 2023. In the event of a distress of a financial institution, the regime allows competent authorities, being in 
Finland the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the “FIN-FSA”), to intervene and take early intervention measures 
with respect to any financial institution that the FIN-FSA considers is unlikely to be able to meet the conditions of its 
authorisation or its other liabilities or infringes its capital adequacy requirements. Such measures include the power to 
require the financial institution to take measures referred to in its recovery plan and, if necessary, require the institution 
to convene its general meeting to approve any such measures requested by the FIN-FSA, require the institution to prepare 
a plan on the reorganisation of its debts as instructed by the FIN-FSA, and to require the institution to change its strategy, 
legal or administrative structure. 
The Stability Authority is vested with the power to implement resolution measures with respect to a financial institution 
that the Stability Authority considers is failing or likely to fail, and where there is no reasonable prospect that any measures 
could be taken to prevent the failure of the institution and that the taking of resolution measures is necessary to protect 
significant public interest. Accordingly, resolution measures are secondary to bankruptcy and liquidation of a failing 
financial institution and are implemented only if the relevant conditions set out in the Resolution Laws are satisfied.  
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its 
requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, 
or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial 
support (except in limited circumstances). Neither Hypo nor any of its group companies have, by the FIN-FSA, been 
classified as a systematically important institution domestically or globally or as otherwise significant credit institution 
to the financial system in Finland.

--- Page 76 ---
73 
The measures available in respect of a financial institution subject to resolution procedures (in Finnish: kriisihallinto) 
include the power and obligation on the resolution authority, to write-down or convert capital instruments (shares or other 
equity) in the institution in order to cover losses of the distressed financial institution. The resolution instruments (in 
Finnish: kriisinratkaisuvälineet) available to the Stability Authority under the Resolution Laws include the powers to: 
• 
enforce bail-in - the resolution authority has the power to write-down certain claims of unsecured creditors of 
the distressed financial institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the general bail-in 
tool, in Finnish: velkojen arvonalentaminen ja muuntaminen). Such equity could also be subject to any future 
write-down. Relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in tool would include the claims of the holders in 
respect of any Notes issued under the Programme, although in the case of Covered Bonds, this would only be 
the case if and to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds would exceed the value 
of the cover pool collateral against which payment of those amounts is secured; 
• 
enforce the sale of the business (assets or shares) of the financial institution as a whole or part on commercial 
terms without requiring the consent of its shareholders (or holders of other equity instruments) (in Finnish: 
liiketoiminnan luovuttaminen); 
• 
redemption of shares and transfer of shares or assets to another institution – the Stability Authority may transfer 
all or part of the business of the institution to a “bridge institution” (in Finnish: väliaikainen laitos) which is 
an entity created for this purpose by the resolution authority); and 
• 
transfer all or part of the assets in the distressed financial institution to one or more asset management vehicles 
(in Finnish: omaisuudenhoitoyhtiö) to allow them to be managed with the intention of maximising their value 
through eventual sale or orderly wind-down. 
Benchmark Regulation 
The EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent EU, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, such as the Benchmarks 
Regulation, while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016, and it came into force on 
1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). EURIBOR has been authorised 
under the Benchmarks Regulation and added to the benchmark register maintained by the ESMA in July 2019. 
The Market Abuse Regulation 
The MAR establishes a common regulatory framework on insider dealing, the unlawful disclosure of inside information 
and market manipulation (market abuse) as well as measures to prevent market abuse to ensure the integrity of the 
financial market in the European Union and to enhance investor protection and confidence in those markets. MAR 
imposes a range of regulatory requirements for the Issuer in its capacity as an issuer of listed financial instruments and 
violations of MAR may result in significant adverse consequences, such as penalties or even criminal sanctions. MAR 
requires the Issuer to inform the public as soon as possible of inside information which directly concerns the Issuer. MAR 
also contains rules on, among other things, procedures relating to the maintenance of insider lists and the disclosure of 
managers’ transactions.

--- Page 77 ---
74 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL 
The Issuer must ensure that the Cover Asset Pool comprises only of Housing Loans and Substitute Collateral within the 
limits set by the CBA (as summarised under “Finnish Covered Bond Act”) and the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. The Issuer will substitute assets that are no longer eligible to be included in the Cover Asset Pool in accordance 
with the requirements of the CBA and such terms and conditions and supplement the Cover Asset Pool with new Housing 
Loans or Substitute Collateral upon the existing Housing Loans or Substitute Collateral in the Cover Asset Pool being 
repaid by the relevant borrower in respect of such assets. The Issuer continuously monitors that the current value of the 
Cover Asset Pool exceeds the combined payment obligations resulting from the Covered Bonds by at least five per cent. 
Over-collateralisation must have a value of at least two per cent. If the requirements set out in Article 129, Paragraph 3 
a, Subparagraph 3 of the CRR are not met, over-collateralisation must have a value of at least five per cent. The over-
collateralisation shall also cover the estimated costs in relation to the winding-down of the Covered Bonds. In addition, 
the Issuer assesses the adequacy of the value and the quality of the Cover Asset Pool by regular stress tests.  
 
The Issuer has two (2) separate cover asset pools – one in accordance with the CBA (Cover Asset Pool) and one in 
accordance with the MCBA.  
 
The criteria that the Issuer applies in the selection of assets for the Cover Asset Pool and the policies for granting loans 
are summarised below.  
Origination Criteria for the Housing Loans and the Cover Asset Pool  
 
All Housing Loans included in the Cover Asset Pool are originated by the Issuer in Finland in accordance with the 
applicable lending criteria, which include, but are not limited to the following: 
 
• 
verifying the identity of the borrower;  
• 
verifying the borrower has legal capacity; 
• 
assessing the creditworthiness of the borrower; 
• 
assessing the borrower has sufficient repayment capability; 
• 
verifying public payment defaults in Suomen Asiakastieto Oy’s credit information register; and 
• 
checking the borrowers previous loan payment behaviour in the Issuer’s internal register. 
 
The Issuer identifies the Housing Loans that are eligible for inclusion in the Cover Asset Pool according to criteria set by 
the CBA and the Issuer. These criteria, in summary, include but are not limited to the following:  
 
• 
the borrower is identified by a Finnish social security number or a Finnish business identity number; 
• 
the borrower is not an employee of The Mortgage Society of Finland; 
• 
the principal amount of the Housing Loan must not exceed the fair value of the collateral securing the Housing 
Loan, that is, the loan-to-value ratio must be 100 per cent or lower; 
• 
the Housing Loan must be secured by eligible assets located in Finland and must be denominated in euro; and 
• 
the terms and conditions of the pledge relating to the property that constitutes the collateral for the Housing Loan 
must contain a provision according to which the pledgor undertakes to maintain the fire insurance of the property. 
• 
The Issuer does not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans that would be part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, Issuer does not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans that would be part of the Cover Asset 
Pool. All of the abovementioned origination criteria for the Housing Loans, including the applicable lending criteria, and 
for the Cover Asset Pool have been set out as of the date of this Base Prospectus and might change over time. The 
composition and characteristics of the Cover Asset Pool will change over time. The Issuer will maintain a separate 
Register for Covered Bonds for the Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the CBA and inform the Noteholders of the 
composition of the Cover Asset Pool on its website at http://www.hypo.fi/en/investor-relations/ on a quarterly basis in 
connection with the issuance of its financial statements and interim financial statements. 
 
All of the criteria set above apply also to the cover asset pool in accordance with the MCBA.

--- Page 78 ---
75 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
Permitted Derivative Transactions  
 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Transactions in order to hedge against risks relating 
to Covered Bonds and/or a Series of Covered Bonds or the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. Such Derivative Transactions 
will be entered into the Register for the Cover Asset Pool.  
 
The Issuer may enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising as a result 
of Mortgages and other assets in the Cover Asset Pool that carry floating rates of interest covering the relevant Covered 
Bonds that carry a fixed rate payment obligation for the Issuer. The Issuer may also enter into one or more interest rate 
swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising as a result of Mortgages and other assets in the Cover Pool 
that carry fixed rates of interest covering the relevant Covered Bonds that carry a floating rate payment obligation for the 
Issuer. 
 
The following description applies also to Derivative Transactions under the MCBA, unless otherwise specified. 
 
Documentation  
 
The Issuer currently anticipates that Derivative Transactions entered into between the Issuer and a swap counterparty will 
be evidenced by a confirmation and such confirmation will supplement, form part of and be subject to an agreement 
between the Issuer and such swap counterparty in the form of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) 
(each such agreement a Swap Agreement). All such Derivative Transactions will be terminable by a party if an Event of 
Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) occurs in respect of the other party or all or a group of Derivative 
Transactions will be terminable by one or both of the parties if a Termination Event (as defined in the relevant Swap 
Agreement) occurs.  
 
Upon the early termination of one or more Derivative Transactions, the Issuer or the relevant swap counterparty may be 
liable to make a payment to the other party reflecting the value of the terminated Derivative Transaction(s). 
  
The Issuer may also at its discretion use other types of instruments and transactions for the purposes described in this 
section “Derivative Transactions related to the Covered Bonds”.  
 
Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer  
 
Under the CBA, obligations arising under a Derivative Transaction entered into the Register for the Cover Asset Pool 
shall continue to be fulfilled towards the Issuer in accordance with its terms notwithstanding a bankruptcy or liquidation 
of the Issuer unless otherwise provided in the terms of the Derivative Transaction. Counterparties to such Derivative 
Transactions (along with holders of the Covered Bonds – and in the case of the MCBA, providers or Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans) are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer to the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
Accordingly, such counterparties (and holders of the Covered Bonds) have the statutory right to receive payment from 
the assets in the Cover Asset Pool before all other holders of claims and this right remains for so long as the Covered 
Bonds remain outstanding. Pursuant to Section 44 of the CBA, providers of liquidity loans and Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans have a right to receive payment after the funds specified in Section 20 of the CBA and before the remaining 
counterparties. 
 
Under the CBA, the bankruptcy administrator is, upon the request of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA, entitled 
to terminate a Derivative Transaction or to transfer a Derivative Transaction and security to a third party if it is deemed 
to be in the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 79 ---
76 
OTHER INFORMATION TO SUBSCRIBERS 
General 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes should determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, 
either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:  
• 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement;  
• 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
• 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;  
• 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; and  
• 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject 
to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
Secondary Market of Notes 
If the Final Terms indicate that a Series of Notes will be listed, the application for stock exchange listing shall be delivered 
to the Helsinki Stock Exchange provided that the subscribed amount of the Notes in such Series of Notes is 200,000 euros 
at minimum. Additional issues of a listed Series of Notes shall be notified as amendments to the amount of the previously 
issued listed Notes.  
Effective Yield of the Notes 
The effective interest yield percentage of the Notes shall be notified in the Final Terms. The effective yield of the Notes 
depends on the current issue rate and the interest paid on the Notes, increasing when the issue rate is decreased and 
decreasing when the issue rate is increased. The effective yield has been calculated by using the current value method, 
widely in use in the securities market. 
The completion of transactions relating to the Notes is dependent on Euroclear Finland Oy’s operations and 
systems 
Notes issued and incorporated into the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland Oy (“Euroclear Finland”) are in non-
certificated form. The Noteholders are dependent on procedures of Euroclear Finland, or as applicable, on procedures of 
Clearstream or another clearing house taking responsibility for the settlement of the Notes, regarding transfers, payments 
and information sharing with the Issuer.  
The evidence of the Notes issued under the Programme are only account statements provided by Euroclear Finland or its 
account manager, and no promissory Notes or other documents evidencing ownership are given. Therefore, the ownership 
of the Notes and any changes in the same appear only in the registers of the book-entry system held by Euroclear Finland 
or its account managers.

--- Page 80 ---
77 
Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements 
include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and performance and the 
assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, 
“estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar 
expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained in the 
sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Information about the Issuer” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer 
has based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and 
financial performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its 
forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or 
uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base 
Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual 
results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted.  
 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based.  
 
Notice to Prospective Investors in The United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, South 
Africa and Certain Other Jurisdictions 
No offering will be made to persons who are residents of the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, 
Singapore or South Africa or in any jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Lead Manager appointed for each issuance will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to any retail investor 
in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(i) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(ii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Lead Manager appointed for each issuance will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 81 ---
78 
(iii) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(iv) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(v) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Notes. 
 
Prohibition of sales to Russia and Belarus 
 
Pursuant to Article 1 of the Council Decision (CFSP) 578/2022 of 8 April 2022 amending Decision 2014/512/CFSP 
concerning restrictive measures in view of Russia’s actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine and to Article 1 of the 
Council Decision (CFSP) 579/2022 of 8 April 2022 amending Decision 2012/642/CFSP concerning restrictive measures 
in view of the situation in Belarus and the involvement of Belarus in the Russia aggression against Ukraine, it shall be 
prohibited to sell transferable securities denominated in any official currency of a Member State issued after 12 April 
2022 or units in collective investment undertakings providing exposure to such securities to any Russian or Belarusian 
national or natural person residing in Russia or Belarus or any legal person, entity or body established in Russia or Belarus. 
The prohibition of sales to Russia and Belarus applies to the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.

--- Page 82 ---
79 
TAXATION IN FINLAND 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, and prospective subscribers of Notes should consult 
their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments 
of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes under the individual circumstances and laws applicable to 
each subscriber. This summary is based upon the law and/or established tax practice as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take place also retroactively. 
The Issuer shall withhold the Finnish taxes imposed on the interest paid, to the extent required by the relevant tax laws, 
practices and tax authorities’ regulations and instructions in force from time to time. 
Finnish Resident Individuals and Estates 
Unless otherwise indicated in the following paragraph, a tax at source, in accordance with the Act on Tax at Source of 
Interest Income (1341/1990, as amended), has to be withheld from the interest paid to natural persons resident in Finland 
for tax purposes and Finnish estates of deceased persons. The tax at source is currently 30 per cent of the amount of 
interest paid. 
The Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income is not applicable, inter alia, if a prospectus does not have to be prepared 
with respect to the notes due to (1) the notes being offered for a consideration of in the minimum EUR 100,000 per 
investor and for each separate offer or in the denomination of in the minimum of EUR 100,000 per book-entry unit; (2) 
the offer being addressed solely to qualified investors (as defined in the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012, as 
amended)); or (3) the offer being addressed in each country belonging to the European Economic Area to a maximum 
number of under 150 investors who are not qualified investors as defined in the Finnish Securities Markets Act. When 
the Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income is not applicable, a tax withholding at the current rate of 30 per cent is 
operated from the interest paid to natural persons resident in Finland for tax purposes and Finnish estates of deceased 
persons in accordance with the Act on Tax Withholding (1118/1996, as amended). Interests are subject to final taxation 
as capital income in accordance with the Income Tax Act (1535/1992, as amended). The tax rate applicable to capital 
income of up to 30,000 euros is 30 per cent and for the amount exceeding this threshold, 34 per cent.  
Possible capital gains received from disposal of the Notes are subject to final taxation as capital income in accordance 
with the Income Tax Act. Capital gains are exempted from tax if the total amount of the sales prices of all assets disposed 
by a taxpayer does not exceed 1,000 euros in a tax year (excluding tax-exempt disposals and disposals of ordinary 
household effects or other corresponding assets utilised for the personal use). The possible capital loss is deductible from 
other capital income the year during which the sale took place and during five subsequent tax years. Capital losses are 
however not tax deductible if the total amount of the acquisition prices (excluding tax-exempt disposals and disposals of 
ordinary household effects or other corresponding assets utilised for the personal use) does not exceed 1,000 euros in a 
tax year. 
Taxable capital gains and losses are calculated as the difference between the sales proceeds and the aggregate of the actual 
acquisition cost and the sales related expenses. When calculating capital gains, Finnish resident individuals and estates 
may choose to apply the so-called presumptive acquisition cost instead of the actual acquisition cost. The presumptive 
acquisition cost is 20 per cent of the sales proceeds, or 40 per cent if the Notes have been held by the Finnish resident 
individual or estate for a period of at least ten years. If the presumptive acquisition cost is applied, sales related expenses 
are not deductible.  
Should Notes be sold prior to maturity, any accrued and unpaid interest (secondary market compensation, in Finnish 
jälkimarkkinahyvitys) is taxable as capital income in accordance with the Income Tax Act. The Issuer or paying agent 
shall withhold the tax from the secondary market compensation received in accordance with the Act on Tax Withholding 
as described above concerning interests. 
When purchasing notes in the secondary market, the secondary market compensation paid is a deductible item in capital 
income taxation and, if the deductions exceed the amount of capital income, in earned income taxation to the limited 
extent allowed in the Income Tax Act. 
The Issuer or paying agent reports the secondary market compensation paid to the Finnish tax authorities. Inter alia, credit 
institutions, investment service companies and account holders generally report to the Finnish tax authorities also the 
information regarding the sale and other transfers of notes. Information on secondary market compensation received by

--- Page 83 ---
80 
an investor and information on possible capital gains or losses stated on the investor’s pre-completed tax return must be 
verified and, when necessary, corrected.  
Finnish Resident Corporate Bodies 
Interest is generally taxable income to corporate bodies and subject to final taxation as corporate income in accordance 
with the Business Income Tax Act (360/1968, as amended) or the Income Tax Act. The current rate of corporate income 
tax is 20 per cent.  
Capital gains and possible secondary market compensation are also subject to final taxation as corporate income in 
accordance with the Business Income Tax Act or the Income Tax Act, at the corporate income tax rate of 20 per cent. 
The deductibility of capital losses derived from the disposal of the Notes depends on whether they are taxed under the 
Business Income Tax Act or the Income Tax Act. Generally, limited liability companies are taxed in accordance with the 
Business Income Tax Act. Capital losses taxable under the Business Income Tax Act are generally deductible from a 
corporate body’s income taxable under the Business Income Tax Act in the same tax year and the ten subsequent tax 
years, whereas capital losses taxable under the Income Tax Act are only deductible from capital gains taxed under the 
Income Tax Act on the tax year of the sale and during five subsequent tax years.  
Non-residents 
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to persons not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage 
in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland are not taxable in Finland, 
and may be made without tax withholding, provided that the recipient provides the Issuer with clarification on the 
recipient’s limited tax liability status. 
Transfer Tax 
Generally, a transfer tax amounting to 1.6 per cent is payable on transfers of securities. However, the Notes should not be 
classified as securities within the meaning of Finnish Transfer Tax Act (931/1996, as amended) (the Finnish Transfer Tax 
Act) and thus, transfer tax should not be payable, provided that the yield of Notes is not determined by the profit of the 
Issuer or by the amount of dividend or is not otherwise deemed to entitle to the share of annual profit or surplus of the 
Issuer.  
No transfer tax is generally payable in Finland on transfers or sales of the securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or other multi-lateral trading facility.

--- Page 84 ---
81 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
General information on the Issuer 
Hypo (business ID 0116931-8) was established on 24 October 1860. The domicile and location of the administrative 
headquarters of Hypo is Helsinki. Hypo operates nationwide in Finland but its operations focus on Helsinki, the Helsinki 
metropolitan area, the Uusimaa region and other growth centres. The Issuer’s legal entity identifier code (LEI) is 
5493009ZDBVG2CO1O689. 
Hypo is by its legal form a mortgage society within the meaning of the Act on Mortgage Societies (in Finnish: Laki 
hypoteekkiyhdistyksistä, 936/1978; hereinafter “Act on Mortgage Societies”). Businesswise Hypo is a credit institution 
focusing on home financing and housing products. According to Section 2 of the Hypo’s bylaws (hereinafter “Hypo 
Bylaws”), the special purpose of Hypo is to use funds mostly acquired as long-term loans to grant long-term loans mainly 
against a mortgage or other safeguarding collateral to private persons and entities mainly for residential and other 
purposes. Hypo carries out this activity in accordance with the Act on Credit Institutions and the Act on Mortgage 
Societies. Further, Hypo has on 29 January 2016 received from the FIN-FSA a license to engage in mortgage credit bank 
activity (in Finnish: kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) in accordance with Section 10 of the MCBA. In addition, Hypo has 
on 30 June 2022 received from the FIN-FSA a license to engage in mortgage credit bank activity under the CBA in 
accordance with Section 8 of the CBA and the transitory provisions in Section 52 of the CBA. The FIN-FSA exercises 
supervisory and regulatory powers over Hypo’s operations. 
Hypo is a mutual entity governed by its member customers. The member customers are the debtors under the loans which 
Hypo has granted (excluding debtors that have been granted loans from the state’s funds). A member customer is obliged 
to pay an entry fee to Hypo, the amount of which is determined by the Board of Directors. The member customers are not 
entitled to any profit or other distribution over Hypo’s assets. The member customers of Hypo exercise the ultimate 
administrative powers at the mortgage society’s meeting. According to Chapter 3, Section 13, Paragraph 1 of the Act on 
Mortgage Societies, each member customer who has no outstanding payments to the mortgage society, shall have one 
vote at the mortgage society’s meeting. Furthermore, according to Paragraph 3 of the same Section 13, where more than 
one are responsible for a loan, they may use their voting right only jointly or by authorising one of them or another 
member of the mortgage society to represent them. If the spouses have joint liability for a loan, one of them has the right 
to represent the other spouse without a proxy. 
According to the consolidated balance sheet of Hypo, the total assets were 3.3 billion euros as at 30 June 2022 compared 
to 3.3 billion euros as at 31 December 2021. As at 30 June 2022, the loan portfolio was 2,689.5 million euros compared 
to 2,637.0 million euros as at 31 December 2021 (2,510.9 million euros as at 31 December 2020) and the average Loan 
to Value ratio of Hypo was 31.4 per cent compared to 33.1 per cent as at 31 December 2021 (33.8 per cent as at 31 
December 2020). The consolidated operating profit of Hypo Group before appropriations and taxes was 4.0 million euros 
as at 30 June 2022 and 8.1 million euros for the financial year 2021 (8.0 million euros for the financial year 2020). The 
common equity tier 1 (CET 1) ratio of the Hypo Group was 14.0 per cent on 30 June 2022 compared to 13.6 per cent on 
31 December 2021. 
On 24 August 2022, the FIN-FSA set Hypo Group a new discretionary additional capital requirement of 0.75 per cent 
(Pillar 2 requirement) so that at least three quarters must be Tier 1 capital (T1), of which at least three quarters must be 
CET 1 capital. The new requirement takes effect on 31 December 2022 and remains in force until further notice, however 
not longer than until 31 December 2025. 
On 6 April 2020, the FIN-FSA announced that the board of the FIN-FSA decided to remove the additional capital 
requirement referred to in chapter 10, sections 4 and 6a of the Credit Institutions Act, determined on the basis of the 
structural characteristics of the financial system (systemic risk buffer). Previously the additional capital requirement of 
the Issuer was 1.0 per cent. The decision entered into force immediately. The aim of the FIN-FSA’s decision is to mitigate 
the negative effects of the Covid-19 on the stability of financial markets and on credit institutions’ ability to finance the 
economy. 
On 17 May 2019, the FIN-FSA set Hypo Group a discretionary additional capital requirement of 1.25 per cent (Pillar 2 
requirement) which is to be met with Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET 1). The requirement took effect on 31 December 
2019, and it remains in force until 31 December 2022.

--- Page 85 ---
82 
Description of operations 
Main operating areas and main markets 
Hypo Group is an expert organisation specialising in home financing and housing in Finland. With the help of its internet 
and phone services Hypo Group serves its customers in different parts of Finland from its customer premises located in 
the very centre of Helsinki. The headquarters of Hypo Group are located in Helsinki. Since the first quarter of 2022, Hypo 
has engaged with deploying the first part of its new core information system, provided by TietoEvry Plc, after endings its 
cooperation with its previous information system provided, Samlink Ltd.  
Hypo operates in retail banking in accordance with the credit institution authorisation. The objective of Hypo is to 
constantly create alternative, customer-focused solutions to home financing and housing products, in addition to its 
traditional services. In the long term, Hypo Group’s aim is steady and profitable growth in its loan portfolio while 
managing risks. As at 31 December 2021, 72 per cent of the loan portfolio was located in the Metropolitan area (Helsinki, 
Espoo, Vantaa, and Kauniainen), 19 per cent in other growth centres (Tampere, Turku, Oulu, Lahti, Jyväskylä, Kuopio, 
Seinäjoki, Vaasa, and Hämeenlinna) and 9 per cent in other areas (including rest of Uusimaa). 
Homes and residential land owned and rented out by Hypo enable Hypo Group to offer its customers a more 
comprehensive selection of housing products and services. Hypo’s properties are located in growth centres, mainly in the 
Helsinki Metropolitan Area, distributed across key residential areas. These properties mainly consist of apartments that 
have been rented out as well as residential land that has been rented for a long term to housing companies which will 
purchase them gradually.  
Hypo’s subsidiary company Asuntohypopankki Oy is a deposit bank that in addition to deposit products and distribution 
of credit cards (no credit risk) offers its institutional customers trustee services relating to residential land investments. 
Asuntohypopankki is a member of the Deposit Guarantee Fund and the Investors’ Compensation Fund. 
The book value of the housing units and residential land, excluding premises in Group’s own use, was about 54.5 million 
euros as per 30 June 2022 (55.4 million euros as per 31 December 2021). At the end of 2021, the occupancy rate was 95.2 
per cent (96.1 per cent). The net return target for housing and residential land investment varies between five and seven 
per cent, depending on the site. The net return on housing and residential land investments, calculated by using book 
values, was 5.1 per cent in 2021 (5.0 per cent in 2020).  
During the financial year 2021, Hypo issued MCBA Covered Bonds to the wholesale debt market of a value amounting 
to 300 million euros. The share of long-term funding of total funding was 45.4 per cent on 31 December 2021 (46.6 per 
cent on 31 December 2020). 
Organisational structure 
In addition to Asuntohypopankki, which is entirely owned by Hypo and acts as its deposit bank, as at 30 June 2022 and 
31 December 2021 Hypo owned 54.6 per cent of a housing company Bostadsaktiebolaget Taos. Bostadsaktiebolaget Taos 
owns and manages the land and property where Hypo’s customer service facilities are located and also rents out office 
premises from the property. Hypo further partly-owns housing companies that are affiliate companies.  
Strategy 
In the long term, Hypo Group’s aim is steady and profitable growth in its secured loan portfolio and customer relationships 
while managing risks. Hypo Group aims to offer a competitive alternative for financing private customers’ housing 
solutions and housing companies’ need for repairs as well as strengthen its market position in the core business of lending 
for the benefit of the customer. Profits will be used to maintain a high capital adequacy and to improve competitiveness. 
In accordance with Group’s strategy, the Board of Directors sets business targets for Hypo Group. These targets are 
confirmed, entered onto scorecards and monitored annually, focusing currently on the finalisation of the core banking 
system, profitability and capital adequacy. 
Future outlook  
The description of probable future developments given below has been compiled and prepared on a basis which is 
comparable with the historical financial information, and consistent with Hypo’s accounting policies.

--- Page 86 ---
83 
In the unaudited Half-Year Report Q2 2022, the following description of probable future developments has been given:  
“Economic growth will slow down due to the exceptionally high inflation level driven by energy prices. Russian war in 
Ukraine shows no signs of ending which means energy prices will stay high for longer. At the same time the European 
Central Bank is increasing policy rates and the post-COVID recovery in service sector demand is not providing additional 
support to the growth figures anymore. Housing markets react to the uncertainty with decreased volumes in housing 
transactions and construction but also cooling down of price development. Differences between housing market areas and 
units will deepen. Urbanization will increase due to the strong newbuilding to Helsinki-Tampere-Turku -areas. 
Hypo Group focuses on finalisation and deployment of its new core information system and on strengthening its core 
business.  The Group expects the share of profit made by it to rise following the increase of net interest and net fee income. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity will remain on a strong level. 
The operating profit for 2022 is expected to be on the same level or slightly smaller than in 2021. The expectation contains 
uncertainties due to the development in economy and interest rates as well as uncertainties related to the renewal project 
of Hypo Group’s core information systems and war in Ukraine.” 
Influence of Hypo’s Board of Directors and management on factors affecting the future outlook 
The assumptions for the future outlook upon which the Board of Directors and management can influence for their part 
include the development of Hypo’s income and profitability through ordinary managerial measures. Such measures 
include, among others, decisions concerning pricing, product and service range, amount and allocation of investments 
and risk management. Other assumptions about factors affecting the outlook are outside the influence of the Board of 
Directors and management. 
Administrative and managing bodies 
Hypo is a mutual company governed by its members, i.e., debtors, in which there are no shares and in which the members 
are not entitled to the property of the company or profits produced by the company. Hypo is not directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled by any party. 
The operations of Hypo are regulated by the general laws and regulations regarding operations of credit institutions and 
the special enactment of the Act on Mortgage Societies. The FIN-FSA as the license granting authority monitors the 
operations of Hypo. Even though Hypo is not a listed company, it has, as the Issuer of the Notes and as a mutual company 
which has outstanding listed notes, an obligation to comply with regulations concerning listed companies in many parts. 
A report of the administrative and managing bodies of Hypo has been published as a separate document which is available 
at Hypo and its homepage at http://www.hypo.fi/en/investor-relations/ under section “Corporate Governance Statement”.  
General Meeting, Supervisory Board and Board of Directors of Mortgage Society 
Members of Hypo have the highest authority in the general meetings of Hypo. 
Matters of Hypo are handled by the Supervisory Board, the Board of Directors and the CEO. 
Members of Supervisory Board since 22 March 2022 
Hannu Hokka 
Chair 
Master of Science (Econ.) 
Managing Director 
Timo Kaisanlahti 
Vice Chair 
Doctor of Law, Master of Science (Econ.) 
Director 
Timo Aro 
Doctor of Social Science 
Specialist 
Elina Bergroth 
Master of Arts 
Lecturer 
Julianna Borsos 
Doctor of Science (Econ.) 
Managing Director 
Mikael Englund 
Managing Director

--- Page 87 ---
84 
Master of Science (Tech.), MBA 
Markus Heino 
Master of Laws (trained on the bench) 
Managing Director 
Timo Hietanen 
Master of Science (Econ.) 
Deputy Managing Director 
Hanna Kaleva 
Master of Science (Econ.) 
Managing Director 
Seppo Laakso 
Doctor of Social Science 
Managing Director 
Juha Metsälä 
Master of Science (Tech.) 
President and CEO 
Elias Oikarinen 
Doctor of Science (Econ.) 
Associate Professor 
Kallepekka Osara 
Agrologist 
Farmer 
Salla Seppä 
Master of Social Sciences 
 
 
Customer Experience Manager 
Liisa Suvikumpu 
Ph.D., European history 
 
Managing Director 
Mari Vaattovaara 
Ph.D in planning geography, M.Sc. in Landscape 
Architecture 
Professor, Vice Dean 
Riitta Vahela-Kohonen 
Master of Arts 
- 
Ira van der Pals 
Master of Science (Econ.) 
Chief Investment Officer 
 
Members of Board of Directors since 22 March 2022: 
Sari Lounasmeri 
Chair 
Master of Science (Econ.) 
Member of the Board since 2011 
Managing Director 
Kai Heinonen 
Master of Laws 
Member of the Board since 2014 
Managing Director 
Harri Hiltunen 
Master of Science (Econ.),  
Vice Chair 
Member of the Board since 2012 
Managing Director 
Pasi Holm 
Ph.D (Political Sciences) 
Member of the Board since 2015 
Research Director 
Mikko Huopio 
Master of Laws (trained on bench) 
Member of the Board since 2017 
Deputy to the Chief Executive Officer 
Hannu Kuusela 
Doctor of Science (Econ.) 
Member of the Board since 2001 
Professor 
Teemu Lehtinen 
Doctor of Social Sciences, Master of Science (Tech.) 
Managing Director

--- Page 88 ---
85 
Member of the Board since 2005 
Ari Pauna 
Master of Laws 
Member of the Board since 2006 
Chief Executive Officer 
Tuija Virtanen 
Doctor of Science (Econ.) 
Member of the Board since 2009 
University Lecturer 
 
Mr Mikko Huopio serves as secretary to the Board. 
The working address of the members of the Board of Directors, members of the Supervisory Board and the CEO is 
Yrjönkatu 9 A, FI-00120 Helsinki (visiting address), and P.O. Box 509, FI-00101 Helsinki (post address). 
The Chief Executive Officer of Hypo is Mr Ari Pauna. Deputy to the CEO is Mr Mikko Huopio.  
Employer companies of certain persons in administrating and managing organisations are in a customer relationship with 
Hypo. According to the mandatory special legislation, a person who is not a member i.e., a debtor of Hypo, cannot be 
appointed as a member of the Supervisory Board. The mandatory special legislation regarding mortgage societies requires 
that the CEO and his substitute are members of the Board of Directors. 
There are no conflicts of interests between the matters handled by these persons in Hypo and their personal benefits or 
other duties. 
Legal Proceedings 
During the last 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, there have not been any administrative or legal 
proceedings or arbitration that has had or that may have a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
Hypo or Hypo Group. Furthermore, Hypo or the companies of Hypo Group are not aware of any such pending or otherwise 
threatened proceedings. 
No significant changes 
The most recent audited financial statements of Hypo and Hypo Group concerns the financial year that ended 31 
December 2021. Since that date, the financial position of Hypo has not changed significantly and there has not been any 
significant negative change regarding future developments, other than as explained below under “Recent Events”. 
Since 31 December 2021, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of Hypo Group, other than 
as explained below under “Recent Events”. 
Recent Events 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Russia’s attack against Ukraine starting on 24 February 2022 affects the general 
economic and financial situation, the banking sector in its entirety as well as Hypo Group and its customers. The sanctions 
imposed on Russia following the attack may have an adverse effect on Hypo Group. 
The worldwide crisis caused by the Covid-19 has weakened the global and domestic economic outlook. At the date of 
this Base Prospectus, it is difficult to reliably estimate the overall effects of Covid-19 on the business of Hypo Group. 
Absence of Conflicts of Interest 
To the knowledge of the Issuer, the members of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Board and the Chief Executive 
Officer do not have any conflicts of interest between their duties relating to the Issuer and their private interests and/or 
their other duties. 
 
Information derived from third party sources 
Where certain information contained in this Base Prospectus has been derived from third party sources, such sources have 
been identified herein. The Issuer confirms that such third-party information has been accurately reproduced herein. In

--- Page 89 ---
86 
addition, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
 
Agreements outside the ordinary course of business  
 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result 
in Hypo or any member of the Hypo Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability 
to meet its obligation to Noteholders.  
 
The interests of the Arranger, Lead Manager(s) and possible other subscription places 
 
Customary business interests in the financial market. 
 
Credit Rating of the Issuer and the Notes 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has long- and short-term issuer credit ratings ‘BBB/A-2’ by S&P. The 
outlook is stable. At the date of this Base Prospectus, Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are rated ‘AAA’ by 
S&P. The outlook is stable. 
Under the S&P’s rating definitions for long-term issuer credit ratings, an obligor rated 'BBB' has adequate capacity to 
meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to 
lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitments. Respectively, for a short-term issuer credit 
rating, an obligor rated 'A-2' has adequate capacity to meet its financial obligations. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitments. 
The Issuer is committed to use commercially reasonably efforts to remove or replace its bank account counterparty, if 
such unrelated counterparty’s long-term issuer credit rating from S&P (as defined in S&P’s Counterparty Risk 
Framework: Methodology and Assumptions, published March 8, 2019) is downgraded to below ‘BBB’, with a higher-
rated unrelated counterparty within 90 calendar days. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of S&P Global is established in the EEA and are registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”), and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 
its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, the applicable rating 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the 
Issuer or to Notes already issued (if applicable). Whether or not a credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series 
of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list 
of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. This list must be updated within 
five working days of ESMA’s adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the 
CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may 
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list. 
Accounting policies 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) approved in 
the EU and the related interpretations (IFRIC). The applicable Finnish accounting and corporate legislation and regulatory 
requirements have also been taken into account when preparing the notes to the financial statements.

--- Page 90 ---
87 
AVAILABLE DOCUMENTS 
The Hypo Bylaws, Hypo’s trade register extract (in Finnish), audited financial statements (parent company and 
consolidated) and auditor’s reports regarding the last two financial years are available during the period of validity of the 
Base Prospectus at the office of Hypo, Yrjönkatu 9 A, 00120 Helsinki and at the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.hypo.fi/en/financial-information/ and https://www.hypo.fi/en/investor-relations/.

--- Page 91 ---
88 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. They are available at Hypo’s 
website at https://www.hypo.fi/en/financial-information/, https://www.hypo.fi/en/investor-relations/ and upon request 
from Hypo.  
Document 
Referred information 
 
 
Half-Year Report Q2/22 
The unaudited half-year report 1 January – 30 June 2022 
 
Annual Report 2021 
 
 
Financial statements including audited consolidated and 
parent company’s financial statements 1 January – 31 
December 2021, pages 29 – 97 
Annual Report 2021 
 
Auditor’s Report, pages 98 – 103 
Annual Report 2020 
Financial statements including audited consolidated and 
parent company’s financial statements 1 January – 31 
December 2020, pages 27 – 94 
 
 
Annual Report 2020 
Auditor’s report 2020, pages 96 – 101 
 
 
Base Prospectus 2022  
 
General Terms and Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
included in the Base Prospectus published on 10 February 
2022, pages 27 – 53. 
Base Prospectus 2020 
 
General Terms and Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
included in the Base Prospectus published on 19 
November 2020, pages 25 – 46. 
Base Prospectus 2018 
General Terms and Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
included in the Base Prospectus published on 26 June 
2018, pages 22 – 36. 
Prospectus Supplement No. 3 dated 5 November 2018 
 
1. Information incorporated by reference 
Base Prospectus 2017 
 
General Terms and Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
included in the Base Prospectus published on 23 May 
2017, pages 20 – 34. 
Base Prospectus 2016 
 
General Terms and Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
included in the Base Prospectus published on 1 April 
2016, pages 54 – 67.

--- Page 92 ---
89 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
The following glossary contains certain defined key terms in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
 
 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan 
A contractual arrangement made by the bankruptcy 
administrator of the Issuer to secure liquidity or take out 
liquidity credit in accordance with Section 44 of the CBA 
or 26 of the MCBA. 
Cover Asset Pool 
The Mortgage Loans, Insurance Compensation, Public-
Sector 
Loans, 
Substitute 
Collateral, 
Derivative 
Transactions and funds covering the liquidity requirement 
entered into the Register as statutory security for the 
Covered Bonds under the CBA. 
CBA 
The 
Finnish 
Covered 
Bond 
Act 
(Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 
151/2022) 
Derivative Transactions 
Derivative transactions concluded for hedging against 
risks related to the Covered Bonds and therefore constitute 
part of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
MCBA 
The Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010) 
Register for Covered Bonds 
The register of Covered Bonds and the collateral which 
forms the assets in the Cover Asset Pool for the Covered 
Bonds, including the Derivative Transactions and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans, which an issuer of covered 
notes is required to maintain pursuant to the CBA.

--- Page 93 ---
THE ISSUER 
The Mortgage Society of Finland 
Yrjönkatu 9 A 
FI-00120 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5  
FI-00020 NORDEA 
Finland 
 
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE ISSUER 
Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 14 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
AUDITOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Itämerentori 2 
FI-00180 Helsinki 
Finland