--- Page 1 ---
pg 1 
This Base Prospectus is dated 22 September 2022 and has been approved by the Liechtenstein Financial 
Market Authority (FMA) as competent reviewing body as a base prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation (EC) 2017/1129 on 22 September 2022. 
SwarmX GmbH 
(incorporated in Berlin / Germany) 
Program on the Issuance and Offer of Stock Certificate Token 
Under the terms of the Program on the Issuance and Offer of Stock Certificate Token (the Program) 
described in this Base Prospectus (the Base Prospectus), SwarmX GmbH, Pestalozzistrasse 3, 10625 
Berlin, Germany, HRB 237948 B, LEI 984500H93FZ5D50AFE98 (SwarmX), subject to compliance with all 
applicable laws and regulations, may from time-to-time issue Stock Certificate Token (the Products) which 
may in the following be traded OTC and on suitable platforms or exchanges. Each Product will be subject 
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus (the Terms and Conditions), as amended 
from time to time and as completed by the relevant final terms relating to such Product (the Final Terms). 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms, the Final Terms 
shall prevail.  
The Products are Stock Certificate Token (debt instruments) relating to underlying asset(s) to be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Underlying assets will be limited to shares and rights related to shares as well 
as bonds listed on exchanges (together: the “Stock”). Neither the Products nor the Issuer are or are 
expected to be rated. 
The Products have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and (i) may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States to, or for the account or benefit 
of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act), except pursuant to 
an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and 
applicable state securities laws and (ii) may be offered, sold or otherwise delivered at any time only to 
transferees that are Non- United States Persons (as defined by the U.S. Commodities Futures Trading 
Commission). 
Important Notices: 
The Securities issued in relation to Products under the Program are derivative financial instruments (debt 
instruments). The Products do not constitute collective investment schemes within the meaning of the 
Liechtenstein Law concerning specific undertakings for collective investments in transferable Securities 
(UCITSG), the Liechtenstein Law concerning the Managers of Alternative Investment Funds (AIFMG) or the 
Liechtenstein Law on Investment Undertakings (IUG) or the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment 
Schemes (CISA) and are, therefore, neither governed by the UCITSG, the AIFMG, the IUG or the CISA nor 
are they subject to authorization and supervision by the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority (FMA) or 
any other supervisory authority. Accordingly, holders of the Products do not have the benefit of specific 
investor protection provided under any of the before cited legal acts. The Issuer is not and will not be 
regulated by the Liechtenstein FMA or any regulator as a result of issuing the Products. The Products are 
not and will not be issued, guaranteed, or secured in an equivalent manner by a third party.  
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority, Landstrasse 
109, 9490 Vaduz, Principality of Liechtenstein as competent authority under Regulation 
2017/1129/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”) on 22 September 2022 and is valid until 21 September 
2023. In case of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies the Issuer is 
obliged to establish a supplement to the Prospectus. The Issuers obligation to supplement a 
prospectus does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
The FMA only approves a security prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by Regulation (EC) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or a confirmation of the quality of the securities offered under this Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
General Sales Restrictions 
THE PRODUCTS ARE NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR ANY PERSON OR 
ADDRESS IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO WHICH A DISTRIBUTION 
WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation 
in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If the laws or regulation of a jurisdiction 
require that an offering of securities described herein be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any other 
party involved (each as defined in the Base Prospectus) or any affiliate of any other party is a licensed

--- Page 2 ---
pg 2 
broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by such other party or such 
affiliate on behalf of the Issuer or holders of the applicable securities in such jurisdiction. 
The offering or sale of the Products in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law including because of the 
Underlying. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Products and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see section “Selling Restrictions”. Persons who obtain possession of this Base 
Prospectus and/or the Final Terms are required to inform themselves about and to adhere to any such 
restrictions. Neither this Base Prospectus nor the Finale Terms constitute or may be used for the purposes 
of, an offer or solicitation to subscribe for or to purchase any Product in any jurisdiction in which such an 
offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or 
solicitation. Accordingly, this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms should not be used by anyone for this 
purpose. 
United States 
You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base Prospectus following this 
notice, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading, accessing, or making any other 
use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following 
terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you receive any information from the 
Issuer or the other involved parties (each as defined in the Base Prospectus) as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES, MAY BE USED FOR THE PURPOSE 
OF, OR MAY BE CONSTRUED AS, AN INVITATION, AN OFFER OR A SOLICITATION OF SECURITIES 
FOR SALE OR FOR SUBSCRIPTION IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO.  
THE PRODUCTS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND (I) MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), 
EXCEPT ACCORDING TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS AND (II) MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE DELIVERED AT ANY TIME ONLY TO 
TRANSFEREES THAT ARE NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS (AS DEFINED BY THE U.S. 
COMMODITIES FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION). THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE 
FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY 
MANNER WHATSOEVER. IN PARTICULAR, IT MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS. 
ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION, OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS TRANSMISSION IN WHOLE OR 
IN PART IS UNAUTHORIZED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF 
YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE 
SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN. 
 
European Economic Area 
This Base Prospectus is a “prospectus” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation) and has been approved as meeting the requirements imposed under EU law pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of securities in 
any member state of the European Economic Area (EEA) which has implemented the Prospectus 
Regulation will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for offers of securities except in the following jurisdictions: Liechtenstein, Germany, 
Luxembourg, France, Spain and Italy or any other jurisdictions to which notifications in the meaning of Art 
25 of the Prospectus Regulation have been made (the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions). 
Neither the Issuer nor any other involved party (each as defined in the Base Prospectus) has authorized, 
nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of securities in circumstances in which an obligation for a 
prospectus to be published arises under the Prospectus Regulation in any other jurisdictions than the Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdictions.  
Confirmation of your warranties  
In order to be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an investment decision with respect to the 
securities being offered, prospective Investors must be permitted under applicable law and regulation to 
receive the Base Prospectus. By accessing the Base Prospectus, you shall be deemed to have warranted 
to the Issuer, the Authorized Participant and the other involved parties that (i) you and any customers you 
represent are outside the United States and any jurisdiction in which receiving or accessing the Base 
Prospectus cannot lawfully be made without compliance with registration or other legal requirement, (ii) you 
are a person who is permitted under applicable law and regulation to receive the Base Prospectus, (iii) you 
will use this Base Prospectus for the sole purpose of evaluating a possible investment in a Product, and (iv) 
you acknowledge that no person is authorized to give any information or make any representation in

--- Page 3 ---
pg 3 
connection with a Product or an offering that is not contained in this Base Prospectus and the related Final 
Terms. 
Cautioning regarding completeness and true copy of Base Prospectus  
The Base Prospectus has been made available to you in an electronic form. Please ensure that your copy 
of the Base Prospectus is complete.  
Issuer not licensed or registered 
The Issuer of the Products, SwarmX GmbH, is incorporated under the laws of Germany. The issuer is neither 
licensed nor registered with the Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority.  
Further Important Notices 
No person is authorized to provide any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other information supplied by the Issuer in 
connection with the Program. Investors should not rely upon information or representations that have not 
been given or confirmed by the relevant Issuer. Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer 
has not authorized the making of any offer by any offeror, and the Issuer has not consented to the use of 
this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any offer of the Products in any jurisdiction. 
Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorized and the Issuer does not accept any 
responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorized offer. 
The Issuer and its affiliates (which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is 
controlled by, or is under common control with, the Issuer), if any, may hold, retain, buy or sell Products, the 
Underlying or the Underlying Components (each, as defined in the section headed “Terms and Conditions”) 
at any time. See “Risks Factors Relating to the Issuer—Potential Conflicts of Interest”. They may also enter 
into transactions relating to Products or derivatives of Products, in such amounts, with such purchasers 
and/or counterparties and at such prices (including at different prices) and on such terms as any such entity 
may determine, be it as part of its business and/or any hedging transactions as described in this Base 
Prospectus or for any other reason. There is no obligation upon the Issuer to sell all the Products of any 
issue. The Products of any issue may be offered or sold in one or more transactions in the over-the-counter 
market or otherwise at prevailing market prices or in negotiated transactions, at the discretion of the Issuer, 
subject as provided above. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Program (i) is to be 
used as the basis of any credit assessment or other evaluation or (ii) is to be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus (or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Program) should purchase any Products. Each Investor contemplating the purchase 
of any Products should make its own independent enquiries regarding the financial condition and business 
development of the Issuer and is own appraisal of their creditworthiness. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Program constitutes 
an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Products. The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained 
herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Program is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Products may not be a suitable investment for all Investors. Each potential Investor in the Products 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
Investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: (i) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Products, the merits and risks of investing in the Products and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; (ii) has access to, and knowledge of, 
appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in 
the Products and the impact the Products will have on its overall investment portfolio; (iii) has sufficient 
financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Products, including Products 
with principal in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal is different from the potential 
Investor's currency; (iv) understands thoroughly the terms of the Products; and (v) is able to evaluate 
possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability 
to bear the applicable risks. 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement (each a Supplement) to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base 
prospectus if there is a significant change affecting any matter contained in this Base Prospectus or a 
significant new matter arises, the inclusion of information in respect of which would have been so required 
if it had arisen when this Base Prospectus was prepared or in any other situation required under Art 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under additional law.

--- Page 4 ---
pg 4 
This Base Prospectus contains information extracted from a range of technical and non-technical digital 
sources, including (but not limited to) documents provided by service providers to the Issuer, their websites, 
and industry publications. Where third-party information is used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such 
information is stated. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by each of the relevant sources, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
An investment into any of the Products does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the 
scope of any deposit protection scheme. The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by any regulator as a 
result of issuing the Products. 
During the term of the Products, the Product-Related Documents as well as this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms can be downloaded at www.swarmx.net. 
No representation, warranty, or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by any other involved party (as described in the Base Prospectus) as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained herein, or any other further information supplied in connection 
with the Product or its distribution.  
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING 
STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements include statements concerning the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance, and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When 
used in this Base Prospectus, the words "anticipates", "estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", "plans", 
"aims", "seeks", "may", "will", "should" and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking 
statements. The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on its current view concerning future 
events and financial performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates, and 
projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialize, including those identified in the section captioned 
"Risk Factors" or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's 
underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, events relating to the Issuer and the Issuer's 
actual results may be materially different from those expected, estimated or predicted.  
Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly disclaims 
any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions 
to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any 
change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based.

--- Page 5 ---
pg 5 
 
Table of Contents 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ...................................................................................................................... 1 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS ................................. 4 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................... 6 
A. 
INTRODUCTION AND WARNINGS ........................................................................................................ 6 
B. 
KEY INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER .................................................................................................... 6 
C. 
KEY INFORMATION ON THE PRODUCTS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAM .................................................. 7 
D. 
KEY INFORMATION ON THE OFFER OF THE NOTES TO THE PUBLIC ......................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................... 10 
I. 
GENERAL RISKS ............................................................................................................................. 10 
II. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER ......................................................................................... 11 
III. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS ................................................................................... 11 
IV. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER ...................................................................................................... 13 
V. 
RISKS RELATED TO OTHER PARTIES TO THE PROGRAM ..................................................................... 13 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................... 14 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER .................................................................................................... 14 
INFORMATION ON THE BODIES OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................ 14 
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................ 15 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ISSUER AND MATERIAL CHANGES ................................................. 16 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OVER THE PRODUCTS ................................................................................... 17 
PROGRAM ON THE ISSUANCE AND OFFER OF STOCK CERTIFICATE TOKEN ..................................................... 17 
A. 
Tokenization .................................................................................................................................................... 17 
B. 
Public Offer of Stock Certificate Token OTC and on trading platforms ........................................................... 18 
C. 
Yield ................................................................................................................................................................. 19 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS ....................................................................................................................... 20 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .......................................................................................................................... 25 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS ...................................................................................................... 25 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION ........................................................................................................ 27 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ......................................................................................................................... 28 
GENERAL ................................................................................................................................................. 28 
TARGET MARKET ..................................................................................................................................... 28 
UNITED STATES ....................................................................................................................................... 28 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA .................................................................................................................... 28 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................. 29 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 30 
AUTHORIZATION ....................................................................................................................................... 30 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE ............................................................................................................................... 30 
DEFINITIONS ............................................................................................................................................. 31 
RESPONSIBILITY ...................................................................................................................................... 33 
ANNEX: OPENING BALANCE SHEET AS OF 20 DECEMBER 2021 ..................................................... 35

--- Page 6 ---
pg 6 
OVERVIEW 
A. 
INTRODUCTION AND WARNINGS 
SwarmX GmbH, Pestalozzistr. 3, 10625 Berlin, Germany registration no. HRB 237948 B, LEI 
984500H93FZ5D50AFE98, issues transferable Stock Certificate Token under the Program on the Issuance 
and Offer of Stock Certificate Token (the Program) on the basis of this Base Prospectus dated 22 
September 2022 (as supplemented) in conjunction with Final Terms specific to the issue of each Product.  
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Finanzmarktaufsicht Liechtenstein, Landstrasse 109, Postfach 
279, 9490 Vaduz (info@fma-li.li) on 22 September 2022. Final Terms relating to a specific Product will be 
filed with the FMA and will, together with this Base Prospectus, be made available at the website of the 
Issuer at www.swarmx.net. 
This overview contains a description of the main features and risks relating to the Issuer, the securities 
offered under the Program and the counterparties. The overview should always be read together with the 
Base Prospectus (as supplemented) and the Final Terms (incl. an issue-specific summary) for a specific 
Product. A thorough examination of the full Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is therefore recommended 
prior to any decision to purchase or subscribe to Products issued under the Program. Investors have to 
consider that they are about to invest in financial products which are complex and not easy to understand 
and which bear the risk that Investors may lose all or part of the invested capital. The Issuer points out that 
in the event that claims are brought before a court based on the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus, the Final Terms or the issue-specific summaries the plaintiff investor may, under national law 
of the member states of the European Economic Area (EEA), have to bear the costs of translating the Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms prior to the commencement of proceedings. In addition, the Issuer points 
out that the Issuer SwarmX, who tables the issue-specific summaries including any translation thereof may 
be held liable in the event that such summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent when read together 
with the Base Prospectus or the Final Terms or where it does not provide, when read together with the Base 
Prospectus or the Final Terms, key information in order to aid investors when considering whether to invest 
in the securities.  
B. 
KEY INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
Who is the Issuer of the Securities? 
SwarmX GmbH, Pestalozzistrasse 3, 10625 Berlin, Germany, registration no. HRB 237948 B, LEI 
984500H93FZ5D50AFE98 is a limited liability company under the laws of Germany and was incorporated 
and registered in Company Registry Berlin-Charlottenburg on 21 January 2022 for an unlimited duration.  
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing stock certificate 
token and other asset-related tokens. The sole shareholder of the Issuer is Swarm Markets GmbH, 
Pestalozzistrasse 3, 10625 Berlin (HRB 190778 B).  
The managing directors of SwarmX GmbH are Peter Schott Ghyssaert Aceves and Philipp Pieper.      
The statutory auditor of the Issuer is Ausborn & Partner mbB, Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Steuerberatungsgesellschaft, Barmbeker Markt 42, 22081 Hamburg.      
What is the key financial information regarding the Issuer? 
The Issuer is a newly incorporated entity, thus, no historical financial information is available. As of the date 
hereof, the share capital of SwarmX GmbH amounts to 25.000 EUR, divided into 25.000 shares, of which 
12.500 EUR are paid in.     
The financial year of the Issuer ends on 31 December of each year. Annual accounts will thus be set up for 
the first time as of 31.12.2022. 
What are the key risks that are specific to the Issuer? 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activities 
The Issuer has been newly established in January 2022 and does not have a long and comprehensive track 
record.  
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole business of issuing Products under the Program or 
products of similar characteristics. The Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than its initial capital and 
future fees it intends to obtain in context with the issue of Stock Certificate Tokens or similar products.

--- Page 7 ---
pg 7 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority  
The Issuer is not required to be licensed or authorized under any current securities, commodities, or banking 
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will operate without supervision by any authority in any 
jurisdiction. There is no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or more jurisdictions would 
not take a contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws to the Issuer. The taking of a contrary 
view by such regulatory authority could have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders of the Products.  
C. 
KEY INFORMATION ON THE PRODUCTS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAM 
What are the main features of the securities? 
The Securities issued under the Program are tokenized bearer stock certificates (debt instruments) under 
German law. The Stock Certificate Tokens are issued upon request and solicitation of holders of public 
stocks or bonds listed on traditional exchanges such as the New York Stock Exchange, London Stock 
Exchange or Frankfurt Stock Exchange (the Underlying). The Issuer offers tokenization services to such 
stockholders and issues Stock Certificate Token against delivery of the corresponding Underlying to a 
Custodian. 
Rights attached to the securities 
The Stock Certificate Tokens do not have a maturity date. Tokenholders are entitled to demand delivery of 
the Underlying from the Custodian at any time.  
If Dividends or Debt Service for the Underlying are paid and received by the Custodian, the Custodian will 
forward such Dividends or Debt Service to a service provider for the conversion (the Conversion Service 
Provider) and the Conversion Service Provider will convert such Dividends or Debt Service into 
corresponding Stable Coins. Tokenholders are entitled to claim Dividend or Debt Service payments in Stable 
Coins via a Dividend Smart Contract. 
The Stock Certificate Tokens are transferable and may be traded by Tokenholders OTC on a bilateral basis. 
The Issuer may further decide to list the token and make them tradeable at platforms or exchanges holding 
necessary licenses, which platforms or exchanges may be whitelisted by the Issuer.  
Ranking of the securities in the event of insolvency 
The Stock Certificate Tokens constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Custodian to deliver, at the 
request of the Tokenholder as forwarded by the Token-Trustee, the Specific Underlying to the Tokenholder 
and rank pari passu with each and all other current and future unsubordinated obligations of the Custodian. 
What are the key risks that are specific to the securities? 
Risks relating to the liquidity of the Notes 
Duration and potential lack of liquid markets 
The Stock Certificate Token do not have a fixed term and do not mature.  
The only means through which a Tokenholder will be able to realize value from a Product will be to redeem 
it or sell it at its then market price in a secondary transaction, i.e. OTC on a bilateral basis or through a 
qualified and licensed platform or exchange on which the Token may have been listed by the Issuer. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Stock Certificate Token will only be transferable on a bilateral basis. 
The Base Prospectus has not been registered with and the Token are not listed on any (crypto) exchange 
or platform by the Issuer and it is unclear when the Issuer will be able to do so. It is specifically unclear, due 
to pending regulatory questions, when qualified and licensed platforms will be available, whether those have 
to be structured as OTFs or MTFs or whether other specific types of crypto-platforms will become licensable 
to operate as a trading platform for security token (such as the Stock Certificate Token) 
In case of redemption, Tokenholders will receive the Underlying as well as outstanding Dividends and Debt 
Service and will thus be exposed to the performance and value, as of the date of the redemption, of the 
Underlying. 
Risk relating to the Underlying  
The Products are issued in the course of tokenization of stock or bonds listed and trading on exchanges 
(the Underlying). Tokenholders have the right to demand delivery of the corresponding Underlying. 
The value of an investment in the products however may not perfectly reflect or track the value of the 
Underlying. At any time, the price at which any Underlying trades on stock exchanges, regulated or 
unregulated markets within the EEA or abroad or any other exchange or market on which they may be 
quoted or traded may not accurately be reflected in changes to the value or price of the Stock Certificate

--- Page 8 ---
pg 8 
Token. The value and price of Stock Certificate Tokens will typically be a function of supply and demand 
amongst Tokenholders wishing to sell and investors wishing to buy such Products. 
Investing in Stock Certificate Token is not the same as investing in the Underlying 
Investing in Stock Certificate Tokens is not the same as making an investment or holding the relevant 
underlying assets of the relevant Product. The return from holding Stock Certificate Tokens is not the same 
as the return from buying or holding the Underlying.   
Performance of the Underlying 
Prospective investors should note that the Stock Certificate Token, their value, and performance is, to a 
certain extent, linked to the performance of the Underlying. Accordingly, prospective investors should be 
aware that the Stock Certificate Tokens may be adversely affected by risks applicable to the Underlying.  
In particular, the value of an Underlying can go down as well as up and the past performance of an 
Underlying will not be indicative of its future performance. There can be no assurance as to the future 
performance of any Underlying. The Stock Certificate Token may trade differently from the performance of 
the Underlying and changes in the value of the Underlying may not result in a comparable change in the 
market value of the Stock Certificate Token.  
Dividend and Debt Service Entitlement and Redemption 
Stock Certificate Token do entitle Tokenholders to receive Dividends and Debt Service paid by the 
Underlying in Stable Coins only. If Dividends and Debt Service are paid by an Underlying, such Dividends 
and Debt Service will be obtained by the Custodian and forwarded to the Conversion Service Provider that 
will, in the following, convert the Dividends and Debt Service received in the corresponding Stable Coins, 
i.e. in Stable Coins being pegged to the currency in which the dividends or the debt service payments have 
been paid, as long as Stable Coins are available under acceptable conditions for the respective currency; it 
is in the free discretion of the Issuer to decide if this is the case or not and to use US Dollar or EUR based 
Stable Coins instead . Such dividends and debt service payments will then be made available in a Smart 
Contract. 
Dividend and Debt Service payments will thus be made in Stable Coins and will not be made automatically. 
Dividend payments and Debt Service Payments need to be claimed by Tokenholders. If dividends or debt 
service payments are not claimed before redemption of a Token, the Tokenholder having redeemed his 
Token is no longer entitled and can no longer claim these amounts which have been paid but not claimed. 
D. 
KEY INFORMATION ON THE OFFER OF THE NOTES TO THE PUBLIC 
Under which conditions and timetable can I invest in this security? 
Investors may at any time approach the Issuer and request the issue of Stock Certificate Token against 
delivery of appropriate Underlying. The terms of such tokenization will be individually agreed between the 
parties and the terms of such Stock Certificate Token will be defined in Final Terms before its issue. The 
Offer Period for specific Stock Certificate Tokens will start at the later of (i) the first day Final Terms for such 
Product are properly filed and published and (ii) the date specified in the Final Terms.  
Stock Certificate Token, once issued, are transferable and may be traded by Tokenholders through OTC 
Contracts on a bilateral basis or on licensed crypto-asset platforms and exchanges on which the Stock 
Certificate Token may be listed by the Issuer (if any).  
The Offer Period ends with the end of the (prolonged) validity period of this Base Prospects or at a date 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Expenses 
Costs related to the issue of Stock Certificate Token will be defined in the Final Terms and are to be borne 
by the investor requesting such issue.  
Why is this Prospectus being produced? 
SwarmX has been established with the purpose to offer services in context with blockchain related business 
operations. In context with the Program, SwarmX specifically offers tokenization services and issues Stock 
Certificate Token. 
Stock Certificate Token created and issued by SwarmX are transferable and may be traded through OTC 
trades or on licensed crypto-platforms or exchanges once the Token have been listed on such platforms or 
exchanges by the Issuer.  
This Prospectus is meant to describe the offering of the tokenization services by SwarmX detailing 
the main features of the Stock Certificate Token.

--- Page 9 ---
pg 9 
For its services in context with issue and redemption of Stock Certificate Tokens, the Issuer charges the 
following fees: 
Token Issuance Fee: The Issuer will charge fees related to the token issuance based on 100 BPS (0.100%) 
of the financial value of the issuance. The Issuer will claim these fees in kind from the Underlying. So e.g. if 
the Issuer tokenizes 1000 X-shares for an investor, then the fee is 10 shares, which are transferred to the 
Issuer, and the investor receives 990 Stock Certificate Tokens. 
Token Redemption Fee: The Issuer will charge fees related to the token redemption based on 100 BPS 
(0.100%) of the financial value of the redemption. The Issuer will claim these fees in kind from the 
Underlying. So e.g. if the Issuer redeems 1000 Stock-Tokens from a Tokenholder, then the fee is 10 shares 
(bonds), which are transferred to the Issuer, and the Stock-Tokenholder receives 990 Underlying. 
The fee described above includes all the expenses related to the services offered by service providers of 
the Products, including administration fees, custodian fees and other fees owed to service providers 
mentioned in this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms. In addition, trading fees may accrue if Tokenholders 
trade and transfer their Stock Certificate Token OTC or on licensed platforms or exchanges on which the 
Token may be listed by the Issuer. 
Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer Swarm X GmbH is a 100 % subsidiary of Swarm Markets GmbH, Germany. The majority 
shareholder (70.51 %) of Swarm Markets GmbH is Swarm Capital GmbH, further 21,43 shares are held by 
M2 Blockchain LLC, Florida (USA). Remaining shares are held by a number of individual shareholders. The 
sole shareholder in Swarm Capital GmbH in turn is Philip Pieper. 
The Issuer does not participate in any form in the financial results and business operations of any of its 
direct or indirect shareholders and none of the direct or indirect shareholders does (directly or indirectly) 
participate in fees related to tokenization and redemption of the Products (other than through receipt of 
dividends, if any).

--- Page 10 ---
pg 10 
RISK FACTORS  
Certain capitalized terms used in this section are defined in the Terms and Conditions and/or the Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Products. There may however be other, additional risks leading to the inability of the Issuer or any of the 
Parties involved in the Program to comply with their obligations under the Program and the Issuer does not 
warrant that the statements below regarding the risks are exhaustive. Before making an investment 
decision, prospective Investors in the Products should consider carefully, in the light of their own financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, all the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and the respective Final Terms in order to reach their own views before making any investment 
decision.  
I. 
GENERAL RISKS 
This Base Prospectus identifies in general terms certain information that a prospective investor is advised 
to consider prior to making an investment in the Products. However, a prospective investor is advised, 
without any reliance on the Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates, to conduct its own thorough analysis 
(including its own accounting, legal and tax analysis) prior to deciding whether to invest in any of the 
Products issued under the Program. Any evaluation of the suitability for an investor of an investment in 
Products issued under the Program depends upon a prospective investor’s particular financial and other 
circumstances, as well as on specific terms of the relevant Product and, if it does not have experience in 
financial, business and investment matters sufficient to permit it to make such a determination, it is advised 
to consult with its financial adviser prior to deciding whether or not to make an investment in the Products.  
The Products are complex, structured debt products involving a significant degree of risk. In particular, an 
investment in the Products linked to certain underlying assets is only appropriate for investors that also 
understand the risks associated with the underlying assets. The Products may involve a high degree of risk 
and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their investment. 
The Products may therefore not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the 
Products is advised to determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances and is 
advised to consult with its legal, business, tax advisers and such other advisers as it deems appropriate to 
determine the consequences of an investment in the Products and to arrive at its own evaluations of the 
investment. 
In particular, each potential investor is advised to: 
(a)  
be financially sophisticated in that it either (i) has the requisite knowledge and experience in financial, 
business and investment matters and of investing in investments offering a similar economic 
exposure to the Products, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate resources, to evaluate the 
information contained in this document and the relevant Final Terms and the merits and risks of an 
investment in the Products in the context of such investors’ financial position and circumstances; or 
(ii) if it does not have such knowledge, experience and access, have consulted with appropriate 
advisers who do have such knowledge, experience and access; 
(b)  
understand thoroughly the terms of the Products and be familiar with the behavior of the market of 
the Products and any underlying assets relating to a particular Product; and 
(c)  
have an asset base sufficiently substantial as to enable it to sustain any loss that they might suffer 
as a result of an investment in the Products and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to 
bear all of the risks of an investment in the Products including, without limitation, any currency 
exposure arising from the currency for payments, including Stable Coins and cryptocurrencies, 
potentially being different to the prospective investor’s currency. 
This Base Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice, and none of the Issuer or any 
other Offeror makes any recommendation as to the suitability of the Products as an investment. The 
provision of this Base Prospectus to prospective investors is not based on any prospective investor’s 
individual circumstances and should not be relied upon as an assessment of suitability for any prospective 
investor to invest in the Products. Even if the Issuer or an Offeror possess limited information as to the 
objectives of any prospective investor, this will not be deemed sufficient for any assessment of suitability for 
such person of the Products. Any trading or investment decisions a prospective investor takes are in reliance 
on its own analysis and judgment and/or that of its advisers and not in reliance on the Issuer or any of the 
Offerors.  
In particular, each prospective investor in the Products must determine, based on its own independent 
review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition 
of the Products (i) is fully consistent with its (or, if it is acquiring the Products in a fiduciary capacity, the 
beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Products as principal 
or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the 
Products in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent 
in investing in or holding the Products.

--- Page 11 ---
pg 11 
Each prospective investor in Products is advised to have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Products, including, without limitation, where the currency for 
payments is different from the potential investor’s currency, the associated currency exposure.  
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor is advised to therefore consult its legal advisers 
to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Products are legal investments for it, (ii) if relevant, the 
Products can be used as underlying securities for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply 
to its purchase or, if relevant, pledge, of any of the Products. Financial institutions are advised to consult 
their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Products 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
II. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activities 
The Issuer has been newly established in January 2022 and does not have a long and comprehensive track 
record.  
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole business of issuing Products under the Program or 
products of similar characteristics. The Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than its initial capital and 
future fees it intends to obtain in context with the issue of Stock Certificate Tokens or similar products.  
Legal and regulatory risks 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority  
The Issuer is not required to be licensed or authorized under any current securities, commodities, or banking 
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation in order to be allowed to offer the services as further described in this 
Base Prospectus and will operate without supervision by any authority in any jurisdiction. There is no 
assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or more jurisdictions would not take a contrary view 
regarding the applicability of any such laws to the Issuer. The taking of a contrary view by such regulatory 
authority could have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders of the Products.  
III. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS 
Risks Relating to the Stock Certificate Token  
The Products issued and offered under the Program are tokenized bearer stock certificates (debt 
instruments) under German law. The Stock Certificate Tokens are issued upon request and solicitation of 
holders of public stocks or bonds listed on traditional exchanges such as the New York Stock Exchange, 
London Stock Exchange or Frankfurt Stock Exchange (the Underlying). The Issuer offers tokenization 
services to such stockholders and issues Stock Certificate Token against delivery of the corresponding 
Underlying to a Custodian. 
Stock Certificate Tokens are transferable and may be sold and traded OTC on a bilateral basis or on 
authorized crypto platforms and exchanges once and if whitelisted by the Issuer. As the regulatory 
treatment of security token and related platforms and exchanges and their providers is still 
uncertain in some aspects, there is no guarantee that Stock Certificate Token may be tradeable on 
such platforms (other than platforms qualifying as OTF or MTF) and exchanges in due course or at 
all. 
Dividend Entitlement and Redemption 
Stock Certificate Token do entitle Tokenholders to receive Dividends or Debt Service paid by the Underlying 
in Stable Coins only. If Dividends are paid by an Underlying, such Dividends or Debt Service will be obtained 
by the Custodian and forwarded to the Issuer. The Issuer will, in the following, convert the Dividends or Debt 
Service received in the corresponding Stable Coins, i.e. in Stable Coins being pegged to the currency in 
which the dividends or Debt Service have been paid as long as Stable Coins are available under acceptable 
conditions for the respective currency; it is in the free discretion of the Issuer to decide whether this is the 
case and to use US Dollar or EUR based Stable Coins instead. Such dividends or Debt Service will then be 
made available in a Smart Contract. 
Dividend or Debt Service payments will thus be made in Stable Coins and will not be made automatically. 
Dividend or Debt Service payments need to be claimed by Tokenholders. If dividends or Debt Service are 
not claimed before redemption of a Token although having been expressively alerted to that fact, the 
Tokenholder having redeemed his Token is no longer entitled and can no longer claim dividends or Debt 
Service which have been paid but not claimed. 
Risks relating to the liquidity of the Notes 
Duration and potential lack of liquid markets 
The Stock Certificate Token do not have a fixed term and do not mature.

--- Page 12 ---
pg 12 
The only means through which a Tokenholder will be able to realize value from a Product will be to redeem 
it or sell it at its then market price in a secondary transaction, i.e. OTC on a bilateral basis or through a 
qualified and licensed platform or exchange once and if the Token have been listed on such platform or 
exchange by the Issuer. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, neither has the Base Prospectus been 
registered nor have Stock Certificate Token been listed on such crypto exchanges or platforms by the Issuer 
and it is unclear when (and if) the Issuer will be able to do so, it is specifically unclear, due to pending 
regulatory questions, when qualified and licensed platforms will be available. 
In case of redemption, Tokenholders will receive the Underlying and will thus be exposed to the performance 
and value, as of the date of the redemption, of the Underlying. 
Risk relating to the Underlying  
The Products are issued in the course of tokenization of stock or bonds listed and trading on exchanges 
(the Underlying). Tokenholders have the right to demand delivery of the corresponding Underlying at any 
time. 
The value of an investment in the products however may not perfectly reflect or track the value of the 
Underlying. At any time, the price at which any Underlying trades on stock exchanges, regulated or 
unregulated markets within the EEA or abroad or on any other exchange or market on which they may be 
quoted or traded may not accurately be reflected in changes to the value or price of the Stock Certificate 
Token. The value and price of Stock Certificate Tokens will typically be a function of supply and demand 
amongst Tokenholders wishing to sell and investors wishing to buy such Products. 
Investing in Stock Certificate Token is not the same as investing in the Underlying 
Investing in Stock Certificate Token is not the same as making an investment or holding the relevant 
underlying assets of the relevant Product. The return from holding Stock Certificate Tokens is not the same 
as the return from buying or holding the Underlying.   
Performance of the Underlying 
Prospective investors should note that the Stock Certificate Token, their value and performance is, to a 
certain extent, linked to the performance of the Underlying. Accordingly, prospective investors should be 
aware that the Stock Certificate Token may be adversely affected by risks applicable to the Underlying.  
In particular, the value of an Underlying can go down as well as up and the past performance of an 
Underlying will not be indicative of its future performance. There can be no assurance as to the future 
performance of any Underlying. The Stock Certificate Token may trade differently from the performance of 
the Underlying and changes in the value of the Underlying may not result in a comparable change in the 
market value of the Stock Certificate Token.  
Technological Risks 
Risk Factors related to Smart Contracts 
Tokenization as well as trading activities and redemption of the Stock Certificate Tokens will be made 
through and executed by Smart Contracts. 
There is a risk of malfunctions of such Smart Contracts which may lead to a situation where transactions 
cannot be (timely) completed, in exceptional circumstances, assets transferred may be lost with no 
countervalue being transferred to the investor. 
Risk Factors Related to Networks  
The Class of digital asset investments is growing at a rapid pace though not all risks relating to the underlying 
technology may be known. As new digital assets develop and attract interest from the development 
community and investors, they may also become greater targets for exploitation. A hack to one digital asset’s 
network may harm public perception of such asset’s network and other digital assets in general, thus 
negatively impacting an investment in the Products. Some digital assets (and agreements to purchase digital 
assets) may be or become subject to the securities laws or other regulation in one or more jurisdictions, 
which may negatively impact the digital asset and have negative legal consequences and/or result in 
increased expenses for the Purchaser. Investments in digital assets are highly speculative. 
Regulation of digital assets continues to evolve, which may restrict the use of digital assets or 
otherwise impact the demand for digital assets 
Regulators and governments in various jurisdictions have focused on regulation of digital assets. Digital 
asset market disruptions and resulting governmental interventions are, to some extent, unpredictable, and 
may even make digital assets or certain digital assets illegal altogether. Future regulations and directives in 
some jurisdictions may conflict with those of other jurisdictions and such regulatory actions may restrict or 
make some or all digital assets illegal in some jurisdictions. Future regulations and directives may impact 
the demand for digital assets and may also affect the ability of digital assets exchanges to operate and for 
other market participants to enter into digital assets transactions. To the extent that future regulatory actions

--- Page 13 ---
pg 13 
or policies limit or restrict digital asset usage, digital asset trading or the ability to convert digital assets to 
fiat currencies, the demand for digital assets may be reduced, which may adversely affect investments in 
the Products.  
Regulation of digital assets continues to evolve, the ultimate impact of which remains unclear and may 
adversely affect, among other things, the availability, value, or performance of digital assets and, thus, the 
Stock Certificate Tokens or assets invested in order to swap against Stock Certificate Tokens or digital 
assets received in exchange for Stock Certificate Tokens.  
Additional regulation or changes to existing regulation may also have the consequence that the Issuer may 
be subject to a more complex regulatory framework and incur additional costs to comply with new 
requirements as well as to monitor for compliance with any new requirements going forward.  
IV. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER 
Investors wishing to use the tokenization services of the Issuer may approach the Issuer and request an 
offer relating to the tokenization and issue of Stock Certificate Tokens relating to a certain Underlying.  
Stock Certificate Tokens are transferable and may be traded in the form of OTC-Contracts on a bilateral 
basis or on licensed crypto-platforms or exchanges, once available and once the Token have been listed 
by the Issuer on such platforms or exchanges.  
The acquisition of Stock Certificate Tokens through an OTC-Contract on a bilateral basis or a crypto-
exchange or platform may be executed through Smart Contracts which bears the risk that, in case of 
malfunctions, the Investor may not be able to complete a transaction or that the assets he transferred to the 
Seller, the OTC-Contract or the platform or exchange may be lost whilst he may not receive the Stock 
Certificate Tokens in exchange. 
V. 
RISKS RELATED TO OTHER PARTIES TO THE PROGRAM 
The Token Trustee 
Issue and redemption of the Stock Certificate Token will be monitored by a Token Trustee. 
Tokenholders must be aware that, in case of redemption, they will only receive the Underlying after having 
transferred their Stock Certificate Token. There may be a (substantial) delay between delivery of the Stock 
Certificate Token and the point in time when the Token Trustee confirms receipt of a redemption request 
and corresponding Stock Certificate Token to the Custodian and the Custodian delivers the Underlying. 
Changes in the value of the Underlying will be at the risk of the Tokenholder. 
The Custodian 
The Underlying for the Stock Certificate Tokens will be held by a Custodian on an account earmarked as 
being assets held for Tokenholders. 
In case of redemption, the Custodian will only deliver corresponding Underlying to a Tokenholder if the 
Custodian receives prior confirmation from the Token Trustee that a proper redemption request has been 
filed and the corresponding Stock Certificate Token have been made available.

--- Page 14 ---
pg 14 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER  
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER  
Name, Registered Office, Location 
SwarmX GmbH with registered office and address at Pestalozzistr. 3, 10625 Berlin, Germany, LEI 
984500H93FZ5D50AFE98, is the issuer (the Issuer). The website of the Issuer is www.swarmx.net and the 
contact e-mail for investors is investors@swarmx.net, the telephone number of the Issuer is +49 (30) 
22184360. 
Incorporation, Legal Form, Duration, Register Number 
SwarmX GmbH was incorporated and registered in Berlin-Charlottenburg on 21.01.2022 as a limited liability 
company under the laws of Germany for an unlimited duration. As of that day, SwarmX GmbH is registered 
in the Berlin-Charlottenburg company registry under the number HRB 237948 B. 
Purpose and Date of the Articles of Incorporation 
The Issuer has been incorporated with resolution of the partners on 20.12.2021, the articles of incorporation 
are dated 20.12.2021. The purpose of the Company according to Art 2 of its Articles of Incorporation is 
offering services for business models using blockchain. 
SwarmX GmbH is not authorized or subject to prudential supervision and does not offer any services which 
would require a license or trigger such prudential supervision. 
No Rating 
No rating is available for the Issuer. 
INFORMATION ON THE BODIES OF THE ISSUER  
Managing Directors 
The business and affairs of SwarmX are managed by the managing directors that exercise all such powers 
necessary for managing, directing, and supervising the management of the business and affairs of the 
company insofar these are not, according to the statutes or the articles of incorporation, required to be dealt 
with by the general meeting of the partners.  
The business address of the members of the board of directors is at SwarmX GmbH, Pestalozzistr. 3, 10625 
Berlin, Germany. 
The managing directors of SwarmX are Peter Schott Ghyssaert Aceves and Philipp Pieper. 
Peter Schott Ghyssaert Aceves is an experienced bank manager and has held executive positions for 
structuring and managing financial products in an international context as well as leadership positions in the 
real estate industry such as: RSI Unternehmensgruppe, Wiesbaden, Managing Director (2015-2021), 
Kiep+Co., Kronberg; Head of Finance (2014–2015), Aalternativ S.A., Luxembourg, Chief Financial Officer 
and Member of the Board (2012 – 2013), Westdeutsche Immobilien Bank AG, Mainz, Managing Director 
and Head of Securitisation, Syndication and Portfoliomanagement (2008 – 2012), Aareal Bank AG, 
Wiesbaden, Managing Director and Head of Credit Treasury (2001 – 2007), Dresdner Kleinwort 
Wasserstein, Luxembourg and New York, Vice President and Group Leader Syndicated Loans, Global 
Finance (1996 – 2001).  
Since June 2021, he is managing Swarm Capital GmbH, Vaduz (Liechtenstein) and SwarmX GmbH, Berlin. 
Philipp Pieper is a recognized executive, technology entrepreneur and product strategist with broad 
experience and reputation in blockchain and digital media. He has proven his ability to build large-scale 
data products and sustainable digital business models and has extensive experience in the areas of 
strategic leadership, digital product and business model design, recruiting and retaining exceptional 
technical talent, and building trusted and industry-leading technology platforms. He inter alia held positions 
with Deutsche Bank Capital Partners (Investment Manager, 2001-2002), Allianz Group (Chief of Staff, 
Growth Markets (APAC, CEEMA, AU), 09/2002-04/2005), Proximic Inc. (Palo Alto) (Co-Founder & CEO, 
04/2006 - 05/2015, acquired by comScore), Swarm Network (Co-Founder and Executive Advisor Council 
Member, 11/2017-12/2019). 
He is Co-Founder of Loop Media Inc. (Palo Alto) since 02/2016 and Co-Founder and Managing Director of 
Swarm Group (i.e. the entities Swarm Capital GmbH, Swarm Markets GmbH, SwarmX GmbH).  
There are currently no conflicts of interest between the managing directors of the Issuer and the private 
interests of the managing directors. No conflicts of interest are generated by the fact that the before stated 
persons hold functions in several entities of the Swarm Group. If the Issuer whitelists the Swarm platform in 
the future, the Swarm platform is interested in having tokens listed on the Swarm platform. Therefore, the

--- Page 15 ---
pg 15 
Issuer and the Swarm platform are having aligned interests. Since the Issuer does not participate in any 
form in the financial results and the transactions on the Swarm platform and the Swarm platform does not 
participate in fees related to tokenization and redemption of the Products, there is no conflict of interest 
related to the business operations of the affiliated entities  
Founder and Shareholder 
Swarm Markets GmbH, Germany, is the founder and sole shareholder of SwarmX. The majority shareholder 
(70.51%) of Swarm Markets GmbH is Swarm Capital GmbH, further 21,43 shares are held by M2 Blockchain 
LLC, Florida (USA). Remaining shares are held by a number of individual shareholders. The sole 
shareholder in Swarm Capital GmbH in turn is Philip Pieper. 
Stock Certificate Tokens may be listed on crypto exchanges or platforms in the future including on a Platform 
operated by Swarm Capital GmbH. There is no conflict of interest if the Stock Certificate Token are listed 
on the Platform operated by Swarm Capital GmbH since the Issuer does not participate in any form in the 
financial results and the transactions on the exchanges where the Stock Certificate Token may be traded 
and such platforms or exchanges do not participate in fees related to tokenization and redemption of the 
Products. 
 
 
Auditor(s)  
The statutory auditor of the Issuer is Ausborn & Partner mbB, Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Steuerberatungsgesellschaft, Barmbeker Markt 42, 22081 Hamburg.      
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF THE ISSUER  
Business  
The Issuer has been established in order to provide services for business models using the blockchain. The 
Issuer’s business operations are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, limited to the business operations 
described in this Prospectus, i.e. the issue of Stock Certificate Tokens and related operations (e.g. entering 
into contracts with service providers, redemption of Stock Certificate Token). The Issuer may engage in 
additional though similar business operations relating to other assets than the Underlying of the Products 
as described in this Prospectus in the future. 
For its services, the Issuer charges fees to the Tokenholders in context with the issue and redemption of 
Stock Certificate Token under the Program. The income generated through these fees is considered 
sufficient by the Issuer in order to cover its operating costs. 
The Issuer is targeting European investors, including retail investors, that are interested in Stock Certificate 
Token programs. 
The Issuers competitors may be companies that are offering the tokenization of stocks and support listing 
on platforms that are licensed to operate as security token exchanges in Europe. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, no such platform with any relevant business volume is licensed for substantial listing 
and trading activities. It is expected that, in the course of the next years, several security token exchanges 
will develop substantial business in Europe. 
Business Outlook & Trends  
As the token economy has tremendously developed over the last years and gradually includes all asset 
classes, it is to be expected that the asset class of tokenized stock and stock certificates will also develop 
rapidly. The basis for this development is a sound regulatory concept mirroring all regulatory requirements 
already applicable to financial instruments, particularly in terms of public offerings and trading on token 
exchanges. Since those prerequisites are now fulfilled, the Issuer expects to see substantial growth. There 
are no substantial detrimental developments in the market which might have a substantial impact on the 
Issuer, its business prospects, or its financial situation.

--- Page 16 ---
pg 16 
This statement arises from the fact that stock certificate tokens are linked to the underlying stock or bonds. 
Therefore, the performance and valuation follows the performance and valuation of the underlying stock or 
bonds. This distinguishes them from cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin or Ether, which are not linked to an 
underlying asset and solely depend on whether market participants believe that the respective 
cryptocurrency will be in sufficient demand and use in the future to maintain or increase its value. Since 
there is no reference to an underlying asset, cryptocurrencies naturally are much more susceptible to price 
fluctuations. 
If so-called stable coins - claiming to be stably pegged to a FIAT currency – are issued, it also depends on 
whether such stable coin is credibly backed by assets. If it turns out that this is not the case, the market 
could lose confidence in the claim and the Stable Coin could quickly lose value. 
However, the Issuer considers it to be highly unlikely that Stock Certificate Token will be subject to such 
volatility or to volatility as seen recently in the cryptocurrency market because a Stock Certificate Token it 
is undeniably backed by real stock. Stock Certificate Token will thus rather follow the market developments 
of such Underlying and are expected to show a volatility correlating to that of the Underlying rather than that 
of (unrelated) cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin. 
Pending or threatened litigations or administrative proceedings 
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which may have or 
have had during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the 
financial position or prospects of the Issuer or the group's financial position or profitability nor are, so far as 
the Issuer is aware, any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Capital and voting rights of the Issuer  
As of the date hereof, the share capital of SwarmX GmbH amounts to 25.000 EUR, divided into 25.000 
shares, of which 12.500 EUR are paid in.      
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ISSUER AND MATERIAL CHANGES 
The financial year of the Issuer ends on 31 December of each year. The Issuer was incorporated in January 
2022, therefore, no historical financial information is available. An opening balance sheet as of 20.12.2021 
is made available as Annex to this Base Prospectus. 
For the year 2022 and ongoing, financial statements will be established and audited in accordance with 
German accounting principles. 
Material Agreements  
1. The Issuer has concluded a Ledger Trustee Agreement with the Token Trustee with the following key 
terms: 
• 
The Token Trustee is responsible for triggering the transfer of the Stock Certificate Tokens to the 
stockholders, who have solicited tokenization of a certain Underlying, once the Custodian confirms 
the receipt of the stocks or bonds. 
• 
The Token Trustee is responsible for handling the Redemption of the Stock Certificate Tokens and 
the delivery of the underlying stocks or bonds. 
2. The Issuer has concluded a Custodian Agreement with a custodian for the Underlying, i.e. stock or 
bonds noted on global stock exchanges. The Custodian Agreement between the Issuer and the 
Custodian has the following key terms: 
• 
The Custodian is holding the shares or bonds as well as Dividends or Debt Service in custody for 
the Stock Certificate Holders (echter Vertrag zugunsten Dritter). 
• 
The Custodian transfers the shares or bonds according to the instruction of the Token-Trustee to 
any account indicated by the Token Trustee.   
• 
The Custodian transfers Dividends and Debt Service received for the Underlying according to the 
instructions of the Issuer to a service provider which will convert the Dividends and Debt Service 
into Stable Coins (“Conversion Service Provider”).  
• 
Communication related to the shares in the course of the initial issue of Stock Certificate Tokens 
and redemption is carried out with the Token-Trustee. 
Apart therefrom, the Issuer has not entered into agreements out of its regular business operations which 
contracts might have a material impact on the ability of the Issuer to comply with its obligations and to 
perform its duties as set forth in this Prospectus.

--- Page 17 ---
pg 17 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OVER THE PRODUCTS 
PROGRAM ON THE ISSUANCE AND OFFER OF STOCK CERTIFICATE TOKEN 
On January 27, 2022 the Issuer established a program (the Program) for the issuance and offer of Stock 
Certificate Token (the Products) as further described in this Base Prospectus and Final Terms for each 
Product. 
A. Tokenization 
1. Tokenization Process 
The Issuer supports investors as a technical service provider in that it issues Stock Certificate Tokens (the 
Stock Tokens or Products) upon request of investors and against delivery of underlying assets 
(Tokenization). As such underlying assets, stocks or bonds listed on traditional exchanges such as the 
New York Stock Exchange, London Stock Exchange, or Frankfurt Stock Exchange (the Underlying) are 
accepted.  
For the purpose of Tokenization, interested parties (Stockholder) contact the Issuer soliciting the issuance 
of Stock Certificate Tokens. In a first step, a Stockholder has to qualify as an acceptable counterparty to the 
Issuer through an onboarding process whereby the Issuer may be supported by service providers. Such 
onboarding entails habitual KYC, AML and other qualification processes as required by financial institutions 
(Onboarding). 
After onboarding, the Stockholder transfers the underlying assets to a Custodian named by the Issuer in 
exchange for receipt of Stock Certificate Tokens.  
For each specific stock or bond, i.e. each specific Underlying, specific Stock Certificate Tokens are issued. 
The Tokenization process is monitored by Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (the Token-
Trustee) and is a step-by-step process where the delivery of the respective underlying assets into an 
account maintained by the Issuer with a Custodian triggers the minting and issue of Stock Certificate 
Tokens: (i) the Stockholder is instructed to transfer the underlying assets to the Custodian; (ii) the Custodian 
confirms receipt of the assets in an account of the Issuer held by the Custodian to the Token-Trustee, and 
(iii) the Token Trustee forwards the Stock Certificate Tokens it has received from the Issuer to a Wallet 
specified by the Stockholder (Wallet).  
The process of solicitation and tokenization is based on a technical protocol accessible through the webpage 
of the Issuer (www.swarmx.net) with a detailed step-by-step explanation. The solicitation has to be inserted 
into a smart contract based on the Ethereum blockchain (Smart Contract). 
The following graph shows the Tokenization process including timeline: 
   
2. 
Main Features of Stock Certificate Token / Rights of Tokenholders 
Stock Certificate Tokens represent a Tokenholders entitlement to demand delivery of the shares or 
bonds corresponding to the shares or bonds contributed by him against receipt of the Stock 
Certificate Tokens directly from the Custodian at any time. 
The Custodian Agreement between the Issuer and the Custodian has two key terms: 
- 
the Custodian must not transfer the underlying assets to any person other than the holder of 
corresponding Stock Certificate Token (echter Vertrag zugunsten Dritter); and 
- 
communication related to the transfer of underlying assets in the course of the initial issue of Stock 
Certificate Token and redemption is run through the Token-Trustee and not through the Issuer. 
This set up and contractual obligations guarantee that the Custodian holds the underlying assets for the 
Stock Certificate Token-Holders exclusively and that the Issuer does not have any access to those assets.

--- Page 18 ---
pg 18 
If Dividends or Debt Service for the Underlying are paid and received by the Custodian, the Custodian 
will, on the basis of the Custodian Agreement, forward such assets to the Conversion Service Provider that 
will convert Dividends and Debt Service into FIAT Stable Coins (Stable Coins). The Conversion Service 
Provider will deposit such Stable Coins into a specific smart contract for each specific Stock Certificate 
Token (Dividend Smart Contract), where each Tokenholder can claim their prorated amounts into their 
personal wallet based on their Stock Certificate Token holdings. Such claim by the Stock-Tokenholder can 
be made at any time (and not only in case of redemption). The Conversion Service Provider will regularly 
supply the Dividends and Debt Service into the Dividend Smart Contract, at the latest at the end of each 
quarter after receipt. 
3. Redemption of Stock Certificate Tokens  
At any point in time, a Tokenholder may redeem his Stock Certificate Token and claim the Underlying.  
The redemption request can be placed by the Tokenholder directly in a Smart Contract with the procedure 
being further explained in detail on the webpage of the Issuer and in the Terms and Conditions. Redemption 
requests are executed regularly, at a minimum once a month or more often whenever there are redemption 
requests corresponding to redemption amounts exceeding €100,000.   
The Token-Trustee is responsible to monitor the Smart Contract and will notify the Custodian about 
Redemption requests and Stock Certificate Tokens having been placed for Redemption. Upon receipt of a 
redemption request and the corresponding Stock Certificate Token, the Underlying is delivered by the 
Custodian to the Tokenholder’s account with the Custodian or another bank/broker (Redemption). Once 
the Token-Trustee receives confirmation by the Custodian that the Underlying has been transferred to the 
account of the Stock-Tokenholder, the Token-Trustee grants the redemption request, which triggers the 
burning of the corresponding Stock Certificate Tokens in the Smart Contract (Burning).  
Dividends and Debt Service must be claimed by Tokenholders before initiating a redemption request. The 
Tokenholder will be alerted prior to finalizing the redemption request that he has to claim the Dividends and 
Debt Service. Dividends and Debt Service not claimed in time will be allocated proportionally to all 
Tokenholders with the same Underlying.  
The Redemption process on the timeline is shown in the following: 
 
 
B. Transferability of Stock Certificate Token OTC (bilateral) and on 
trading platforms 
1. 
Trading through OTC Contracts 
Stock Certificate Tokens are transferable and may be traded by Tokenholders  in markets they chose via 
OTC-Contracts, i.e. on a bilateral basis.  
2. 
Trading of Stock-Tokens through crypto-exchanges and platforms 
The Issuer will further take best efforts to register the Base Prospectus with and to list Stock Certificate 
Token for trading on licensed crypto-platforms or exchanges, if any. 
The Issuer controls, through the Smart Contract, on which platform Stock Certificate Tokens will be listed 
and made tradeable in the future. Stock Certificate Token will be made tradeable on appropriately licensed 
platforms whitelisted by the Issuer only.  
For the Stock Cer,ﬁcate Tokens held the Stock-Token-Holder 
claims all outstanding stable coin dividends from the Dividend 
Smart Contract
Stock-Token-Holder issues a redemp,on request within the 
smart contract to receive Underlying stocks in exchange for 
the Stock Cer,ﬁcate Tokens
Token-Trustee receives the redemp,on request via the smart 
contract and ini,ates a transfer with the Custodian of the 
Underlying into the account speciﬁed in the request
Custodian transfers the Underlying to the account of the 
Stock-Token-Holder (a separate Onboarding with Custodian 
may apply)
Custodian informs the Token-Trustee of the successful 
transfer
Token-Trustee conﬁrms transfer within the smart contract, 
which triggers the burning of the respec,ve Stock Cer,ﬁcate 
Tokens
REDEMPTION OF STOCK CERTIFICATE TOKENS
1
2
3
4
STOCK-TOKEN- HOLDER
CUSTODIAN
DIVIDEND SMART CONTRACT
TOKEN-TRUSTEE
4
1
3
2
5
6
5
6

--- Page 19 ---
pg 19 
Tokenholders may then sell their tokens on such platforms or exchanges and in accordance with their rules. 
The whitelisting of platforms by the Issuer is subject to such platform taking responsibility for ensuring that 
all of their users that become Tokenholders are qualified based on compliance requirements. This includes 
verification of identification via a dedicated Onboarding process. 
Investors must be aware that, as of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has not yet « whitelisted » 
any such Platform, the Stock Certificate Token are not listed on any such platform or exchange and 
Tokenholders may, as of the date of this Prospectus, sell and transfer their Stock Certificate Token 
only outside such platforms in bilateral (OTC) contracts. 
C. Yield 
The yield of a Product cannot be calculated at the issue date of a Product or at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Tokenholders are generally exposed to the performance and yield (including dividend payments, if any) of 
the Underlying as these data may impact on the value of a specific Stock Certificate Token and thus on the 
price potential purchasers and traders are willing to pay. The performance of the Underlying is further 
decisive as to dividends or debt service payments Tokenholders may claim (in Stable Coins). Furthermore, 
in case of redemption, Tokenholders will receive the Underlying in kind. 
The yield of a specific Product will furthermore depend on fees due in context with the tokenization, trade 
and redemption of a Product, in addition, Tokenholders may be obliged to pay additional personal fees (e.g. 
for advisors) as well as taxes depending on tax legislation they are subject to.

--- Page 20 ---
pg 20 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The Issuer may from time-to-time issue Products under the Program, linked to shares or rights related to 
shares as well as bonds as listed on exchanges (the Underlying, each stock individually Specific 
Underlying). The Products are transferable and the Issuer take best efforts to list the Products on trading 
platforms or exchanges (Whitelisting) and allow the Stock Certificate Tokens to be tradeable on those 
platforms.  
Products are therefore issued and offered on the terms and conditions set out in this section of the Base 
Prospectus (Terms and Conditions) in conjunction with the respective Final Terms relating to the Products. 
Capitalized terms in the Terms and Conditions not defined in this section will have the meaning set out in 
the Final Terms. 
Investors are deemed to have read and taken notice of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions, the 
Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of SwarmX GmbH, the Custody Agreement and the Ledger Trustee 
Agreement. 
Terms and Conditions 
Terms defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus form an integral part of these Terms and Conditions. A 
reference table of all defined terms is set out in the Glossary. 
1. Product Type 
The Products issued under the Program are tokenized bearer stock certificates (debt instruments) under 
German 
law 
(Stock 
Certificate 
Tokens) 
within 
the 
meaning 
of 
§ 
2 
Abs 
31 
WpHG 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz). The Stock Certificate Token do not have a fixed maturity date. 
2. Securities – form and transferability 
2.1 The Stock Certificate Token for each Product will be issued in the form of cryptographic tokens (Tokens) 
created by the Issuer for the holders of Underlying (Underlying-Holders) according to the following 
stipulations. The Stock Certificate Token will be issued on the ETH blockchain and the blockchain 
serves as the register of Tokenholders and will be monitored by the Issuer. 
The Stock Certificate Token are transferable on the Ethereum blockchain and can be traded OTC or on 
authorized trading platforms to be whitelisted by the Issuer and on which the Stock Certificate Token 
are listed by the Issuer. 
3. Tokenization 
3.1 The Issuer offers tokenization services to investors wishing to obtain Stock Certificate Tokens against 
delivery of the Underlying to a Custodian. Underlying assets are limited to stocks or bonds listed on 
traditional exchanges such as the New York Stock Exchange, London Stock Exchange, or Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (the Underlying). 
3.2 For the purpose of Tokenization, investors contact the Issuer via agent-onboarding@swarmx.net 
soliciting the issuance of Stock Certificate Tokens.  
In a first step, an investor must qualify as an acceptable counterparty to the Issuer through onboarding 
as a client. Such onboarding entails habitual KYC, AML and other qualification processes as usually 
required by financial institutions (Onboarding).  
3.3 After onboarding, the investor transfers the Underlying to a Custodian named by the Issuer in exchange 
for receipt of Stock Certificate Tokens. 
3.4 For each specific stock or bond, i.e. each specific Underlying, specific Stock Certificate Tokens are 
issued. The Tokenization process is monitored by Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (the 
Token-Trustee) and is a step-by-step process where the delivery of the respective Underlying into an 
account maintained by the Issuer with a Custodian triggers the minting and issue of Stock Certificate 
Tokens:  
(i) the investor is instructed to transfer the Underlying to the Custodian.  
(ii) the Custodian confirms receipt of the assets in an account held by the Custodian and earmarked to 
hold assets of holders of Stock Certificate Token. The assets held in such account are segregated from 
other assets of the Issuer and other assets held by the Custodian. 
(iii) the Token Trustee issues the order to mint the new Tokens (Stock Certificate Tokens) for the 
Specific Underlying. 
(iv) the Token Trustee executes the Smart Contract forwarding Stock Certificate Tokens from the Issuer 
to a Wallet specified by the Investor (Wallet).

--- Page 21 ---
pg 21 
3.5 The Issue of Stock Certificate Tokens for a specific Underlying is not limited in terms of maximum volume 
or maximum number of pieces. Stock Certificate Tokens can be issued on an ongoing basis whenever 
investors wish such issue against delivery of corresponding Underlying and such request is accepted 
by the Issuer. 
3.6 The process of solicitation and tokenization is based on a technical protocol accessible through the 
webpage of the Issuer (www.swarmx.net) with a detailed step-by-step explanation. The solicitation must 
be inserted into a smart contract based on the Ethereum blockchain (Smart Contract).  
4. Rights of the Tokenholders 
The Stock Certificate Token entitle Investors to demand delivery of the Underlying from the Custodian at 
any time against delivery of the corresponding Stock Certificate Token. The Stock Certificate Token 
constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Custodian to deliver, at the request of the Tokenholder as 
forwarded by the Token-Trustee, the Specific Underlying to the Tokenholder and rank pari passu with each 
and all other current and future unsubordinated obligations of the Custodian. 
If Dividends or Debt Service for the Underlying are paid and received by the Custodian (Dividends, Debt 
Service), such Dividends or Debt Service will be forwarded to the Conversion Service Provider that will 
convert Dividends and Debt Service into FIAT Stable Coins (Stable Coins). The Conversion Service 
Provider will deposit such Stable Coins into a specific smart contract for each specific Stock Certificate 
Token (Dividend Smart Contract), where each Tokenholder can claim their prorated amounts into their 
personal wallet based on their Stock Certificate Token holdings (Dividend Claim). Such claim by the Stock-
Tokenholder can be made at any time (and not only in case of redemption). The Conversion Service 
Provider will regularly supply the dividends into the Dividend Smart Contract, at the latest at the end of the 
quarter after receipt.  
Prior to claiming Redemption according to section 5, the Tokenholder has to make the Dividend-Claim since 
after Redemption, the Dividend Claim is no longer possible; the Tokenholder will be alerted that Dividends 
need to be claimed when initiating the Redemption. Non-claimed Dividend Claims are allocated 
proportionally to all Tokenholders holding this Underlying. 
Stock Certificate Tokens can furthermore be traded OTC (on a bilateral basis) and on authorized crypto-
platforms or exchanges once and if such platforms are whitelisted by the Issuer. 
Investors holding and trading the Products have exposure to the performance of the Underlying. 
5. Redemption 
The Products do not have a fixed maturity date. 
5.1 Tokenholder Redemption 
At any point in time, a Tokenholder may redeem his Stock Certificate Token and claim the Underlying. Such 
claim is directly due to the Tokenholder against the Custodian (echter Vertrag zugunsten Dritter). 
Redemption requests are executed regularly, at a minimum once a month or, if there is a minimal redemption 
amount (exceeding €100,000), at that point. 
The redemption request can be placed by the Tokenholder directly in a Smart Contract in that the 
Tokenholder delivers his Stock Certificate Tokens to the Token-Trustee and gives further instructions related 
to the account the Specific Underlying shall be delivered to (Target Account).  
The Token-Trustee is responsible to monitor the Smart Contract and will notify the Custodian about 
Redemption requests and Stock Certificate Tokens having been presented for Redemption. Upon receipt 
of a redemption request and corresponding Stock Certificate Tokens, the Underlying is delivered by the 
Custodian to the Tokenholders Target Account with the Custodian or another bank/broker (Redemption). 
Once the Token-Trustee receives confirmation by the Custodian that the Underlying has been transferred 
to the account of the Tokenholder, the Token-Trustee grants the redemption request, which triggers the 
burning of the corresponding Stock Certificate Tokens in the Smart Contract (Burning).  
5.2 
Issuer Redemption (Issuer Call Option) 
If an event according to (i) and (ii) below occurs, which requires a discontinuation of the Stock Certificate 
Tokens for one or several Specific Underlying or for one or multiple Tokenholder(s) (a Termination Event), 
the Issuer has the right to terminate such Stock Certificate Token or a specific amount of Stock Certificate 
Tokens at a date of its choice (the Termination Date) by notifying the Tokenholders at the earliest possible 
date, in any event no later than 30 Business Days prior to the Termination Date (the Termination Notice). 
The Issuer Call Option can be exercised 
(i) 
if compliance by the Issuer with obligations concerning the Underlying and/or the Stock Certificate 
Tokens or any transaction in respect of these will become unlawful or impossible in whole or in part, 
in particular as a result of the need for compliance by the Issuer with any future law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or 
power or controlling authority or of the relevant competent market authorities (a Regulatory Call);

--- Page 22 ---
pg 22 
Issuer may intermittently suspend the issue of Stock Certificate Tokens or trading activities of 
Tokenholders with Stock Certificate Tokens at any time to investigate aforesaid issues.   
(ii) 
in the event that any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges would be imposed by 
any jurisdiction in which the Issuer is or becomes subject to tax as a result of any change in laws or 
regulations of the relevant jurisdiction which materially impact the sustainability of the operations of 
the Issuer. 
The Token-Trustee shall communicate the Termination Event to the respective Tokenholders immediately 
and the Redemption process will start triggered by the Issuer unless, for regulatory reasons, a Redemption 
is not possible at this point. 
6. Transferability of the Stock Certificate Tokens  
Stock Certificate Token are fully transferable on the ETH Blockchain and Tokenholders may bilaterally 
(OTC) sell their Stock Certificate Token (or buy Stock Certificate Token offered for sale by other 
Tokenholders). 
Tokenholders may also trade their Stock Certificate Tokens OTC, through Liquidity Pools or otherwise on 
licensed crypto exchanges and platforms whitelisted by the Issuer and once the Issuer has listed the 
Products on such platform or exchange. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has not yet whitelisted 
any such platforms and the Stock Certificate Token are not listed for trading on any such platform or 
exchange. 
Offer Period 
The Offer Period for specific Stock Certificate Tokens will start at the later of (i) the first day Final Terms for 
such Product are properly filed and published and (ii) the date specified in such Final Terms. Unless 
specified in the Final Terms, there will be no minimum or maximum volume and no minimum subscription 
volume or price for a specific Stock Certificate Token.  
The Offer Period ends with the earlier of (i) the end of the (prolonged) validity period of this Base Prospectus 
or (ii) the date specified in the Final Terms for a Product. 
7. Safeguarding 
The Smart Contracts on the basis of which the Stock Certificate Token are issued include a so-called 
Safeguarding function. With the Safeguarding function, the Stock-Tokenholders have a governance function 
enabling them to trigger the Redemption of Specific Stock Certificate Tokens.  
Tokenholders can safeguard stake their Stock Certificate Tokens in the Smart Contract. Tokenholders can 
at any time unstake their Stock Certificate Tokens until the state of the Smart Contract changes from Active 
to Safeguard. 
The Smart Contract irreversibly changes to Safeguard state if a simple majority of outstanding Specific 
Stock Certificate Tokens are staked. In Safeguard state, the administration of the Smart Contract is taken 
over by a predetermined guardian. 
In Safeguard state, all transfers (specifically transfers of Stock Certificate Tokens to other pre-approved 
users) are suspended with the exemption of redemptions in accordance with 5.1 above.  
As soon as the Smart Contract switches into Safeguard state, a process of liquidation is triggered. The 
Guardian will liquidate all Specific Underlying and Tokenholders of the staked Stock Certificate Token can 
claim the proceeds of the liquidation (pro rata) in USD stable coin through the Smart Contract. 
8. Taxation 
Each Tokenholder shall assume and be responsible for any and all taxes, duties, fees and charges imposed 
on or levied against (or which could be imposed on or levied against) such Tokenholder in any jurisdiction 
or by any governmental or regulatory authority in relation to the purchasing, holding, trading or redemption 
of the Products. 
The Issuer shall have the right, but not the duty, to withhold or deduct from any amounts otherwise payable 
to a Tokenholder such amount as is necessary for the payment of such taxes, duties, fees and/or charges. 
Tokenholders shall not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for any amount so withheld or 
deducted. 
If any governmental or regulatory authority imposes on the Issuer the obligation to pay any such taxes, 
duties, fees and/or charges, the Tokenholder shall promptly reimburse the Issuer. 
9. Stock-Tokenholder Fee 
9.1 Token Issuance Fee: The Issuer will charge fees related to the token issuance based on 100 BPS 
(0.100%), which fees are due in kind and will be deducted from the Underlying:  
If the Issuer tokenizes e.g. 1000 X-shares, then the fee is 10 X-shares, which are transferred to the 
Issuer, and the investor receives 990 Stock Certificate Tokens.

--- Page 23 ---
pg 23 
9.2 Token Redemption Fee: The Issuer will charge fees related to the token redemption based on 100 
BPS (0.100%), which fees are due in kind and will be deducted from the Underlying: 
If the Issuer redeems 1000 Stock Certificate Tokens with 1000 X-Shares being the Underlying, the fee 
is 10 X-shares, which are transferred to the Issuer, and the Stock-Tokenholder receives 990 X-shares. 
The Token Redemption Fee does also apply in case of an Issuer Redemption. 
9.3 The Token Issuance Fee and the Token Redemption Fee include all the expenses related to the services 
offered by service providers of the Products, administration fees, custodian fees and other fees owed to 
service providers mentioned in this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms.  
Trades implemented on a platform and further services offered by such platform or exchange (e.g. in 
the course of onboarding) may trigger additional fees (such as a Trading Fee) levied by the platform, 
which are not included in the before mentioned Stock-Tokenholder Fee.  
10 Liability 
10.1 The Issuer is liable on the merits and without contractual limitation only for damages suffered by a 
Tokenholder: 
 
(i) 
which are based on an intentional or grossly negligent breach of duty by the Issuer and which are 
damages resulting from injury to life, body or health, such as the breach of guarantees granted to 
the Stock Tokenholder or damages due to fraudulent misrepresentation by the Issuer. The same 
applies in the event of an intentional or grossly negligent breach of duty by a legal representative or 
vicarious agent of the Issuer. The prescriptions of the German Product Liability Act 
(Produkthaftungsgesetz) shall remain unaffected. 
 
(ii) 
and resulting from a slightly negligent breach of an essential obligation. The Issuer’s liability is 
limited to the amount of damages that are foreseeable and typical for the type of business in 
question. Essential duties are duties whose violation endangers the achievement of the purpose of 
the contract or whose fulfillment makes the proper execution of the contract possible in the first 
place and on whose compliance the Tokenholder regularly relies. 
 
10.2. Any further liability of the Issuer is excluded. Insofar as the liability of the Issuer is excluded or limited, 
this also applies to the personal liability of Issuer’ employees, representatives and vicarious agents as 
well as to tortious claims. 
 
10.3. The limitation period for all warranty rights of the Stock Tokenholder shall be 12 months unless 
mandatory legal provisions require a longer limitation period. 
 
11 No Tokenholder Representative 
No Tokenholder Representative is appointed by the Issuer.  
12 Notices 
Notices to Tokenholders relating to Products will be made on the Issuers website www.swarmx.net in 
English language. 
13 Issuer’s covenant to deliver 
The Issuer covenants with and undertakes to the Tokenholders that it shall ensure due and punctual 
discharge of all liabilities whatsoever, including but not limited to the Issuers obligation to, with the 
involvement of the Custodian and the Token Trustee, deliver the Underlying to the Tokenholders against 
delivery of the corresponding Token, which from time-to-time become due, owing, or payable by the Issuer 
on the basis of this Prospectus. 
14 Events of Default  
13.1 Event of Default (Realization Event) 
An event of default (the Event of Default) occurs when 
(i) 
the Custodian is subject to any form of winding up, administration, receivership, insolvency or debt 
enforcement proceedings or arrangements with creditors generally (each an Insolvency Event),  
(ii) 
the Issuer is in violation of the applicable law and forced by a regulator to cease its activity (the 
Regulatory Violation Event), or  
(iii) 
the Issuer is in breach of the terms of this Prospectus or the Final Terms that results in a claim for 
the Tokenholders, such as but not limited to situations where the Issuer does not honor a payment 
or delivery commitment when it falls due or does not honor such a commitment in good time or 
without defects, unless those defects are remedied within 3 Business Days. The point decisive for 
the occurrence of a Realization Event shall be the first Business Day after a grace period of 3 
Business Days has expired unused (the Non Payment Event). 
In case of an Event of Default, a mandatory Redemption for all Stock Certificate Token following the steps 
of section 5.2 will be triggered within 30 Business Days after an Event of Default. The Issuer will notify the 
Custodian promptly upon the occurrence of an Event of Default.

--- Page 24 ---
pg 24 
15 Substitution 
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of the Tokenholders, substitute for itself as obligor under 
the Product any affiliate, subsidiary or holding company of the Issuer (the New Issuer), provided that the 
New Issuer shall assume all obligations that the Issuer owes to the Tokenholders under or in relation to the 
Product and provided that the Issuer guarantees performance by the New Issuer. If such substitution occurs, 
then any reference in this Base Prospectus to the Issuer shall be construed as a reference to the New 
Issuer. Any substitution will be promptly notified to the Stock-Tokenholders. In connection with any exercise 
by the Issuer of the right of substitution, the Issuer shall not be obliged to carry any consequences suffered 
by individual Tokenholders as a result of the exercise of such right and, accordingly, no Tokenholder shall 
be entitled to claim from the Issuer any indemnification or repayment in respect of any consequence. 
16 Modification of the Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms 
The Issuer shall be entitled to amend without the consent of the Stock-Tokenholders any clause or item in 
the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of (i) correcting a manifest error, or (ii) clarifying any uncertainty, 
or (iii) correcting or supplementing the provisions herein in such manner as the Issuer deems necessary or 
desirable, provided that, in the Issuer’s sole opinion, the Stock-Tokenholders would not incur significant 
financial loss as a consequence thereof. The issuer must immediately notify the investors of any change in 
the T&Cs, who may object to the change within a period of six weeks. 
Furthermore, the Issuer shall always be entitled to amend any clause or item in the relevant Final Terms 
where, and to the extent that the amendment is necessitated as a consequence of legislation, decisions by 
courts of law, or decisions taken by governmental authorities. 
If and to the extent necessary, the Issuer will do so by filing and publishing a Supplement to the Prospectus 
in accordance with Art. 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
17 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Products are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with German law (without reference to 
the principles of conflicts of law rules).  
Any dispute out of or in context with this Base Prospectus, the Products issued and offered thereunder and 
the rights and obligations of the Issuer, the Custodian, the Token Trustee, Tokenholders or any other party 
involved in the Program shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Berlin.

--- Page 25 ---
pg 25 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
FINAL TERMS DATED [•] 
 
SWARM X GmbH  
(incorporated in 10625 Berlin, Germany]) 
Offer of 
[•] 
[•]  (the Securities) 
 
pursuant to the Issuer’s  
Stock Certificate Token Program 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities of the Product described herein. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
(the Terms and Conditions) issued by SwarmX GmbH, Pestalozzistrasse 3, 10625 Berlin, Germany (SwarmX, the 
Issuer) as set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [•] [as supplemented by the Supplements thereto dated [•]] (the Base 
Prospectus).This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus (and any supplement thereto). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) and the Final Terms are available for viewing and download at the 
website of the Issuer www.swarmx.net.  
The Base Prospectus, together with the Final Terms, constitutes the prospectus with respect to the Securities described 
herein for the purposes of the Regulation (EC) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  
 
Initial Issue Date 
[•] 
Issue Size 
[•] 
Security Type 
Debt instrument 
Initial Issue Price 
[•] 
[Ratio] 
[•] 
[Base Currency] 
[USD] / [EUR] / [other] 
Underlying 
[•] 
ISIN of Underlying 
[•] 
Issuer of the Underlying 
[•] 
[Reference Source(s) for 
Underlying prices] 
[The Reference Source(s) for the price of the Underlying are:] 
Redemption Amount 
The Redemption Amount is calculated as follows: 
[Number of Stock Certificate Tokens = (number of shares in the 
Underlying – 100 BP/Underlying] [•]. 
The Redemption Amount may also be subject to additional fees 
related to the transfer assets.  
Maturity Date 
n/a, this is an open-ended Product 
Tokenholder Redemption Date 
(put date) 
[at any time as chosen by the Tokenholder] [•] 
[Cash Settlement] 
n/a 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser 
Except as set out in the Base Prospectus (section “Fees related 
to the Products”), all expenses related to the services provided by 
the service providers are included in the Tokenholder Fee.  
Yield / Yield Calculation Method  
[n/a] [•] 
Minimum Investment Amount 
[Not Applicable] / [•] 
Minimum Trading Lot 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [USD] [EUR] [CHF] [GBP] [•] 
Tokenholder Fee 
[•] 
Security Type 
[•tokenized uncertificated securities (Wertrechte)] 
[•Ledger-based securities using the SX-4111 or SX1155 Token 
Standards. The code of the smart contract-based securities

--- Page 26 ---
pg 26 
ledger for the ledger-based securities is available at: [●insert 
etherscan.io. link] 
The smart contract-based securities ledger runs on Ethereum 
Virtual Machine (EVM) compatible public blockchain networks. 
E.g. on the public Ethereum and Polygon network, both of which 
are open source, globally decentralized computing infrastructures 
using a distributed-ledger network to synchronize and store the 
system’s state changes, along with the cryptocurrency called 
Ether (and MATIC respectively) to meter and constrain execution 
resource cost. The Ethereum network currently uses a Byzantine 
fault–tolerant consensus algorithm for synchronization of state 
updates (a proof-of-work distributed-ledger network) and 
cryptographic primitives such as digital signatures and hashes. 
Tokenholders can access the information about the ledger-based 
securities as well as the securities ledger entries and check the 
integrity of the ledger at any time without any involvement of the 
Issuer via [insert etherscan.io. link]. 
The power of disposal over the ledger-based securities is solely 
with the Investors. The smart-contract-based securities ledger 
allows the Issuer to mint, freeze or unfreeze ledger-based 
securities or whitelist account addresses. The issuer only 
executes the free or unfreeze function if (i) the Issuer is compelled 
to do so by a court or other governmental authority of competent 
jurisdiction over the Issuer or laws or regulations applicable on the 
Issuer; and (ii) such execution does not result in a violation of 
applicable laws by the Issuer in the jurisdiction of its incorporation 
and is made in compliance with the rules governing international 
legal and administrative assistance in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation. 
 
 
Custodian 
[•] 
Token Trustee 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
Trading Platform 
 [Not Applicable] / [•] 
Significant or material change 
statement 
[Save as disclosed in [refer to any relevant disclosure],] There has 
been no significant change in the financial or trading position of 
the Issuer and there has been no material adverse change in the 
financial position or the prospects of the Issuer since [the date of 
this Base Prospectus i.e. [•] /insert date of latest annual or interim 
financial statements].] 
Responsibility 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
these Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, 
which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case, the information contained in this Final Terms is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
Date of Board of Directors 
approval of issuance 
[•] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer as duly authorized representative: 
 
By:  _____________________________

--- Page 27 ---
pg 27 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Listing and admission to trading 
[Not Applicable.]  [•] 
Interests of natural and legal 
persons involved in the issue 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of 
the Securities has an interest material to the offer] / [give details] 
Additional Selling Restrictions 
[Not Applicable] [specify] 
Security Codes 
ISIN:  
 
 
• 
Clearing Code (CFI / FISN):  
 
•] 
Clearing Systems 
[n/a] 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the 
Offer 
 
Offer Period 
[[…] until end of validity of the Base Prospectus] [•] 
Initial Offer Price: 
[…] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable] / [provide details if applicable] 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are made 
available to the public: 
[Not Applicable[ 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right of pre-emption, negotiability 
of subscription rights and 
treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised: 
[Not Applicable] 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable] 
Process for notification to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of 
the places in the various 
countries where the offer takes 
place: 
Luxembourg / France / Spain / Italy / Liechtenstein / Germany / [•] 
/ [•]

--- Page 28 ---
pg 28 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
GENERAL 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the Issuer following a change in a relevant law, regulation or 
directive. Any such modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of 
the Products to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer does not represent that the Products may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, and does not assume any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
No action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit a public offering of any Products or 
possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Products in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Products or distribution of any 
offering material relating to any Products may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances 
which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any 
obligation on the Issuer. 
TARGET MARKET  
The target market for the Products includes eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU as amended (MiFID II) and all channels for distribution of the 
Products are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable. 
The Products are intended to be offered in Liechtenstein, Germany, Luxembourg, France, Spain, and Italy 
and any other countries of the European Economic Area with regard to which notifications in accordance 
with Art 25 of the Prospectus Regulation have been made. 
UNITED STATES 
Nothing in this Base Prospectus constitutes an offer of securities for sale in any jurisdiction where it is 
unlawful to do so. The Product has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States and (i) may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States to, or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), except according 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and applicable State securities laws and (ii) may be offered, sold or otherwise delivered at any time only to 
transferees that are non-US persons (as defined by the U.S. Commodities Futures Trading Commission). 
The Base Prospectus may not be forwarded or distributed to any other person and may not be reproduced 
in any manner whatsoever. In particular, it may not be forwarded to any U.S. address. Any forwarding, 
distribution, or reproduction of this Base Prospectus in whole or in part is unauthorized. Failure to comply 
with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions. 
If you have gained access to this Base Prospectus contrary to any of the foregoing restrictions, you are not 
authorized and will not be able to purchase any of the securities described herein. 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of the Products in any Member State 
of the EEA will be made according to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus except for offers of such products in Liechtenstein or any other EEA Country where 
notifications in accordance with Art 25 of the Prospectus Regulation have been made to (Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions).  
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Member State) other than Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdictions, an offer of the Product to the public may not be made in that Member State, 
except that an offer of the Product to the public in that Member State may be made at any time under the 
following exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation: (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified Stock-
Tokenholder as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified Stock-Tokenholders as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the representatives of the underwriters for any such offer; or (iii) in any other circumstances 
falling within article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, provided that no such offer of the Product shall result 
in a requirement for the publication by us or any underwriter of a prospectus according to article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 29 ---
pg 29 
TAXATION 
Depending on the Investor’s country of residence, holding the Products may have tax implications, such as 
value-added tax or capital gains tax. Investors are advised to consult with their tax advisers as to their 
specific consequences. Therefore, Investors should consider whether such tax liabilities apply when 
investing in the Products. Each Investor will assume and be solely responsible for all taxes of any 
jurisdiction, including central government or local state taxes or other like assessment or charges which 
may be applied in respect of the Products. 
It is recommended that prospective Stock-Tokenholders consult their own professional advisers concerning 
the possible tax consequences of buying, holding, or selling any or the Products under the applicable laws 
of their country of citizenship, residence or domicile. Tokenholders should be aware that the tax legislation 
of the Tokenholder’s domicile as well as the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact on the 
income received from the securities.

--- Page 30 ---
pg 30 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
AUTHORIZATION 
The Program and the issuance and offer of Products under the Program have been duly authorized by the 
Board of Directors of SwarmX pursuant to a resolution dated as of 22 January 2022. 
Approval of the Prospectus 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority (FMA) on 22 
September 2022. 
The Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority does not accept any responsibility for the financial soundness 
of the Issuer or the Product or for the correctness of any of the statements made or opinions expressed 
regarding it. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE 
Save as disclosed herein, there has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the 
Issuer since its incorporation. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since the 
date of the last financial statements. 
Trend Information 
Save as disclosed herein, the Issuer is not aware of any trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments, or 
events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on their respective prospects during the current 
financial year. 
Legal, Administrative and Arbitration Proceedings 
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which may have or 
have had during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the 
financial position or prospects of Issuer or the group's financial position or profitability nor are, so far as 
Issuer is aware, any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Third Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third-party information is identified where used. 
Post-Issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any of the Underlying or 
the Products. 
Documents on Display 
For so long as Products remain outstanding, the following documents will be available, during usual 
business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the 
registered office of the Issuer in printed form: 
- 
the Issuer’s Articles of Association; 
- 
the Final Terms in respect of each Product; 
- 
this Base Prospectus; 
The documents are also available for review and download on the website of the Issuer www.swarmx.net. 
Websites 
Websites mentioned in this Base Prospectus or their contents do not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
pg 31 
DEFINITIONS 
 
Bonds 
means bonds noted on major exchanges. 
Burning 
Burning is the process by which the Stock Certificate Tokens are 
destroyed as a consequence of àRedemption. 
Business Day 
A Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, 
or any day which is a legal holiday or any day on which banking 
institutions are authorized or required by law or other governmental 
action to close in Germany. 
Claimed Redemption 
If a Tokenholder claims à Redemption. 
Conversion Service 
Provider 
means the service provider responsible for converting àDividends 
and àDebt Service into àStable Coins. 
Custodian 
The Custodian holds the àUnderlying in custody on behalf of the 
Tokenholder on the basis of the àCustodian Agreement.  
Custodian Agreement 
The Custodian Agreement is the contractual relationship between 
the àIssuer and the àCustodian. This agreement provides, among 
others, for the right of the Tokenholder to claim delivery of the 
àUnderlying directly from the Custodian (echter Vertrag zugunsten 
Dritter). 
Debt Service 
Payment on interest and principal of àBonds  
Delivery 
Delivery means the transfer of the àUnderlying to the Custodian. 
Only after Delivery the àToken can be transferred to the àWallet 
of the àTokenholder. The details for the Delivery are specified in 
Attachment 1 of the Base Prospectus. 
Dividend 
A Dividend is a distribution of profits by a corporation to the 
shareholders of an Underlying. 
Dividend Claim 
If àDividends or àDebt Service for the Underlying are paid and 
received by the Custodian, the àConversion Service Provider shall 
convert such dividends into àStable Coins and deposit such Stable 
Coins into a specific àWallet or àSmart Contract retrievable for 
each specific Stock Certificate Tokenholder. 
Dividend Smart 
Contract 
Holding the àStable Coins converted by the àConversion Service 
Provider for àDividends and àDebt Service. 
Event of Default 
means events defined in section 14 Terms & Conditions. 
FIAT 
FIAT, or FIAT money, is a currency, a medium of exchange, used 
by governments and accepted by users, e.g. U.S. dollars, EUR.  
Final Terms 
For each àProduct offered through àOTC-Contracts or on 
platforms whitelisted by the Issuer specific Final Terms will be 
issued. These are contractual terms that stand in addition to the 
general Terms & Conditions and refer specifically to a specific 
Product in each case. The Base Prospectus contains a sample 
Final Terms, which can be consulted to understand and see the 
structure and content of Finals Terms. 
Guardian 
means the guardian responsible for liquidating the respective 
Specific Underlying in case of safeguarding according to section 7 
of the T&Cs. 
Ledger Trustee 
Agreement 
an agreement between the Issuer and Deloitte GmbH concerning 
the àToken Trustees key functions of supervising the àSmart 
Contract, communicating with the Tokenholder, Issuer and 
Custodian about the àTokenization and àRedemption

--- Page 32 ---
pg 32 
New Issuer 
means a substitute issuer according to section 15 Terms & 
Conditions. 
Non-Payment Event 
The Non-Payment Event is an event when the Issuer breaches the 
provisions of this Prospectus or the àFinal Terms resulting in a 
claim by the Token Holders, such as when the Issuer fails to 
perform a payment or delivery obligation under a Product when due, 
fails to perform such obligation in a timely manner or fails to perform 
such obligation without defect. The Non-Payment Event leads to an 
àEvent of Default. 
Offer 
The Offer of Stock Certificate Tokens as further described in this 
Prospectus. 
Onboarding (Process) 
Onboarding is a process by which a Stockholder or another person 
qualifies for registration on the Platform. This includes the habitual 
KYC, AML and other qualification processes for a financial 
institution.  
OTC 
Over-the-counter (OTC) refers to the process of how to trade 
directly between counterparties without being listed on an 
exchange. 
OTC-Contract 
means “over-the-counter” contracting of a holder of àStock 
Certificate Tokens directly with another party using smart contracts 
whitelisted by the àIssuer. 
Product 
àStock Certificate Tokens 
Program 
Tokenization of àUnderlying by the Issuer as a technical service 
provider resulting in àStock Certificate Tokens or àProducts and 
allowing subsequent Offers of the Products by Stock Certificate 
Tokenholders 
Redemption 
means the process by which, upon receipt of a redemption request, 
the Underlying is delivered by the Custodian to the Tokenholder’s 
account. 
Regulatory Violation 
Event 
means a violation of the applicable law by the Issuer and 
consequently forced by a regulator to cease its activity which leads 
to an àEvent of Default. 
* 
 
Safeguarding 
means safeguarding according to section 7 of the T&Cs. 
Smart Contract 
means a smart contract based on the Ethereum Blockchain 
accessible through the webpage of the Issuer with a detailed step-
by-step explanation. 
Specific Underlying 
means a specific stock as àUnderlying 
Stable Coins 
means cryptocurrencies whose price is controlled by price fixing 
mechanisms with the aim of low variations in relation to a FIAT 
currency and is used by the Issuer to convert and pay Dividends.  
Stock Certificate 
Tokens  
means tokens issued by the Issuer for àUnderlying. 
Swarm Markets 
means Swarm Capital GmbH Branch Office Berlin, which operates 
an over-the-counter OTC and decentralised trading platform. on 
which its customers can register after successfully completing an 
àOnboarding process. Swarm Markets has been granted the 
authorization required according to section 64y of the German 
Banking Act (KWG) for conducting the following businesses: (1) 
Commission Business / Principal Broking Services (section 1 para. 
1 sentence 2 no. 4 KWG); (2) Trading on own account (section 1

--- Page 33 ---
pg 33 
 
 
 
 
para. 1a sentence 2 no. 4 lit b-c KWG); (3) Crypto Custodian 
(section 1 para. 1a sentence 2 no. 6 KWG). 
Target Account 
means the deposit account into which the specific àUnderlying is 
delivered after a àRedemption. 
Termination Date 
has the meaning according to section 5.2 àTerms & Conditions. 
Termination Event 
has the meaning according to section 5.2 àTerms & Conditions. 
Termination Notice 
has the meaning according to section 5.2 àTerms & Conditions. 
Terms and Conditions 
(“T&Cs”) 
means the agreement between the Tokenholders and the Issuer 
related to the àStock Certificate Tokens and are part of this 
Prospectus and are based on German law. 
Tokenization 
means tokenization of specific Underlying by the Issuer and the 
issue of resulting àStock Certificate Tokens 
Token-Trustee 
means the accounting firm Deloitte GmbH having the key functions 
of supervising the àSmart Contract, communicating with the 
Tokenholder, Issuer and Custodian about the àTokenization and 
àRedemption. 
Underlyings   
means shares or bonds noted in major stock exchanges. 
Wallet 
means the wallet specified by the Tokenholder for receiving àStock 
Certificate Tokens and àStable Coins.  
Whitelisting 
means the process of acceptance of a platform for trading the 
àStock Certificate Tokens by the Issuer

--- Page 34 ---
pg 34 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer as duly authorized representative: 
 
 
 
_____________________________ 
Philipp Pieper

--- Page 35 ---
pg 35 
ANNEX: OPENING BALANCE SHEET AS OF 20 DECEMBER 2021

--- Page 36 ---
pg 36

--- Page 37 ---
pg 37

--- Page 38 ---
pg 38

--- Page 39 ---
pg 39