--- Page 1 ---
SWEDISH ORPHAN BIOVITRUM AB (PUBL) 
 
Base Prospectus for Swedish medium term note programme  
 
 
Arranger 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Dealers 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a maximum of twelve months after the date of the 
approval of the Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not 
apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2(65) 
 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, the “Issuer”, the “Company” or “Sobi” means Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ). The “Group” means Sobi with 
all its subsidiaries from time to time (each a “Group Company”). The “Arranger” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). The 
“CSD” or “Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB. “SEK” refers to Swedish kronor, “EUR” means the single currency of the 
participating member states in accordance with the legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union, “USD” 
means U.S. dollars. 
Notice to investors 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer and contains information about its programme for medium term notes (the “MTN 
Programme”). The MTN Programme has been established by Sobi to constitute a framework under which the Issuer from time to time may 
issue medium term notes (“MTN”) in SEK or EUR in a minimum Nominal Amount corresponding to an amount of EUR 100,000, and with a 
minimum term of one year. The Issuer has undertaken towards the Dealers that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of MTN under the 
MTN Programme shall not exceed an amount corresponding to an amount of SEK 10,000,000,000 (ten billion) at any time. Sobi and the 
Dealers may agree to increase or decrease such amount.  
Concepts and terms defined in the general terms and conditions for the MTN Programme (the “General Terms and Conditions”) beginning 
on page 29 and the final terms and conditions for the applicable MTN issued under the MTN Programme (the “Final Terms”) are used with 
the same meaning throughout the entire Base Prospectus unless otherwise is explicitly understood from the context or otherwise defined in this 
Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a solicitation, and is not a recommendation, to 
subscribe for or to acquire MTN issued under the MTN Programme. Any recipients of this Base Prospectus and/or Final Terms must make their 
own assessment of the Issuer and the Group and this Base Prospectus shall be read in conjunction with any documents incorporated by 
reference, the applicable Final Terms and any supplements to this Base Prospectus. Certain numerical figures in this Base Prospectus may have 
been rounded off and, as a result, the numerical figures shown as totals in this Base Prospectus may vary slightly from the exact arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures that precede them. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the 
“SFSA”) pursuant to Article 20 in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and is valid for a period of a maximum of twelve months from the day of approval. 
This Base Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, registration or 
measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus may come are required to inform themselves about, and comply with such restrictions. Any failure to comply 
with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. The MTN have not been, and will not be, registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden. The 
MTN may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Base Prospectus. Should 
such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved by the Issuer 
and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, 
sale or delivery of any MTN implies that the information in this Base Prospectus is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this 
Base Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer’s or the Group’s business since the date of this Base Prospectus. If the 
information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be made public in accordance with the 
provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each potential investor in the MTN must in light of its own circumstances determine the suitability of the investment. 
In respect of the MTN, the relevant Dealer will undertake a target market assessment in respect of the MTN and determine the appropriate 
channels for the MTN. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the MTN (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the MTN (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
a determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether the Arranger or any Dealer participating in the issue of the MTN is a 
manufacturer in respect of such MTN. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates that do not participate in an 
issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s current views or expectations with respect to future 
events and financial and operational performance. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and 
expectations, the Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these forward-looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statement.

--- Page 3 ---
3(65) 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Description of the MTN Programme ................................................................................................................. 4 
Risk factors ........................................................................................................................................................ 7 
Terms and conditions ....................................................................................................................................... 29 
Form of final terms .......................................................................................................................................... 45 
Business description and structure ................................................................................................................... 49 
The Issuer ......................................................................................................................................................... 56 
Legal considerations and supplementary information ...................................................................................... 60 
Glossary ........................................................................................................................................................... 62 
Addresses ......................................................................................................................................................... 64

--- Page 4 ---
4(65) 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE MTN PROGRAMME 
The following is a description of the MTN Programme and is qualified in its entirety by the full Conditions 
included in the section “Terms and Conditions” and “Form of Final Terms”.  
General 
The MTN Programme has been established by Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) for the issuance of MTN in 
SEK or EUR. MTN may be issued in a minimum Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in SEK) 
and with a minimum term of one year. The Issuer has undertaken towards the Dealers that the total outstanding 
Nominal Amount of MTN under the MTN Programme shall not exceed SEK 10,000,000,000 (ten billion) at any 
time. The Issuer and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease such amount. 
The Issuer has appointed Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as Arranger and Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ), Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank Abp, and Svenska Handelsbanken 
AB (publ) as Dealers, in respect of the MTN Programme. Further Dealers may be appointed. 
Terms and Conditions and Final Terms 
MTN issued under the MTN Programme will be governed by the Terms and Conditions as well as the applicable 
Final Terms. The Terms and Conditions are standardised and apply to all MTN issued under the MTN Programme. 
For each Loan, Final Terms are prepared that include supplementary terms and conditions for the relevant Loan. 
Applicable Final Terms must therefore be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms 
will be submitted to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) and 
published on the webpage of the Issuer. Any amendments (other than adjustments to clear and obvious errors and 
amendments made in accordance with Section 14 (Replacement of Base Rate) in the Terms and Conditions) to the 
Terms and Conditions will not be effective to MTN issued prior to such amendment, unless a Noteholders’ Meeting 
resolves otherwise. 
Form of the MTN 
MTN will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a Securities Account (maintained with 
Euroclear Sweden) on behalf of the relevant Noteholder. Hence, no physical notes will be issued. MTN will be 
registered in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lagen (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument). 
Status of the MTN 
Upon issuance, MTN will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and shall rank at least pari passu with 
all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (except those obligations preferred by law) 
of the Issuer. 
Pricing and interest 
The Pricing of the MTN cannot be established in advance but is set in connection with the relevant issue on the 
bases of the prevailing market conditions. MTN may be issued at a price below or exceeding the relevant Nominal 
Amount. The interest (if any) applicable to MTN depends on several factors, one of which is the interest applicable 
to other investments with a corresponding term. Interest (if any) may be set at a floating interest rate based on 
EURIBOR or STIBOR, plus a margin, or at a fixed interest rate. 
Admission to trading 
MTN issued may be listed on a Regulated Market. If relevant, any intended listing of MTN will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. The estimated costs associated with such listing will also be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. Although the Issuer has undertaken to apply for registration on a Regulated Market for Loans which 
according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, and, as long as permitted under 
applicable laws and regulations, to take any measures that may be required to maintain the admission as long as 
the relevant Loan is outstanding, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that MTN will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop.

--- Page 5 ---
5(65) 
 
 
 
Time bar 
Claims for the repayment of the principal of MTN will be time-barred and become void ten (10) years after the 
Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest will be time-barred and become void three (3) years from the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon time-bar, the Issuer will be entitled to keep any funds that may have been 
reserved for such payments. 
If the time-bar period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act (Sw. preskriptionslagen 
(1981:130)) a new time-bar period of ten years will commence for claims in respect of principal and three years 
for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both cases calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid down 
in the Swedish Limitations Act concerning the effect of an interruption in the limitation period. 
Governing law 
The Loan Terms and any non-contractual obligations issues which arise in connection therewith, shall be governed 
by the laws of Sweden. Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. The Stockholm District Court (Sw. Stockholms 
tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance. 
Product description 
Interest structures 
MTN issued under the MTN Programme may have a fixed or floating interest rate or have Zero Coupon. The 
interest structure applicable to a specific Loan will be stated in the Final Terms. Below is a short description of the 
available interest structures. 
Fixed interest rate 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear interest 
according to the Interest Rate, in respect of Loans issued in SEK or EUR, from, but excluding, the Interest 
Commencement Date up to and including the Maturity Date. 
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Floating interest rate (FRN) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate, the Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate, in respect of 
Loans issued in SEK or EUR, from, but excluding, the Loan Date up to and including the Maturity Date. The 
Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Administrative Agent on the respective 
Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for 
the application of Section 14 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Zero-Coupon 
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon it bears no interest. Loans with Zero Coupon may be issued at a discount, 
par or premium. 
European Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest payable for MTN issued under the MTN Programme may be calculated by reference to certain benchmark, 
being EURIBOR and STIBOR, as defined in the Terms and Conditions. The benchmarks are provided by the 
European Money Market Institute (“EMMI”) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (“SFBF”). 
EMMI and SFBF is registered in the register of administrators provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”). 
Repayment of Loans and payment of interest 
Repayment at maturity 
Each Loan shall be redeemed on its Maturity Date in an amount equal to its Nominal Amount (or such other 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with accrued but unpaid interest. If the Maturity Date is 
not a Business Day, redemption shall occur on this first following Business Day.

--- Page 6 ---
6(65) 
 
 
 
Repurchase of MTN by the Issuer 
The Company may, by agreement with the Noteholders, repurchase MTN at any time and at any price in the open 
market or otherwise provided that repurchase is in compliance with applicable law. MTN owned by the Company 
may, in the discretion of the Company, be retained, resold or cancelled. 
Voluntary redemption of MTN 
The Final Terms for a Loan may specify a right for the Issuer to redeem all, but not only some, of the outstanding 
MTN under that Loan in full on any Business Day prior to the Maturity Date for such Loan. Such MTN shall be 
redeemed at the time and to the price specified in such Final Terms together with any accrued but unpaid interest. 
Repurchase upon change of control 
Each Noteholder is entitled to demand repurchase of all, or some, of the MTN held by the Noteholder, if: 
(a) 
the shares in the Company cease to be listed on Nasdaq Stockholm; or 
(b) 
any person or group of persons (with the exception of Investor AB (publ) and its wholly-owned 
Subsidiaries) acting in concert acquire ownership of shares representing more than fifty (50) per 
cent. of the share capital and/or votes in the Company or by any means establish control of more 
than fifty (50) per cent. of the share capital and/or votes in the Company. 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above “control” means the power to control by way of proxy, contract, agency 
or otherwise (other than through beneficial ownership) the casting of votes at a general meeting of the Company. 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above “acting in concert” means acting together pursuant to an agreement or 
understanding (whether formal or informal). 
As soon as the Company becomes aware of such an event, it is the Company’s responsibility to notify the 
Noteholders of such event through a press release published on the Company’s website and in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions. The notification must include instructions regarding how a Noteholder that wishes to have 
MTN repurchased should act, as well as specifying the repurchase date. 
The repurchase date shall occur no earlier than twenty (20) and no later than forty (40) Business Days after the 
notification of the change of ownership has been sent to Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
However, in the event the repurchase date is not a Business Day, the repurchase date shall be deemed to be the 
Business Day immediately following. 
Where a right to repurchase exists, the Company shall, upon demand by a Noteholder, repurchase the relevant 
MTN on the repurchase date at the price per MTN that would have been repaid on the Maturity Date, together 
with accrued interest (if any). For MTN with Zero Coupon, an amount per MTN calculated in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions shall be paid instead. 
Notices from Noteholders regarding demands for repurchase of MTN shall be drafted in accordance with the 
instructions set forth in the notice provided to the Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. The 
Notice from the Noteholder must be received by the Company at least ten (10) Business Days before repurchase 
date.

--- Page 7 ---
7(65) 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including Sobi’s market and industry risks, 
operational risks, legal, regulatory and governance risks. financial risks, as well as risks relating to the MTN. 
Sobi’s assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information 
available and estimates made on the date of this Base Prospectus. The risk factors are presented in categories 
where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first under that category. Subsequent risk factors 
in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. 
Risks related to Sobi 
Risks related to Sobi’s operations and industry 
Sobi’s potential medicines may not achieve commercial success and market acceptance  
Even if potential medicines were to receive marketing authorisation, it is not certain that such medicines will be 
subsidised by the healthcare systems or gain acceptance among market participants such as physicians, patients, 
wholesalers, distributors, hospitals, government representatives, procurement organisations and other retailers and 
members of the medical world. The degree of market acceptance for each of Sobi’s potential medicines depends 
on a number of factors, including, (i) the ability to produce acceptable proof of safety and efficacy; (ii) convenience 
and simple administration; (iii) the incidence and degree of any negative side effects; (iv) the availability of, and 
the medicine’s perceived advantages and disadvantages relative to, alternative treatments; (v) price and cost 
effectiveness; and (vi) the effectiveness of Sobi’s and its development partners’ or licensees’ sales and marketing 
strategies. The acceptance among market participants may also be negatively impacted by unfavourable publicity 
concerning any of Sobi’s medicines or brands, or the brands of in-licensed medicines. 
Another important factor for Sobi’s success is that its medicines are covered by and entitled to payment through 
private or state payment systems within the healthcare sector. Legislation and regulatory proposals in various 
European countries, the United States and other jurisdictions cover measures that could restrict or prevent payment 
for treatment with certain medicines (see also “Sobi is dependent on adequate financial coverage and 
reimbursements from third-party payors” below). In certain cases, such legislation has also resulted in the pricing 
of medicines being subject to state price controls or mandatory price reductions, which can create price differences 
between countries, increased parallel distribution and reduced margins (see also “Healthcare cost-containment 
reform measures could adversely affect the Group’s business” below). Payment for prescribed medicines varies 
significantly between different countries, with many countries demanding that the medicines undergo time-
consuming and mandatory reviews in order to qualify for coverage by the state payment systems, which could 
result in delays in the medicine launch. Government authorities and regulatory organisations may also change or 
publish guidelines, recommendations and studies that affect the use of Sobi’s medicines. Additionally, Sobi’s 
marketing campaigns or strategies, which may vary across medicines, could prove too costly, and ultimately may 
also prove to be unfruitful in certain circumstances, in which case the Group could suffer material losses. 
If Sobi’s medicines do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by independent third parties, it may affect the 
Group’s ability to generate sufficient revenue from these medicines to make them profitable. Should Sobi’s 
medicines fail to maintain significant market acceptance or if potential medicines, despite being authorised, do not 
gain market acceptance, are not covered by private insurance systems or state payment systems, become subject 
to adverse legislation on medical treatment or pricing, or receive negative attention through published guidelines, 
recommendations or studies, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s sales and result of operations. 
Sobi relies on third-party development partners, manufacturers and distributors of 
medicines 
Because of the amounts required to be invested in augmenting the Group’s pipeline, Sobi, like the rest of the 
pharmaceutical industry, is reliant on both internal and external research and development (“R&D”) capabilities. 
Accordingly, Sobi routinely enters into collaboration agreements with other industry participants for the 
development of potential medicines. In 2023, the majority of Sobi’s R&D expenses were external spend, which 
includes external collaborations, vendors and partnerships. Moreover, third parties’ medicines have been acquired 
for further commercialisation in specific geographical areas or disease areas through licensing, co-promotion or 
co-marketing. Through such collaborations and partnerships, Sobi is exposed to risks connected to the partners’ 
success in developing medicines as well as the development of the individual partner companies. 
Sobi strives to deliver high quality medicines to patients in a timely and cost-effective manner. The manufacture 
and distribution of medicines is highly exacting and complex due, in part, to strict regulatory requirements

--- Page 8 ---
8(65) 
 
 
 
governing their manufacture. Sobi outsources all manufacturing, packaging, storage and distribution of medicines 
to third parties, over whom Sobi only has contractual protection and limited control (see “Sobi does not control 
the third parties on whom it relies for the manufacturing, storage or distribution of medicines” below). 
Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up 
initial production and in maintaining required quality control. These problems include difficulties with production 
costs, yields and quality control, including stability of the product. If third-party manufacturers, or other third 
parties, or other parties on whom these third parties rely, fail to perform their obligations in a timely, cost-effective 
manner, in accordance with applicable legislation or at satisfactory quality levels, the ability to bring products to 
market could be limited and the Group’s reputation and results of operations could suffer as a result. For example, 
during a market upturn, third-party manufacturers may be unable to meet the Group’s demand requirements, which 
may preclude Sobi from fulfilling distributors’ orders on a timely basis. Likewise, Sobi could be materially 
disadvantaged if its medicines were not stored correctly or if they were not distributed in a proper, timely fashion. 
Furthermore, the failure of any third-party manufacturers to maintain high manufacturing standards could result 
in injury to or even death of patients using Sobi’s medicines. Such failure could also result in, among other things, 
warning letters, sanctions, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, suspension or withdrawal of marketing 
authorisations and other necessary approvals, delays or failures in delivery of Sobi’s medicines, seizures or recalls 
of medicines, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could seriously harm the Group’s 
reputation, business or profitability (see also “Sobi is exposed to risks related to product liability and product 
recalls” below).  
In addition, Sobi depends on the pharmaceutical companies from which it acquires new products for certain 
services during a transition phase. Until the transfer of the marketing authorisation for a newly acquired product 
is complete, Sobi is not permitted to market or distribute such product in its own name in the relevant jurisdiction 
(see “Sobi is dependent on obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals” below). Sobi therefore enters into 
transitional services agreements with the seller pursuant to which the relevant pharmaceutical company will 
distribute and market the product in its own name but on Sobi’s account until the transfer of the required marketing 
authorisation is complete. A failure of the selling pharmaceutical company to comply with its obligations under 
the transitional services agreement could for example result in lower sales or regulatory sanctions which could in 
turn have a negative impact on the Group’s business. For example, when entering into a transitional services 
agreement, Sobi agrees the amount of bridging stock (i.e., the amount of inventory that the selling pharmaceutical 
company must make available to meet demand during the transition phase). If demand is significantly higher than 
foreseen or the transition phase until completion of the marketing authorisation takes significantly longer than 
expected, this could lead to a stock-out situation in which the product is no longer available. In some cases, the 
bridging stock is defined on a local level and Sobi may be unable to use excess stock available in other local 
markets if a stock-out situation occurs in another local market. 
The reliance on third-party manufacturers, distributors and, during a transition phase, the sellers from whom a new 
product is acquired may disadvantage Sobi in regard to certain products as compared to principal competitors, 
many of whom manufacture their own products. For example, certain competitors that have control over their 
manufacturing operations may be able to provide a more reliable supply of specific products to patients and avoid 
stock-outs, which pharmacies cite as one of the main causes behind a decision to switch suppliers. Without such 
control over the supply chain, Sobi may need to increase its inventory in order to avoid shortages, resulting in a 
higher net working capital. As a result, Sobi’s current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the 
manufacture and distribution of medicines may adversely affect the Group’s future results of operation or 
profitability. 
Furthermore, Sobi holds licenses in relation to a number of medicines that other parties distribute, for which the 
Group receives royalties in respect of sales by such distributors or upon the occurrence of certain regulatory or 
commercial milestones. Such royalties constituted 12.3 per cent of Sobi’s total revenue in 2023. In the event that 
these sales and resulting royalty payments were to decrease, it may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
cash flow and results of operations. 
Sobi is exposed to IT-related risks 
In the ordinary course of business, Sobi collects, stores, processes and transmits large amounts of confidential 
information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal data (see “Sobi is 
exposed to risks due to the processing of personal data, including special categories of personal data” below). 
The Group have also outsourced some of its operations (including parts of the IT infrastructure) to a number of 
third-party vendors who may have, or could gain, access to Sobi’s confidential information. In addition, many of 
those third parties, in turn, subcontract or outsource some of their responsibilities to third parties.

--- Page 9 ---
9(65) 
 
 
 
Sobi’s IT systems, and those of Sobi’s vendors, are complex and store large amounts of confidential information. 
The size and complexity of these systems make them potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security 
breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by employees, third-party vendors and/or business partners, and 
from espionage or cyber-attacks by malicious third parties. In addition to the extraction of important information, 
such attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social 
engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability 
of Sobi’s information. The Group and its vendors have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to 
continue.  
Significant disruptions of Sobi’s, third-party vendors’ and/or business partners’ IT systems or security breaches, 
including in Sobi’s remote work environment, could adversely affect the business operations and/or result in the 
loss, misappropriation, and/or unauthorised access, use or disclosure of, or the prevention of access to, confidential 
information (including trade secrets or other intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal 
data), and could result in significant business and reputational harm to Sobi. This could also disrupt the business, 
result in increased costs or loss of revenue, and/or result in significant legal and financial exposure. In addition, 
security breaches and other unauthorised access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying them may 
cause further harm. Although Sobi has implemented disaster recovery and business continuity systems, any 
breakdown in the system could result in significant business and operational delays across the Group’s businesses. 
In particular, any breakdown in the IT systems could result in, for example, disruptions of the R&D, procurement 
and sales activities, the processes for reporting of Transfers of Value (ToV) to healthcare professional and customer 
contacts as well as Sobi not meeting legal requirements. In addition, failure to maintain effective internal 
accounting controls related to security breaches and cybersecurity in general could impact the Group’s ability to 
produce timely and accurate financial statements and subject Sobi to regulatory scrutiny. 
Sobi’s business is dependent on a few key medicines 
Sobi depends and will continue, in the foreseeable future, to depend on sales of a small number of medicines. Sales 
from Sobi’s five best-selling medicines accounted for 67.2 per cent of the Group’s total revenue in 2023 (excluding 
royalties). As a result of Sobi’s dependence on key medicines, any event that adversely affects any of these 
medicines or the sales of or markets for any of these medicines could adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Such events could include, but are not limited to, patent 
invalidity, patent litigation (see “Sobi is exposed to risks relating to its intellectual property” and “Third parties 
may successfully claim that Sobi has infringed their proprietary rights” below), changes in prescription rates, 
major changes in healthcare structures (see “Healthcare cost-containment reform measures could adversely affect 
the Group’s business” below), material product liability litigation, significant product recalls and unexpected side 
effects (see “Sobi is exposed to risks related to product liability and product recalls” below), manufacturing 
difficulties (see “Sobi does not control the third parties on whom it relies for the manufacturing, storage or 
distribution of medicines” below), governmental proceedings and actions (see “Sobi and its third-party suppliers 
are subject to extensive governmental pharmaceutical regulations” below), publicity affecting doctor or patient 
confidence (including as a consequence of supply chain issues or counterfeiting) (see “Sobi’s potential medicines 
may not achieve commercial success and market acceptance” above), or pressure from existing competitors, 
changes in labelling or introduction of new, competitive treatments (see “Sobi is exposed to risks relating to market 
development and competition” below). 
The successful development of Sobi’s pipeline is uncertain 
Sobi currently has a pipeline consisting of seven assets or potential new assets in 10 projects from phase 2 to 
registration, and expects to develop or acquire additional potential medicines in the future. Sobi and its 
development partners, as applicable, conduct clinical trials prior to submitting medicinal product candidates for 
regulatory approval, including the extension of existing medicines into new indications. During the clinical 
development phase, Sobi cooperates with contract research organisations (CROs) that conduct clinical trials on 
behalf of the Group, and Sobi is consequently depending on such third parties to conduct trials and associated 
activities in compliance with good clinical practice (GCP) and other applicable regulatory authority guidelines as 
well as Sobi’s instructions and expectation. The number of clinical trials that will be required varies depending on 
the medicine, indications, preclinical and clinical results and the rules that apply to the specific medicinal product 
candidate. It cannot be predicted with certainty when clinical trials in progress will be concluded, if they ever are, 
or when planned clinical trials will be initiated or concluded. Clinical trials can be expensive and complex and can 
take many years and have uncertain outcomes. During each stage of the clinical development, Sobi may encounter 
obstacles that disturb, delay or stop the development process, increase expenses and/or prevent or limit the 
commercial application of the medicinal product candidate, thus exposing Sobi to significant risks that Sobi may 
be forced to abandon a medicinal product candidate in which it has invested substantial amounts of time and

--- Page 10 ---
10(65) 
 
 
 
money. These obstacles may include, for example, preclinical failures, difficulty enrolling patients in clinical trials, 
delays in completing formulation and other work needed to support an application for regulatory approval, safety 
concerns arising during clinical testing (including undesirable or unintended side effects and toxicities), and 
insufficient clinical trial data to support the safety or efficacy of the medicinal product candidate. As an example, 
in 2020, the Group’s topline results from the phase 3 study of Doptelet in the treatment of solid tumour cancer 
patients with chemotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia did not meet the composite primary endpoint, resulting in 
the medicine not being commercialised for that particular indication. In addition, negative results of studies or 
clinical trials conducted by academics or other parties, including government agencies, may have a significant 
effect on the development of and the market for the pharmaceutical product that is the subject of the study. For 
example, the European Commission’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) adopted a 
negative opinion in 2020 for the use of Gamifant for the treatment of primary haemophagocytic 
lymphohistiocytosis (pHLH) in children under 18 years of age, which ultimately prevented Sobi from launching 
the medicine in the EU. Negative results of studies or clinical trials related to Sobi’s medicines or the disease areas 
in which the medicines compete could lead to Sobi, its development partners or the competent authorities for 
clinical trials suspending or cancelling clinical trials at any time, or adversely affect the sales of, the prescription 
trends for, and the reputation of the medicines. In addition, certain potential medicines are based on substances or 
technologies developed by other pharmaceutical or biotech companies that Sobi has licensed in or acquired by 
other means, and many of the preclinical studies and clinical trials carried out for these potential medicines were 
or are being carried out by other companies. Problems with such studies or trials performed before the licensing 
or acquisition could cause Sobi’s applications to the authorities to be delayed or rejected and/or require Sobi to 
redo or devote more time and work to analysing and presenting the results of these studies/trials, which could 
result in unforeseen and significant costs and/or delays.  
Moreover, even if a medicine appears promising in development stages, Sobi has to obtain regulatory approvals 
in relevant jurisdictions prior to commercialising such medicine. The granting of such approvals is subject to 
several factors, some of which are outside of Sobi’s control (see also “Sobi is dependent on obtaining and 
maintaining regulatory approvals” below). Hence, there is a risk that Sobi is not able to obtain the necessary 
approvals for a potential medicine or for all indications sought, and even to the extent a potential medicine is 
launched, Sobi may not be able to achieve its expected market share or the market for the medicine may decrease 
by the time the potential medicine is launched or in the future.  
As a result of the foregoing, only a small number of Sobi’s medicinal product candidates may reach their intended 
markets. If medicinal product candidates are not successful or are significantly delayed, Sobi may not recover its 
investments and failure to bring these potential medicines to market on a timely basis, or at all, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s operating profit, earnings capacity and future growth. 
Sobi is dependent on obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals 
Sobi’s business comprises marketing and commercialising of pharmaceutical medicines. Approval by the 
European Commission, the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) or national regulatory agencies must be 
obtained in countries in the EU, approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) must be obtained 
in the United States, and similar approvals must be obtained from comparable agencies in other countries, prior to 
marketing or manufacturing new pharmaceutical medicines for use by humans, as well as prior to commercialising 
an already approved medicine for new indications. Obtaining such regulatory approvals for potential medicines 
and manufacturing processes, including for new indications, can take a number of years and involves the 
expenditure of substantial resources, and there is a risk that Sobi will not be able to obtain approval in those 
countries where it wishes to commercialise such medicines. Regulatory authorities may delay, restrict or refuse 
approval for a number of reasons, including that the medicinal product candidate is not safe or does not show 
significant efficacy compared to existing medicines already on the market, or that the manufacturing processes or 
facilities do not meet applicable requirements (see also “The successful development of Sobi’s pipeline is 
uncertain” above). Changes to the applicable legislation or regulations may also be introduced that change the 
authorities’ review and approval processes, which could lead to additional requirements or otherwise make it more 
difficult and costly for Sobi to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals.  
If Sobi does not succeed in obtaining marketing authorisation for existing or future potential medicines, such 
medicines will not be able to be marketed and sold. Even if such authorisation is secured, the authorities may 
authorise a medicinal product candidate for fewer indications than applied for or make the authorisation 
conditional upon the performance of aftermarket studies. In addition, the approved labelling may have significant 
labelling limitations that limit the usage of Sobi’s medicines or require onerous risk management programs, any 
of which might not have been anticipated as part of the initial medicine development. Failure to obtain marketing 
authorisations could further hinder Sobi from extending the terms of important patents (see also “Sobi is exposed

--- Page 11 ---
11(65) 
 
 
 
to risks relating to market development and competition” and “Sobi is exposed to risks relating to its intellectual 
property” below). In many jurisdictions, marketing authorisations must also be renewed periodically. 
Sobi must also procure that marketing authorisations for newly acquired medicines are transferred to the Group 
from the seller. This process can be time consuming and requires significant resources. For each marketing 
authorisation in a country, the buyer or the seller (depending on local regulations) has to submit an application or 
notification to the competent authority to request the transfer of the marketing authorisation. The length of the 
review process can vary depending on the competent authority. In addition, the transfer of a marketing 
authorisation can be delayed due to other factors beyond Sobi’s control, such as capacity constraints in providing 
required documents by the selling pharmaceutical company. A delay in the process of transferring a marketing 
authorisation can negatively affect Sobi’s transition plan for a newly acquired medicine and may have follow-on 
effects on areas such as the ability to outsource the production to specific contract manufacturing organisations 
(“CMOs”) or the packaging of the product. A delay may also lead to a situation in which a medicine is temporarily 
out of stock if the seller has already ceased its manufacture and the bridging stock is depleted as a result of a longer 
than expected transfer process (see also “Sobi relies on third-party development partners, manufacturers and 
distributors of medicines” above).  
Failure to obtain or maintain regulatory approval for existing, acquired or future potential medicines, including 
with respect to any new indications, on a timely basis or at all, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operating profit, earnings capacity and future growth. 
Sobi is exposed to risks specific to orphan drugs and rare diseases  
Sobi’s business is focused on the development and commercialisation of orphan drugs, i.e. medicines for the 
treatment of rare diseases or diseases that affect a relatively small portion of the population. In order to incentivise 
the development of treatments for rare diseases, some jurisdictions, including the EU and the United States, have 
implemented frameworks under which the regulatory authorities may designate certain medicines as orphan drugs. 
Medicines that are granted orphan drug designations (“ODDs”) are subject to certain incentives, benefits and 
reliefs (the extent of which vary by jurisdiction), such as market exclusivity during a certain period. 
The development and commercialisation of orphan drugs entails a few risks specific to orphan drugs and rare 
diseases, including risks in conducting clinical trials in small populations, obtaining (and in some jurisdictions 
maintaining) an ODD and changes to the prevalence of, or ability to diagnose, rare diseases, among others. For 
instance, the fact that Sobi is focusing on diseases that affect only a small number of patients results in limited 
patient populations from which to draw for clinical trials, makes it critical to Sobi’s ability to develop its portfolio 
that Sobi continues to successfully identify patients with these diseases. Subject enrolment, a significant factor in 
the timing of clinical trials, is affected by many factors including the size and nature of the patient population, the 
proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility and exclusion criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical 
trial, the risk that enrolled patients will not complete a clinical trial, the ability to recruit clinical trial investigators 
with the appropriate competencies and experience, competing clinical trials and clinicians’ and patients’ 
perceptions as to the potential advantages and risks of the medicinal product candidate being studied in relation to 
other available therapies, including any new medicines that may be approved for the indications Sobi is testing in 
as well as any medicines under development. Potential subjects for any planned clinical trials may not be 
adequately diagnosed or identified with the diseases which Sobi is targeting or may not meet the entry criteria for 
such trials. Sobi may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials if it is unable to locate a sufficient number of 
eligible subjects to participate in such trials required by the relevant regulatory authorities. The process of finding 
and diagnosing subjects may also prove costly. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or 
prevalence of these diseases, or the number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. If the potentially 
addressable patient population for each of Sobi’s medicines turns out to be limited or not amenable to treatment 
with such medicines, or if new patients are increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, this could adversely 
affect the Group’s results of operations and business. Moreover, since the potential target populations are very 
small, there is a risk that the orphan drugs developed by Sobi may never achieve profitability, even if they would 
have a significant market share. There is also a risk that Sobi will not receive ODDs for the indications for which 
it applies.  
Moreover, even if an ODD is granted and market exclusivity is obtained for a medicine, that exclusivity may not 
effectively protect the medicine from competition since the relevant regulatory authority may subsequently 
approve another medicine for the same condition if such regulatory authority concludes that the latter medicine is 
clinically superior if it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. In 
addition, it is possible that future cost-saving measures by government healthcare reimbursement programs or 
price reduction or control initiatives by regulatory authorities may limit Sobi’s ability to recover the costs of

--- Page 12 ---
12(65) 
 
 
 
developing orphan drugs or otherwise reduce the Group’s total revenues. Stricter regulatory requirements and 
limited market access may also result in increased development costs, longer approval timelines, and difficulty in 
achieving sufficient market penetration. Failure to successfully develop, market and recover the development costs 
of orphan drugs could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, sales, results of operations 
and future growth.  
Sobi is exposed to risks inherent in operating a business across multiple jurisdictions 
Geographical expansion forms an important part of Sobi’s growth strategy, with own presence in around 
30 countries, delivering medicines to patients in many more. As a result, the Group is exposed to a heightened risk 
arising from the economic, political, legal and business environments of the various countries in which it conducts 
business. There are many risks associated with multinational operations, including, increased difficulty in 
collecting delinquent or unpaid accounts; risk of loss or other delays in the delivery of medicines caused by 
transportation problems; restrictions on the repatriation of income or capital, deprivation of contract rights, 
expropriation, confiscatory taxation or other adverse tax policies or governmental actions; wage increases; rising 
inflation or adverse changes in the economies in which Sobi or its partners and suppliers operate; and economic 
sanctions and restrictions on exports and other transfers of goods (see also “Sobi is exposed to macroeconomic 
and geopolitical factors” below). Sobi’s international operations may also involve increased financial and legal 
risks due to a variety of complex and rapidly evolving legal and regulatory regimes which govern, among other 
things, licensing and registration, record-keeping, product safety, labour matters, workplace health and safety, 
environmental protection, human rights, financial reporting, corporate governance, tax, trade, imports and exports 
and competitive practices. These legal and regulatory regimes apply at a local, national and international level, 
and the risks may be greater in areas which have a less stable regulatory framework and a less transparent 
enforcement of the law (see also “Sobi and third parties are exposed to compliance- and internal control-related 
risks” below). Failure to comply with any of the laws, regulations or requirements in the countries in which Sobi 
operates or its medicines are distributed could result in civil or criminal legal proceedings, monetary or non-
monetary penalties, disruptions to the business, limitations on the ability to import and export medicines, and 
damage to Sobi’s reputation. In addition, variations in the pricing of medicines across jurisdictions may result in 
the unauthorised importation or re-importation of Sobi’s medicines between jurisdictions and/or in the imposition 
of anti-dumping and countervailing duties or other trade-related sanctions. Changes in any of these laws, 
regulations or requirements, or the political environment in a particular country, may affect Sobi’s ability to engage 
in business transactions in certain markets, including investment, procurement and repatriation of earnings. While 
the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any of them could materially adversely affect the Group’s financial 
condition, results of operations, future growth and ability to meet strategic objectives and expand to new markets. 
Sobi is exposed to macroeconomic and geopolitical factors 
Sobi, as well as the pharmaceutical industry in which the Group operates, is affected by the global and local 
macroeconomic environment and geopolitical factors, which are subject to uncertainty and volatility. The global 
economy may, for instance, be impacted by factors such as high unemployment, labour availability constraints, 
currency fluctuations (see “Sobi is exposed to currency risk” below), natural disasters and the effects of the climate 
change, pandemics and epidemics, energy and raw material prices, changes to fiscal and monetary policy or 
government budget dynamics (particularly in the pharmaceutical and biotech areas), inflation or deflation, interest 
rates (see “Sobi is exposed to interest rate risks” below) and customs duty and other restrictive trade measures. 
For example, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant negative impact on Sobi as well as the global economy, 
e.g. by increasing the pressure on healthcare budgets and spending, with many countries still struggling from the 
aftermaths of the pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic also affected the incidence of certain diseases, of which the 
most impactful for Sobi was respiratory syncytial virus (“RSV”). In addition, the prescription rate of haemophilia 
medicines was negatively impacted. As a result, the COVID-19 pandemic reduced sales of Sobi’s medicines used 
for treatment of these diseases.  
In addition, trade disputes and other specific conditions, such as political instability, deterioration in diplomatic 
relations, terrorism, protectionism as well as regional and/or cross-border conflicts, may have a negative impact 
on the global economy. As a recent example, Russia’s war on Ukraine has and will likely continue to have a 
significant adverse effect on the global economy. For example, the war has intensified the energy crisis in Europe, 
which has added to inflationary pressure, increased interest rates and fluctuating raw material prices. If the military 
action and geopolitical tensions continue or are intensified, with additional pressure on the inflation as a result, 
this may increase the Group’s cost base, which in turn may have an adverse material effect on the Group’s financial 
position and result of operations. As a result of the recent world events and downturn of the global economy, there 
has been an accelerated shift towards further cost-containment measures in healthcare and towards value-based 
pricing (see “Healthcare cost-containment reform measures could adversely affect the Group’s business” below).

--- Page 13 ---
13(65) 
 
 
 
Sobi is also exposed to risks of economic sanctions and restrictions on exports and other transfers of goods. Such 
sanctions and restrictions have in the past been imposed on companies engaging in certain types of transactions 
with specified countries in which the Group has a local presence and conducts business, including Russia. As a 
global company, Sobi is subject to and must comply with a broad set of sanctions regimes and the cost of 
compliance is increasing as the use of economic sanctions increases globally. Although pharmaceutical products 
are generally excluded from the scope of sanctions, Sobi’s exports and transfers could be impacted by sanctions 
regimes, which would limit the ability to trade with sanctioned individuals and/or sanctioned countries and create 
practical complications with exports, especially in terms of the interaction with banks and receiving payments 
from sanctioned countries. For example, the competent authorities could require banks to withhold payments due 
to Sobi from sanctioned customers or countries. As a recent example, Russia has become subject to international 
sanctions (including sanctions by the EU), and may become subject to additional sanctions in the future, as a result 
of its ongoing war on Ukraine. Sobi has historically had sales in Russia (corresponding to two per cent of the 
Group’s total revenue in 2023) and there is a risk that the business conducted by Sobi’s Russian subsidiary will be 
further limited by additional sanctions. Having a presence in Russia, although legal, also poses a reputational risk 
for Sobi. As the Group expands its geographical reach, other countries in which the Group has a local presence 
and/or operates could also be the subject of sanctions. The terms of legislation and other rules and regulations 
which establish sanctions regimes are often broad in scope, requires significant resources to ensure compliance 
and could adversely affect sales in the affected countries, force Sobi to change or abandon its growth plans and 
have negative effects on the Group’s debt financing. In addition, failure to comply with such regulations could 
result in significant fines and damage to Sobi’s reputation. The extent to which the sanctions imposed on Russia 
or other economic sanctions may affect the Group is uncertain and poses a significant risk to Sobi’s operations, 
strategy and growth potential. 
Sobi is exposed to risks relating to market development and competition 
The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive and is driven by a variety of factors, including access to high-
quality personnel, scientific innovation, pricing, manufacturing and supply chain efficiency as well as market 
access expertise and distribution capabilities. In addition, competition in some of Sobi’s markets is particularly 
intense due to the use of public tenders (see “Sobi’s estimates regarding accrued contractual and tender-based 
discounts may prove to be wrong” below).  
In particular, Sobi faces competition from new pharmaceuticals launched by competitors in the same disease areas 
in which the Group operates, as well as from biosimilars and generic versions of medicines entering the market 
once patents or market exclusivity expire, which could result in a contraction of Sobi’s market share (see also 
“Sobi is exposed to risks relating to its intellectual property” below). For example, in 2023 annual revenues for 
Doptelet in China decreased significantly primarily due to price erosion resulting from generic competition. 
Generic and biosimilar competitors do not have to bear the same level of R&D and other expenses associated with 
bringing a new branded medicine to market. As a result, they can charge much less for a competing version of a 
brand name medicine. Especially in certain countries in which the Group operates, managed care organisations 
typically favour generics or biosimilars over brand name medicines, and government health agencies and insurance 
companies encourage, or under some circumstances require, the use of generic medicines, thereby reducing sales 
of branded medicines that are no longer patent-protected. Over time, an increase in governmental and other 
pressures toward the dispensing of generic medicines may rapidly and significantly reduce, or slow the growth in, 
the sales and profitability of any of Sobi’s medicines not protected by patents or market exclusivity and may 
adversely affect the Group’s future results and financial condition. In addition, counterfeit pharmaceuticals are an 
increasing concern worldwide, and pose a risk to Sobi’s business. If any of Sobi’s medicines were to be 
counterfeited, it may have a significant negative impact on Sobi’s brand and reputation. 
Many of Sobi’s competitors are well-known pharmaceutical companies with substantial financial and other 
resources. Companies with more resources may have a greater ability to conduct the development work necessary 
to obtain marketing authorisations. Sobi’s medicines could, for example, be rendered obsolete or uneconomical 
through the development of new medicines or technological advances in manufacturing or production by 
competitors in the same disease areas in which the Group operates. Competitors’ medicines may also be, or be 
perceived as being, more effective or more efficiently marketed and sold than Sobi’s medicines. Sobi’s medicines 
could also be rendered obsolete or uneconomical as a consequence of published guidelines, recommendations or 
studies. In addition, Sobi’s competitors may be able to sustain a deliberate substantial reduction in the price of 
their medicines or services for longer periods. This is likely to result in significant price pressure, which, in turn, 
may reduce the Group’s sales and market share. 
The pharmaceutical industry is also characterised by continuous product development and technological change. 
Entry of new players in any of the Group’s markets may make it difficult for Sobi to increase its market share,

--- Page 14 ---
14(65) 
 
 
 
retain existing competitive positions or access new markets at all. Failure to maintain Sobi’s competitive position, 
through either product development or effective marketing, or if any of its larger competitors engage in pricing 
competition with Sobi, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
Sobi is exposed to risks related to the identification and execution of acquisitions 
In the past, Sobi has grown through a combination of organic development and acquisitions, and Sobi intends to 
continue this approach to growth in the future. Examples of recent acquisitions include the acquisition of CTI 
BioPharma Corp. (“CTI”) (which gave access to Vonjo) in 2023 and the acquisitions of Dova Pharmaceuticals, 
Inc. (“Dova”) (which gave access to Doptelet), Synagis, and the global rights to Gamifant in 2019. The reliance 
on acquisitions and other transactions as sources of new medicines or as means of growth entails certain risks. For 
example, Sobi may fail to identify transactions that would enable the Group to execute its business strategy, 
particularly as competition for target companies and development programs in the pharmaceutical industry has 
intensified, resulting in decreased availability of, or increased prices for, suitable transactions. Moreover, Sobi 
faces the risk of a failure to realise the expected benefits of the acquisitions and of the incurrence of unexpected 
risks and obligations. It is possible that legal, tax and operational risks of the target are not identified or disclosed 
to the Group at the time of the acquisition, may materialise, have more severe consequences than expected or 
increase the costs for the integration of a target (see “Sobi is exposed to risks related to the integration of 
acquisitions” below).  
There is also a risk that Sobi’s assessments of acquisition targets may prove to be incorrect and in particular 
expectations on growth, financial margins, cash flows and cost and revenue synergies. Depending on the situation, 
Sobi may also be presented with additional or new regulatory frameworks that must be navigated, new patient 
segments with different spending habits than the Group has previously catered to or new competitive dynamics 
which could hinder the Group’s growth and frustrate the realisation of acquisition objectives. Debt incurrence to 
consummate acquisitions may also, if the acquisition is of a significant size, significantly increase Sobi’s leverage. 
Failure to identify appropriate strategic acquisition targets and carry out acquisitions could have a material adverse 
effect on the group’s growth, strategy and profits. 
Sobi is exposed to risks related to the integration of acquisitions 
The success of Sobi’s acquisition strategy is dependent, among other things, on the ability to successfully integrate 
acquired medicines and businesses into the Group at the expected costs, as well as the ability to expand the 
medicines into new or existing markets. Integration of an acquired medicine or business, including the 
manufacturing, distribution and sales processes, is a complex and costly process that can take several years and 
involves cumbersome regulatory processes. The integration process may be affected by a number of factors, 
including integration of IT or other systems; implementation of the Group’s policies, procedures and preferred 
operational and governance structure; onboarding of employees; retaining the loyalty of existing subscribers, 
patients, physicians and other relevant third parties; maintaining the timeliness and quality of manufacture and 
distribution; the number of marketing authorisations which have to be transferred to Sobi (see also “Sobi is 
dependent on obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals” and “Sobi relies on third-party development 
partners, manufacturers and distributors of medicines” above); and unforeseen legal, regulatory, contractual and 
other issues. Moreover, when acquiring new medicines or business, Sobi generally identifies potential cost savings 
and other synergies that are expected to be realised once such business or medicine is fully integrated into the 
Group’s processes; however, even if such integration is successful, there is a risk that Sobi is not able to realise 
such potential cost savings and other synergies, or that the costs of achieving these benefits may be higher, and the 
timing may be different, than expected. 
Integration and expansion may also put a strain on management resources and could result in Sobi being unable 
to deploy sufficient resources to integrate a large-scale acquisition. Furthermore, there is a risk that key employees 
of acquired companies or key employees necessary to successfully commercialise acquired medicines and 
technologies may seek employment elsewhere, including with competitors. Any failure to acquire, maintain and 
deploy adequate management, sales, administrative, technical and financial resources to support the Group’s 
expansion, could undermine the acquisition strategy (see also “Sobi may not be able to manage growth efficiently” 
and “Sobi is exposed to employment-related risks” below).  
In addition, if Sobi acquires a new medicine through an asset transfer, it may not acquire or assume the seller’s 
existing manufacturing, distribution or sales organisations or contracts. In these circumstances, Sobi has to enter 
into manufacturing agreements with one or more CMOs as well as logistics and distribution agreements with third-
party service providers. New medicines must also be integrated into the Group’s quality control and 
pharmacovigilance systems to be able to comply with regulatory requirements. All of these steps require significant

--- Page 15 ---
15(65) 
 
 
 
resources, are prone to delays and may entail significant upfront costs which may not be recovered if the integration 
of a new medicine is not successful. Sobi may for example encounter difficulties to secure sufficient production 
capacity from CMOs (in particular to produce the additional bridging stock which is required to avoid a stock-out 
during the transfer phase), source the active pharmaceutical ingredient (“API”) for a newly acquired medicine or 
lose access to manufacturing know-how. Failure to successfully realise intended synergies from acquired 
businesses or integrate acquired medicines into the Group’s operations, could have a material adverse effect on 
Sobi’s growth, operations and profits.  
Sobi may not be able to manage growth efficiently 
Sobi has experienced significant growth in recent years, including by establishing new offices in new countries. 
As an example, the Group has increased its operations from 24 countries in 2016 to around 30 countries as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus. As of 31 December 2023, the Group had around 1,800 employees across Europe, 
North America, the Middle East, Asia and Australia. If Sobi succeeds with the strategy to further grow its business, 
it will be required to further expand, in particular its distribution, regulatory, pharmacovigilance and quality control 
functions and to continue to invest in related IT systems, which may not be achieved in a timely and cost-efficient 
manner or at all. 
Sobi’s historical growth has placed significant demands on management and key employees as the expansion 
increased the complexity of the business and placed a significant strain on management, operations, technical 
systems and internal reporting and any future growth may further amplify these demands and strains. The Group’s 
current and planned personnel, systems, processes and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively 
manage operations and integrate acquired companies. The ability to hire a sufficient number of new employees 
for the Group’s operations depends on the overall availability of qualified employees and the ability to offer them 
sufficiently attractive employment terms compared to other employers (see “Sobi is exposed to employment-
related risks” below). The growth in recent years has also driven significant increases in overhead costs. If Sobi 
experiences significant future growth, it may be required not only to make additional investments and further 
expand the workforce, but also to expand the relationship with CMOs, logistics providers and other third-party 
providers with whom Sobi conducts business and to expend time and effort to integrate these service providers 
into the Group’s processes. Any failure to effectively manage growth could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operating expenses, profitability and ability to reach its strategic objectives. 
Sobi does not control the third parties on whom it relies for the manufacturing, storage 
or distribution of medicines 
The ability of third-party contractors, including CMOs, distributors and logistics providers, to perform their 
obligations is largely outside of Sobi’s control. Reliance on third-parties entails risks to which Sobi would not be 
exposed if it manufactured, stored and distributed medicines itself, including, the inability of the third party to 
secure and maintain certain regulatory compliance and quality assurance (including any failure to comply with 
environmental permits or controls, or health and safety requirements) (see “Sobi and its third-party suppliers are 
subject to extensive governmental pharmaceutical regulations” below), limitations on supply availability resulting 
from capacity and scheduling constraints of the third parties, possible contractual breaches by the third party 
because of factors beyond Sobi’s control, and the possible termination or non-renewal of the agreement by the 
third party, based on its own business priorities, at a time that is costly or inconvenient for Sobi. For example, if 
one or more of third-party contractors experiences a significant disruption in services or institutes a significant 
price increase, or if one or more third-party contractors’ production or storage sites are closed down by a 
governmental authority (e.g. the FDA or EMA), Sobi may have to seek alternative providers, the Group’s costs 
could increase, the manufacture or delivery of medicines could be prevented or delayed and the Group’s sales 
could be adversely affected (see also “Sobi is exposed to risks relating to failure to obtain or renew agreements 
with material third-party suppliers etc.” below). Further, the ability to source APIs and other raw materials 
required for the manufacture or distribution of medicines could be adversely affected by events such as war, natural 
disasters, pandemics, etc. (see “Sobi is exposed to risks relating to natural disasters, weather conditions, effects of 
climate change, pandemics, wars, terrorist attacks, accidents, and other external events” below). For instance, 
Sobi has experienced and may continue to experience certain disturbances in the supply of various raw material 
components, such as glass vials and filter kits, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
In addition, if third-party manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulations or if they provide Sobi with 
medicines that are defective or contain contaminated substances that were not identified before distribution to 
patients, the Group could face sanctions, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, suspension or withdrawal of 
marketing authorisations and other necessary approvals, delays, or failures in delivery of medicines, seizures or 
recalls of medicines, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could seriously harm the

--- Page 16 ---
16(65) 
 
 
 
Group’s reputation, business or profitability. Because Sobi also outsources the storage and distribution of 
medicines, Sobi may not discover defects or contaminations in medicines in time to prevent potential harm to 
patients or discover such defects or contaminations at all, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, Sobi may be 
forced to recall medicines from the market, which may, in certain cases, lead to product liability claims and 
significant costs as well as reputational harm (see also “Sobi is exposed to risks related to product liability and 
product recalls” below). 
Sobi is exposed to risks relating to failure to obtain or renew agreements with material 
third-party suppliers etc.  
Sobi has a large number of agreements and relationships with third parties, including various suppliers, 
manufacturers, licensors, distributors, logistics providers and other contractors. In addition, Sobi typically relies 
on a single distributor in each country in which it markets its medicines, and in certain cases a single distributor is 
responsible for several countries. 
There is a risk that Sobi may not be able to enter into or renew agreements with material third parties, which could 
have a material adverse effect on Sobi’s business. If Sobi loses a third-party manufacturer, it may not be able to 
engage an alternative third party in time to prevent delays in the production or distribution of medicines. For 
example, replacing API suppliers may take several years due to strict regulatory requirements. Additionally, in the 
future, Sobi may be unable to enter into agreements with third-party manufacturers or distributors, as well as the 
other third parties on whom Sobi relies for the distribution and sale of medicines, at all or on acceptable terms. 
The ability to obtain or renew contracts with material third parties may be limited by circumstances outside of 
Sobi’s control, such as general economic decline, market saturation or increased competition. For instance, 
counterparties may seek price adjustment from the Group whenever a contract expires or is due for renewal or 
when their business experiences significant volume changes. Further, certain third parties may seek to increase 
previously agreed prices due to pricing competition or other economic needs or pressures being experienced by 
such third party. If a contract with a material supplier, manufacturer or distributor is terminated or not extended 
upon its termination, if material counterparties shift business away from the Group, or if Sobi is unsuccessful in 
retaining high renewal rates and favourable contract terms, this can cause delays, inhibit sales and ultimately 
materially impact the Group’s profitability. 
Unfavourable provisions in government contracts may subject Sobi’s business to 
material limitations and uncertainties  
Sobi enters into contracts with government authorities in the ordinary course of business. Government contracts 
customarily contain provisions that give the relevant authority substantial rights and remedies, many of which are 
not typically found in commercial contracts, including provisions that allow the relevant authority to (i) terminate 
existing contracts, in whole or in part, for any reason or no reason; (ii) unilaterally reduce or modify contracts or 
subcontracts, including by imposing equitable price adjustments; (iii) cancel multi-year contracts and related 
orders, if funds for contract performance for any subsequent year become unavailable; (iv) decline, in whole or in 
part, to exercise an option to purchase product under a procurement contract or to fund additional development 
under a development contract; (v) decline to renew a procurement contract; (vi) claim rights to facilities or to 
products, including intellectual property, developed under the contract; (vii) take actions that result in a longer 
development timeline than expected; (viii) direct the course of a development program in a manner not chosen by 
the government contractor; (ix) suspend or debar the contractor from doing business with the government or a 
specific government agency; and (x) control or prohibit the export of products. 
Generally, government contracts contain provisions permitting unilateral termination or modification, in whole or 
in part, at the relevant authority’s convenience. Under general principles of government contracting law, if the 
relevant authority terminates a contract for convenience, the government contractor may often recover only its 
incurred or committed costs, settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to the termination. If the 
relevant authority terminates a contract for default, the government contractor is typically entitled to recover costs 
incurred and associated profits on accepted items only and may be liable for excess costs incurred by the 
government in procuring undelivered items from another source. 
If any of the government contracts to which Sobi is a party were to be amended or cancelled to the detriment of 
Sobi, or if any government authority would otherwise take any actions under the contracts that are negative for 
Sobi and for which the Group is not fully compensated, it may have a significant adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 17 ---
17(65) 
 
 
 
The cost of APIs or auxiliary materials used in manufacturing Sobi’s medicines could 
increase significantly  
Affordable, high-quality APIs and auxiliary materials are essential to Sobi’s business due to the nature of the 
medicines sold. Even though the Group relies on third parties to manufacture medicines, the CMOs regularly have 
a right to pass on price increases for ingredients or materials under the relevant manufacturing agreements and 
contracts with suppliers often provide for the supplier’s right to increase prices annually. In addition, rationing or 
shortages can occur and distribution of Sobi’s medicines may be delayed or made impossible due to shortages of 
such ingredients and materials (see “Sobi is exposed to macroeconomic and geopolitical factors” above and “Sobi 
is exposed to risks relating to natural disasters, weather conditions, effects of climate change, pandemics, wars, 
terrorist attacks, accidents, and other external events” below). Any significant rapid cost increases that cannot be 
passed on to Sobi’s customers, as well as extended supply shortages of these ingredients and materials, could 
increase the Group’s costs and hamper Sobi’s sales, and thus could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Sobi is exposed to risks related to product liability and product recalls  
The development, manufacture, testing, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products are associated with 
significant risks of product liability claims or recalls. Sobi may be held liable, or incur costs related to, liability 
claims and/or product recalls if any of its medicines cause injury or are found unsuitable during development, 
manufacture, sale or use. Side effects or adverse events known or reported to be associated with, or manufacturing 
defects in, the products sold by the Sobi could worsen a patient’s condition, or result in serious injury or even 
death. This could result in recalls of one or more of Sobi’s products, either issued at Sobi’s discretion or at the 
discretion of Sobi’s suppliers, government agencies and other entities that have regulatory authority for 
pharmaceutical sales. In many countries, including in EU member states, national laws provide for strict (no-fault) 
liability which applies even where damages are caused both by a defect in a product and by the act or omission of 
a third party. 
Any recall of the Group’s products could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, to the extent that Sobi 
is unable to sell that product for some time and if Sobi’s brand or reputation is damaged. Any negative side effects 
or recalls could also result in product liability claims by individuals and third-party payors, and/or result in an 
investigation of the safety or efficacy of Sobi’s products and marketing programs conducted by the FDA, the 
European Commission or other competent authorities. Such investigations could also potentially lead to a recall 
of Sobi’s products or more serious enforcement actions, limitations on the indications for which the medicines 
may be used, or suspension, variation, or withdrawal of approval, or product liability lawsuits. Product liability 
lawsuits could be costly to defend, and may result in reduced sales, substantial monetary awards to clinical trial 
participants or patients, harm to Sobi’s brand and reputation, the inability to commercialise medicines that Sobi 
develops and diversion of management’s time, attention and resources. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, 
liability claims would likely result in negative publicity, decreased demand for any medicines that Sobi may 
develop, injury to Sobi’s reputation and suspension or withdrawal of clinical trials and require the Group to incur 
significant legal fees. 
Product liability insurance coverage is expensive, can be difficult to obtain and may not be available in the future 
on acceptable terms, or at all. There is also a risk that the Group’s existing product liability insurance does not 
cover all of the future liabilities that might incur in connection with the development, manufacture or sale of the 
Group’s products. A successful claim or claims brought against the Group in excess of available insurance 
coverage could subject Sobi to significant liabilities and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.  
Sobi is exposed to employment-related risks 
Due to the specialised scientific nature of the Group’s business, Sobi is highly dependent upon its ability to attract 
and retain senior management, key employees and other qualified scientific, technical and sales personnel. Loss 
of the services of, or difficulties in recruiting, key management, scientific, technical or sales personnel could be 
materially detrimental to the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Sobi faces 
competition for scientific and technical personnel from other companies, academic institutions, government 
entities and other organisations. Such competition is also enhanced by a Sweden-wide shortage of qualified 
professionals, such as scientific or technical personnel. In addition, increasing demand for higher wages may make 
it difficult for Sobi to hire or retain the necessary personnel. Furthermore, if Sobi is unable to maintain satisfactory 
employee relations or negotiate acceptable labour agreements in the future, the results could include work 
stoppages, strikes or other industrial action or labour difficulties (including higher labour costs). While Sobi 
believes that it has good relations with employees generally, there is a risk that the relations may deteriorate and

--- Page 18 ---
18(65) 
 
 
 
that Sobi will experience labour disputes in the future. The loss of any key personnel or the inability to attract, 
recruit and retain highly skilled employees required for Sobi’s activities, or the occurrence of adverse labour 
actions, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s day-to-day operations, reputation and results of 
operations. If key personnel leave the Group, this could also result in a loss of important know-how (see also 
“Third parties may successfully claim that Sobi has infringed their proprietary rights” below). 
In addition, Sobi frequently engages consultants (including sole proprietorships and closely held companies), some 
of whom perform tasks similar to those of full-time employees. Under certain circumstances, a consultant may be 
viewed as a de facto employee from an employment law and tax law standpoint and would, as such, be entitled to 
the same rights and protection as an employee. In the event that any of the Group’s consultants would be re-
classified as an employee, this would result in increased labour costs and unexpected tax liabilities for the Group, 
and could pose challenges in the event that Sobi wishes to terminate the consultant’s assignment. 
Sobi’s medicines have limited shelf lives  
Sobi holds drug substance, drug product and finished goods in inventory and the medicines have a limited shelf 
life, as it is normal for certain ingredients to degrade over time. Accordingly, the Group’s inventory may come 
close to its expiration date and not be sold. Sobi’s medicines have a registered shelf life that typically ranges from 
24 to 60 months depending on the product stability profile and the finished goods inventory holding is normally 
around three to 12 months of cover and is usually saleable to within three to twelve months of shelf life, depending 
on medicine usage, geography, and trade channel. Even though Sobi manages the inventory, it may be required to 
write-down the value of any inventory, for example, in a situation when a forecasted product demand is not 
materialised or where a product face registration delays for already produced intermediate or product, the excess 
inventory might expire, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
and results of operations. Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Obsolescence risk 
and confirmed obsolescence are taken into account in the measurement. During 2023, an impairment loss of 
SEK 45 million was recognised for inventories.  
Sobi is exposed to risks relating to natural disasters, weather conditions, effects of 
climate change, pandemics, wars, terrorist attacks, accidents, and other external events 
The geographical spread of Sobi’s operations exposes the Group to risks related to, among other things, natural 
disasters, epidemics and pandemics, severe weather conditions, all of which are outside of the Group’s control and 
may have a significant adverse impact on the Group. The risk of adverse environmental events is further heightened 
by the global climate change, which is causing certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with 
more intense effects, and increasing the risk of regional and local exposure to different types of risks to eco-
systems, human health and supply chains. In addition, production or mechanical failures or breakdowns, electrical 
outages, strikes, accidents, fire, sabotage, criminal activities or similar events that adversely affect Sobi’s or any 
third party’s facilities or inventory could result in, for example, delays or difficulties in conducting clinical trials, 
disruptions to the supply or distribution chain (including an inability to source APIs and other raw materials 
required for the manufacture or distribution of medicines), failure to timely deliver medicines to patients, potential 
damages to inventory and the loss of valuable data and other items. As a recent example, governmental and hospital 
restrictions imposed during the COVID-19 pandemic limited the Group’s ability to monitor and conduct clinical 
trials, resulting in delayed site activation and patient recruitment. If Sobi or any third party in the supply or 
distribution chain are adversely impacted by any such event, the manufacture or delivery of medicines could be 
prevented or delayed during an unknown period of time and/or the Group could be forced to seek alternative 
suppliers or distributors at a higher cost and, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s reputation, 
sales, cost base and results of operations.  
 
Legal, regulatory and governance risks  
Sobi 
and 
its 
third-party 
suppliers 
are 
subject 
to 
extensive 
governmental 
pharmaceutical regulations  
Sobi and its third-party manufacturers, distributors and other suppliers are subject to extensive, complex, costly 
and evolving regulations governing, among other things, the development, authorisation, manufacturing and 
procurement of contract manufacturing, wholesale distribution and supply, pricing, pharmacovigilance and 
promotion of the Group’s medicines. Sobi markets medicines in many countries, primarily throughout Europe, 
North America, the Middle East, North Africa, Asia and Australia, with operations in around 30 countries. While 
the regulations in the EU are to a certain extent streamlined, the regulatory environment in the rest of Europe and 
outside Europe is fragmented and varies by country. Revenues outside of Europe amounted to 56.1 per cent of the

--- Page 19 ---
19(65) 
 
 
 
Group’s total revenue in 2023 (excluding revenue pertaining to royalties derived from haemophilia medicines that 
are not attributable to a specific region).  
Sobi predominantly sells prescription medicines. In most countries, the pricing of prescription medicines is 
regulated either directly (for example through statutory price reductions) or indirectly (for example through 
reference prices and reimbursement rates payable by the health insurance system, mandatory discounts, terms 
and/or requirements concerning discounts, the creation of framework conditions to stimulate market forces and 
competition). Pricing may also be influenced by supranational regulations in the EU. Any changes in these 
regulations or procedural rules, such as those governing public procurement and tender processes, could reduce 
the profitability of individual medicines and, in exceptional cases, could render a medicine unprofitable (see also 
“Healthcare cost-containment reform measures could adversely affect the Group’s business” below).  
The pharmaceutical industry is exposed to changes in national and international technical standards which regulate 
R&D, production and promotion. The regulatory bodies in the jurisdictions where Sobi operates rigorously monitor 
and enforce compliance with the relevant regulations by pharmaceutical companies, and Sobi’s operations, and 
the operations of the third-party manufacturers and distributors on whom Sobi relies, are subject to periodic 
inspections by the relevant regulatory authorities in Sobi’s markets. The legislative framework governing the 
pharmaceutical sector (including Sobi’s business) is subject to a changing landscape. As an example, the EU 
pharmaceutical legislation is currently under revision. This includes proposals by the European Commission in 
April 2023 for a new directive and a new regulation, which are intended to constitute the EU regulatory framework 
for all medicines (including those for rare diseases and for children). The proposals are currently subject to 
interinstitutional negotiations and the content, timing for adoption and implementation of the final legislative 
framework is still uncertain. Further, the Regulation (EU) 2021/2282 on Health Technology Assessment (“HTA” 
and “HTA Regulation”, respectively) entered into force in January 2022. HTA is a procedure for assessing the 
added value of, e.g., new medicines, and the HTA Regulation stipulates, among other things, that the HTA 
authorities in the respective EU members states shall use the reports of joint clinical assessments conducted at EU-
level as part of their national or regional HTA processes, which will result in national decisions on pricing and 
reimbursement. The HTA Regulation will be applied as of January 2025. The extent to which the impact of the 
proposed new EU pharmaceutical legislation and HTA Regulation may affect the Group is uncertain and poses a 
significant risk to Sobi’s strategy and profitability. 
Sobi’s third-party manufacturers are, for example, subject to principles of good manufacturing practice (GMP), 
good clinical practice (GCP), good pharmacovigilance practice (GVP) and good distribution practice (GDP), and 
compliance with these principles is assessed by the competent regulators via regular site audits. While the Group 
has outsourced all of the manufacture and distribution of its medicines to third parties, Sobi remains fully 
responsible for the quality and regulatory compliance of the medicines. Ultimately, failure to comply with the 
applicable regulations can result in fines, unanticipated compliance expenditures, recalls (see also “Sobi is exposed 
to risks related to product liability and product recalls” above) or seizure of medicines, total or partial suspension 
of production or distribution, withdrawal of permits to produce, suspension of the review of medicine applications, 
enforcement actions, injunctions and criminal prosecution, as well as reputational harm, reduced sales and market 
share. In addition, Sobi could incur substantial remediation costs. Sobi also has affiliations, in-licensing 
agreements and other arrangements with third parties that depend on regulatory approvals of their processes and 
products. These third parties are subject to similar regulatory compliance. If any of those third parties does not 
comply with the Group’s regulatory requirements, Sobi could be adversely affected if their non-compliance results 
in an interruption in the supply of raw materials or ingredients or, in the case of any of Sobi’s licensors, it hinders 
the Group’s ability to produce the in-licensed products. 
Sobi sometimes supplies products which have not yet obtained regulatory approval, following requests for early 
access where, for example, no satisfactory alternatives exist for the treatment of a patient with a life threatening or 
seriously debilitating disease/condition and where enrolment in a clinical trial is not possible and the treating 
physician wishes to provide their patients with an investigational medicine. Sobi may support such requests due 
to humanitarian reasons through its process for Managed Access Programmes. Non-compliance with the regulatory 
rules for such supply of unauthorised products may result in fines, unanticipated compliance expenditures (see 
also “Sobi is exposed to risks related to product liability and product recalls” above and “Sobi and third parties 
are exposed to compliance- and internal control-related risks” below) enforcement actions, as well as severe 
reputational harm. 
There is a risk that Sobi may not be able to effectively capture and respond to all changes in regulations potentially 
impacting its operations should regulatory scrutiny further increase. In addition, continuing compliance with 
increased regulatory scrutiny is likely to increase the Group’s costs. For example, since February 2019 
manufacturers and distributors of pharmaceutical products in the EU are required to comply with new standards

--- Page 20 ---
20(65) 
 
 
 
in relation to the packaging of such products which are aimed to reduce the risk of counterfeit products. Among 
other things, these regulations require the packaging to be “tamper safe” which reduces the speed at which the 
products can be packaged. Several other countries are in the process of introducing or planning to introduce similar 
measures.  
If any of the above risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Healthcare cost-containment reform measures could adversely affect the Group’s 
business 
In various countries where Sobi operates, government health authorities provide healthcare at low direct cost to 
consumers and regulate pharmaceutical prices or patient reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-
sponsored healthcare system. The continuing increase in healthcare expenditure has therefore been the subject of 
considerable government attention in many of the countries in which Sobi operates, particularly as public resources 
have been stretched since the 2008 global economic crisis and following recent worlds events such as the COVID-
19 pandemic and Russia’s war on Ukraine for example, which have both had a significant negative impact on the 
global economy and put pressure on healthcare budgets worldwide (see also “Sobi is exposed to risks inherent in 
operating a business across multiple jurisdictions” above). Further, in recent years, the increasing average age of 
the population and the associated increasing demand for pharmaceutical products has led to rising healthcare costs. 
Increasing expenditure on healthcare has also been the subject of considerable public attention, resulting in many 
countries having implemented healthcare reforms during recent years. The primary focus of these reforms has been 
to introduce cost-containment measures and optimise governmental healthcare spending, particularly for 
prescription medicines, which account for the significant majority of the Group’s sales. Measures implemented in 
line with these reforms are fragmented and vary by country. Certain European countries have introduced numerous 
austerity measures to lower healthcare spending, including mandatory discounts, clawbacks and price referencing 
rules. In certain cases, reimbursements for high-priced medicines have been refused. For instance, the United 
Kingdom and Germany have introduced new systems to determine cost effectiveness and added benefit, 
respectively, of medicines, which will decide the reimbursement level for a medicine, and in Spain, the 
government’s pricing and reimbursement policy is focused on cost-containment measures as they attempt to reduce 
the financial deficit, which has repeatedly resulted in price cuts, reductions to wholesale and retail margins and 
cuts to the list of reimbursable medicines since 2000. Certain countries have also cut their healthcare expenditure 
budgets or fixed them at a particular amount. Moreover, the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act, which was passed in 
August 2022, is also expected to result in price reductions for prescription drugs in the United States. 
Any such cost control initiatives could decrease the price that Sobi receives for the medicines that are currently 
distributed or may be acquired in the future, and may result in a situation where it is no longer economic to market 
certain or all of Sobi’s medicines in a country. There is also a risk that countries where the Group operates may, 
in the future, implement further regulations that impose additional pressure on the price of Sobi’s medicines. Any 
of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Sobi and third parties are exposed to compliance- and internal control-related risks  
Sobi operates in a global environment and the Group’s operations straddle multiple jurisdictions and complex 
regulatory frameworks at a time of increased enforcement activity worldwide in areas such as prescription drug 
promotional requirements, as well as regulations aimed at preventing direct or indirect acts of corruption, bribery, 
anti-competitive behaviour, off-label promotion, money laundering, breaches of economic sanctions, fraud, 
violations of labour or human rights, environmental crimes, insider trading and any other illegal or otherwise 
unethical conducts. There is a risk that Sobi’s compliance structure and monitoring systems (including internal 
controls and procedures, policies and risk management system) may not be sufficient to prevent, detect and identify 
inadequate practices, and violation of laws by senior management, employees, consultants, partners, agents and 
third-party representatives and intermediaries, especially given the Group’s profile, size as well as in light of the 
extent of the cooperation with such individuals. The Group may also be subject to investigations by regulatory 
bodies for the activities of its predecessors at entities acquired or merged with that may be unknown to Sobi. Any 
of the foregoing circumstances may expose Sobi to civil and/or criminal law and/or regulatory sanctions, fines or 
penalties, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, reputation and results of 
operations. 
Moreover, Sobi currently relies on and expects to continue to rely on third parties, such as CMOs, for 
manufacturing and supply of medicines. These third parties are also subject to numerous environmental, human

--- Page 21 ---
21(65) 
 
 
 
rights, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, 
transportation, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Although the Group has 
auditing rights with all manufacturers, Sobi does not have control over any third-party provider’s compliance with 
environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, nor over the compliance of any third party’s supply chain, 
for which there also is certain legal obligations to protect the environment and human rights. Liabilities that third 
parties incur pursuant to these laws and regulations could result in significant costs to them, which they may pass 
to Sobi, or in certain circumstances, an interruption in the Group’s operations, any of which could adversely affect 
the Group’s business, reputation and results of operations if Sobi is unable to find an alternate manufacturer in a 
timely manner.  
Sobi is subject to the risk of litigation, investigations and other claims  
From time to time, Sobi may be involved in various litigation matters or investigations, including product liability 
claims, warranty obligations claims, alleged violations of trade confidentiality, anti-trust investigations and others 
(see also “Sobi is exposed to risks related to product liability and product recalls” above and “Third parties may 
successfully claim that Sobi has infringed their proprietary rights” below). When determined that a significant 
risk of a future claim against the Group exists, Sobi records provisions in an amount equal to the estimated liability. 
As of 31 December 2023, Sobi had made provisions of SEK 43 million for legal disputes. However, such 
provisions may not be sufficient to cover the actual litigation costs. In addition, third-party litigation or 
investigations by regulators, including litigation or investigations related to competition law, anti-trust law, tax 
law, patent law and to the implementation of individual regulatory requirements in the provision of healthcare at 
a national or supranational level, could have an indirect, materially adverse impact on the Group and the market 
environment in which the Group operates. There is also a risk that Sobi will not be successful in defending itself 
in pending or future litigation claims, investigations or similar matters under various laws or that product-specific 
provisions will not be sufficient to cover litigation costs. Moreover, it may be difficult to obtain and enforce claims 
related to existing litigation under the laws of certain countries in which the Group operates at affordable costs and 
without any materially adverse effects on the Group’s business in such country. If Sobi were to be part to any 
material litigation or investigation, it could result in considerable costs, including damages, fines, legal fees and 
temporary or permanent ban on the marketing of certain medicines and this could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and reputation. 
Sobi is exposed to risks due to the processing of personal data, including special 
categories of personal data 
Sobi processes personal data (including special categories of personal data such as patient health data, including 
data about children) as part of the business, and therefore must comply with strict data protection and privacy laws 
in all the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. For example, Sobi is subject to extensive European laws and 
regulations on privacy, information security and data protection, the main and most relevant of which relate to the 
collection, protection and use of personal data, including the EU Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”). In particular, 
Sobi has adapted its internal procedures to the requirements imposed by the GDPR. In addition, each Group 
company must adapt its procedures to ensure compliance with local data protection laws. There is a risk that Sobi’s 
data protection compliance structure, policies and internal monitoring prove to be inadequate or insufficient given 
the speed at which new regulations, guidance and legal precedent are published. For example, the anticipated 
regulation to set up the European Health Data Space regulation, a health specific ecosystem comprised of rules, 
common standards and practices, infrastructures and a governance framework, which may bring certain risks for 
Sobi as it is expected to have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry.  
The costs of complying with the GDPR and local data protection laws are increasing, particularly in the context 
of ensuring that adequate data protection and data transfer mechanisms are in place for Sobi, its successors and 
any predecessors. Failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws, such as the 
GDPR, could potentially result in significant regulatory and/or governmental investigations and/or actions, 
litigation, damages, fines, sanctions and damage to Sobi’s reputation. 
Moreover, data protection laws and rules impose certain standards of protection and safeguarding on the ability to 
collect and use personal data relating to existing and potential personnel, customers, vendors, and patients 
(including children), and could make the Group liable in the event of a loss of control of such data or as a result of 
unauthorised third-party access. Unauthorised data disclosure could occur through cyber security breaches as a 
result of human error, external hacking, malware infection, malicious or accidental user activity, internal security 
breaches, and physical security breaches due to unauthorised personnel gaining physical access, either within Sobi 
or any of its distributors, suppliers or other business partners (see also “Sobi is exposed to IT-related risks” above).

--- Page 22 ---
22(65) 
 
 
 
The size and nature of the patient population of orphan diseases (many of the rare diseases affect children) entails 
particular challenges to the processing of personal data in clinical trials, specifically in relation to 
pseudonymization and anonymization of the personal data. Even if security measures are adopted, it may still be 
possible to identify individual patients enrolled in clinical trials which are based on a very small patient population. 
If a single material breach or series of less material breaches was to occur, the Group could face liability under 
data protection laws, could lose the goodwill of its stakeholders and could have its reputation damaged, all of 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, results of operations and future 
growth. 
Sobi is dependent on adequate financial coverage and reimbursements from third-party 
payors 
Sobi’s ability to successfully commercialise the Group’s products in certain countries is to a large extent also 
dependent on the Group obtaining adequate financial coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, 
including governmental payors (such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs in the United States), managed care 
organisations and private health insurers. Without reimbursements from third-party payors, there is a risk that 
patients may not be able to obtain or afford prescribed medications. Reimbursement guidelines and incentives 
provided to prescribing physicians by third-party payors may also have a significant impact on such physicians’ 
willingness and ability to prescribe the Group’s medicines. Accordingly, the demand for, and the profitability of, 
Sobi’s medicines could be materially harmed if healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, or third-
party commercial payors deny reimbursement for the products, limit the indications for which the products will be 
reimbursed, or provide reimbursement only on unfavourable terms. As part of the overall trend toward cost 
containment, third-party payors often require prior authorisation for, and require reauthorisation for continuation 
of, prescription products or impose step edits, i.e. a requirement that another medication – usually a generic or 
preferred brand – is tested prior to approving coverage for a new or more expensive product. Such restrictive 
conditions on, and the increased number of activities required to obtain approval for, reimbursement can extend 
the time required to fill prescriptions and may discourage patients from seeking treatment. Sobi cannot predict 
actions that third-party payors may take, or whether they will limit the access and level of reimbursement for the 
Group’s products or refuse to provide any approvals or coverage. The Group has, and may in the future, be refused 
reimbursement for its products by third-party payors. 
Third-party payors increasingly examine the cost-effectiveness of pharmaceutical products prior to making 
coverage and reimbursement decisions, and Sobi may consequently need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic 
and/or clinical studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of the Group’s products. If Sobi’s competitors 
offer their products at prices that provide lower treatment costs, or if such competing products are portrayed as 
safer or more effective than Sobi’s medicines, this may result in a competitive advantage in relation to Sobi, which 
could reduce Sobi’s sales and market share and have a significant negative impact on the Group’s results of 
operations. In some cases, for example, third-party payors try to encourage the use of less expensive generic 
products through their prescription benefit coverage and reimbursement and co-pay policies. Because some of the 
Group’s products compete in a market with both branded and generic products, obtaining and maintaining access 
and reimbursement coverage for these products may be more challenging than for products that are new chemical 
entities for which no therapeutic alternatives exist. 
Third-party pharmacy benefit managers (“PBMs”) (companies that manage prescription drug benefits on behalf 
of health insurers) or other similar organisations and payors can further limit coverage to specific products on an 
approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the approved products for a particular indication. They 
can also exclude drugs from their formularies in favour of competitor drugs or alternative treatments, or place 
drugs on formulary tiers with higher patient co-pay obligations, and/or mandate stricter utilisation criteria. 
Formulary exclusion effectively encourages patients and providers to seek alternative treatments, make a complex 
and time-intensive request for medical exemptions, or pay the full cost of a drug. In many instances, certain PBMs 
or other similar organisations and third-party payors may also use negotiating leverage by requiring incremental 
rebates, discounts or other concessions from manufacturers in order to maintain formulary positions, which could 
continue to result in higher gross to net deductions for affected products. There is a risk that Sobi will not be able 
to agree to acceptable coverage terms with PBMs and other third-party payors, or that such payors could decide to 
exclude Sobi’s products from formulary coverage lists, impose step edits, limit the types of diagnoses for which 
coverage will be provided or impose a moratorium on coverage for products while they make a coverage decision. 
An inability to maintain adequate formulary positions could increase patient cost-sharing for the Group’s products 
and cause some patients not to use the products. Any delays or unforeseen difficulties in reimbursement approvals 
could limit patient access, depress therapy adherence rates, and adversely impact Sobi’s ability to successfully

--- Page 23 ---
23(65) 
 
 
 
commercialise its products. If Sobi is unsuccessful in maintaining broad coverage for its products, the anticipated 
revenue from and growth prospects for the products could be negatively affected. 
Sobi is exposed to risks relating to its intellectual property  
It is significant to Sobi’s success that its products are covered by adequate intellectual property rights, including 
patents and market exclusivity, and that the Group is able to defend intellectual property rights against 
infringements by third parties. Failure to protect its intellectual property or market exclusivity adequately, may 
result in competitors manufacturing and marketing medicines similar to Sobi’s. The Group has been granted 
numerous patents related to Sobi’s medicines, and has filed, and expect to continue to file, patent applications 
seeking to protect novel technologies and novel inventive aspects of medicines in various countries. There is a risk 
that currently pending applications may not result in granted patents or be approved on a timely basis or at all, or 
that existing or future patents issued to or licensed by Sobi may not provide any competitive advantages for Sobi’s 
medicines or may be challenged or circumvented by competitors. The ability to enforce patents also depends on 
the intellectual property laws and practices of individual countries. The loss of patent protection or market 
exclusivity on Sobi’s medicines could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The expiry of market exclusivity of Sobi’s own and in-licensed medicines, as well as the expiry of patents and 
supplementary protection certificates (“SPCs”, an intellectual property right that serves as an extension to a patent 
right), covering important medicines in Sobi’s portfolio, and the market entry of any subsequent, 
generic/biosimilar versions of Sobi’s medicines, could reduce the Group’s revenues and have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, the composition-of-
matter patents for Doptelet in China and South Korea, as well as the composition-of-matter patents for Kineret and 
Orfadin and the formulation patents for Synagis, have expired, thus exposing Sobi to increased risk of competition 
in relation to these medicines in relevant jurisdictions. In addition, certain other patents will expire within the next 
few years, including the composition-of-matter patents for Elocta and Alprolix (expires in 2024 in all relevant 
jurisdictions save from Europe, in which the SPCs are valid until 2029), the U.S. formulation patent for Kineret 
(expires in 2025), the U.S. composition-of-matter patent for Doptelet and other patents for Doptelet in Canada, 
Israel and Australia (expires in 2027), as well as the SPCs for Doptelet in Europe (expires in 2028). 
Sobi also relies on trade secrets, unpatented proprietary know-how and continuing technological innovation that 
the Group seeks to protect in part by entering into confidentiality agreements with licensees, suppliers, employees 
and consultants. If these agreements were breached, Sobi would be required to coordinate with the licensors of 
affected in-licensed medicines and there is a risk that Sobi might not have adequate remedies. Disputes may also 
arise concerning the ownership of intellectual property or the enforceability of confidentiality agreements. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that Sobi’s trade secrets and proprietary technology may enter the public domain other 
than by means of breach of confidence, or be independently developed by competitors or that Sobi is not able to 
maintain the confidentiality of information relating to such medicines. If Sobi is unable to successfully protect its 
intellectual property rights, trade secrets, and unpatented property know-how, it could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if a key employee leaves 
Sobi and important know-how held by that employee is not transferred to another person within the Group, this 
could adversely affect the Group’s operations (see also “Sobi is exposed to employment-related risks” above). 
Third parties may successfully claim that Sobi has infringed their proprietary rights 
Patent infringement and patent invalidity claims are typical of the pharmaceutical industry. Accordingly, there is 
a risk that an intellectual property infringement claim or cancellation action could be brought against Sobi and 
that, if such third-party claims are successful, Sobi will be found to have infringed the commercial property rights 
of others. This risk is accentuated in countries in which patent applications are not publicly disclosed until the 
patent is issued and, therefore, Sobi may not be aware of currently filed patents upfront or immediately. The 
validity of a patent may also be challenged or lost through the existence of unforeseen, prior art that question the 
priority of invention of the patented technology. Furthermore, a significant third-party claim could result in 
management’s attention being distracted from current operations. The outcome of any intellectual property related 
proceedings is uncertain and could adversely affect, hinder, delay or prevent the manufacture, use, marketing or 
sale of Sobi’s medicines or processes. The Group may also be required to pay substantial damages or change the 
medicine offerings or expend significant resources to develop non-infringing products or processes. Any of the 
above could affect Sobi’s ability to compete, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Sobi relies, in part, on license, collaboration and other agreements to develop its portfolio. Present and future 
licenses, collaborations and other intellectual property related agreements may impose various obligations on the

--- Page 24 ---
24(65) 
 
 
 
Group, including with respect to development, commercialisation, funding, milestones, royalties, diligence, 
sublicensing, insurance, patent prosecution and enforcement. For example, certain licensing arrangements include 
non-compete clauses in favour of the licensor, pursuant to which Sobi’s ability to produce, market and distribute 
products that are similar to or compete with the licensed products is restricted. If Sobi breaches any of these 
obligations, or use the intellectual property licensed to the Group in an unauthorised manner, Sobi may be required 
to pay damages and the licensors may have the right to terminate its license. If Sobi’s license or other intellectual 
property related agreements are terminated, Sobi may be required to cease developing and commercialising 
medicinal product candidates that are covered by the licensed intellectual property. 
In addition, licensing, collaboration and other agreements under which Sobi licenses intellectual property or 
technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to 
multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow 
what Sobi believes to be the scope of its rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what 
Sobi believes to be its financial obligations or other obligations under the relevant agreement. Moreover, if disputes 
over licensed intellectual property prevent or impair the ability to maintain current licensing arrangements on 
commercially acceptable terms, Sobi may be unable to successfully develop and commercialise the affected 
medicinal product candidates. For example, such disputes may relate to (i) the scope of rights granted under the 
agreement and other interpretation related issues; (ii) the extent to which Sobi’s technology and processes infringe 
intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the agreement; (iii) the sublicensing of patent and other 
rights under collaborative development relationships; (iv) Sobi’s diligence obligations under the agreement and 
what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; (v) the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how 
resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by licensors and Sobi and its collaborators; and (vi) 
the priority of invention of patented technology. 
To help protect any proprietary know-how Sobi develops and any inventions for which patents may be 
unobtainable or difficult to obtain, Sobi may have to rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements. 
There is a risk that not all of the employees, consultants, advisors and contractors that have access to Sobi’s trade 
secrets and confidential information will agree to enter into agreements which prohibit the disclosure of 
confidential information and, where applicable, require to disclosure and assignment to Sobi of the ideas, 
developments, discoveries and inventions important to its business. Even where such persons were to enter into 
such agreements, these agreements may not provide adequate protection for Sobi’s trade secrets, know-how or 
other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorised use or disclosure or the lawful development by 
others of such information. If any of its trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information were disclosed, 
the value of such trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary rights would be significantly impaired and the 
Group’s business and competitive position would suffer.  
If Sobi is unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain or 
defend its existing intellectual property rights, Sobi may have to abandon development of the relevant program or 
medicinal product candidate, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Sobi is subject to tax-related risks 
Changes in tax laws could adversely affect the Group’s tax position, including the effective tax rate or tax 
payments. The Group’s business activity is assessed for tax purposes based on currently applicable tax legislation 
taking into account current case law and administrative interpretations. However, there may be uncertainties 
regarding the tax treatment of specific transactions and the Group’s assessment may differ from that of the relevant 
tax authority. As a result, there is a risk that the Group’s current and future position on taxation matters will not 
be accepted by the relevant tax authorities. If the Group’s tax positions are challenged by relevant tax authorities, 
the imposition of additional taxes could require the Group to pay taxes that Sobi currently does not collect or pay 
or increase the costs associated with tracking and collecting such taxes, which could increase the costs of 
operations.  
Sobi is also exposed to risks relating to transfer pricing. Most national tax authorities follow the Organization for 
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) or United Nations guidelines when considering the arm’s-
length nature of cross-border pricing of goods and services. However, adjustments made by a national tax authority 
may not lead to a corresponding adjustment in the other tax jurisdiction. Also, even where a corresponding tax 
adjustment is allowed, national tax rates may be different and may therefore increase the Group’s overall burden 
of taxation. The Group’s cross-border trade is increasing and, although the Group benchmark its intercompany 
pricing regularly, the risk of an adverse adjustment will require constant monitoring, which may require a 
substantial amount of the management resources.

--- Page 25 ---
25(65) 
 
 
 
Moreover, Sobi is regularly subject to tax audits. There is a risk that tax deficiencies may be asserted against the 
Group or that the taxes assessed by the competent authorities pursuant to such tax audits will exceed the tax 
provisions made by the Group. All of the tax assessments issued for periods which have not yet been finally audited 
may be subject to review.  
Potential challenges by relevant tax authorities or auditors or discrepancies in the adjustments made by the tax 
authorities in certain jurisdictions may result in an increased tax burden of the Group, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business and net results of operations. 
Financial risks 
Sobi is exposed to currency risk  
Sobi markets medicines in many countries, primarily throughout Europe, North America, the Middle East, North 
Africa, Asia and Australia, with operations in around 30 countries. Accordingly, a significant portion of the 
Group’s sales, expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the Company’s reporting 
currency, SEK, and as such the results are subject to foreign exchange transaction risk. 
Transaction risk arises when sales and purchasing transactions are denominated in other currencies and is defined 
as the risk that changes in foreign exchange rates will negatively affect the Group’s profitability or cash flow. 
While this risk is limited in Sobi’s subsidiaries as their operational and financial transactions are mainly 
denominated in their local currencies, it is significant for the Company, since the Company has considerable cash 
flows of foreign currencies, primarily in USD and EUR. The currency with the largest net exposure, including 
derivates, is USD. Based on a sensitivity analysis as of 31 December 2023, a 5 per cent appreciation of SEK against 
USD would have impacted the Group’s operating profit by SEK 36 million, and the Group’s net financial items 
by SEK -3 million. 
Although Sobi generally employ different financial derivatives to hedge the risks associated with assets, liabilities 
and anticipated future cash flows denominated in foreign currency, there is a risk that such financial instruments 
are not sufficient or not effective or due to a default risk of the relevant counterparty, in which case fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Sobi is exposed to liquidity and financing risks  
Sobi’s liquidity is secured by the maintaining of an appropriate liquidity reserve (bank balances, current 
investments and undrawn credit facilities). As of 31 December 2023, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of 
SEK 904 million and net available committed credit facilities of SEK 4,069 million. Unforeseen cost increases 
and/or unforeseen income reductions may result in the Group’s liquidity reserve being insufficient, which could 
have significant consequences for the Group’s operations and results. 
Sobi’s existing debt financing consists of four long-term facilities agreements, with an aggregate committed 
amount of EUR 1,710 million and SEK 5,000 million. In addition, Sobi has a commercial paper programme of up 
to SEK 4,000 million. As of 31 December 2023, non-current and current borrowings totalled SEK 20,169 million.  
There is a risk that the Group will not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or on terms that enable Sobi 
to execute on its strategy and future acquisitions. This may cause the Group’s non-organic growth to stagnate or 
fail to materialise, or result in the Group not having sufficient financial resources to conduct the business in the 
desired manner. The ability to secure financing through loans on favourable terms or at all depends on a number 
of factors beyond Sobi’s control, including conditions prevailing at the time on the international credit and capital 
markets. If the Group fails to repay its existing or future debts, to renew or refinance existing or future credit 
facilities on acceptable terms or to perform existing financial obligations or fulfil its financial covenants and other 
commitments under its credit facilities, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity, profit 
and financial position.  
Moreover, as of 31 December 2023, Sobi had accrued royalty payments totalling SEK 312 million, which related 
to license agreements entered into with other industry participants. If the Group does not have sufficient liquidity 
to pay these royalty payments as milestones are achieved, it may lose access to the licensed medicines and/or be 
subject to damage claims (see “Sobi is subject to the risk of litigation, investigations and other claims” above), 
which would have a material adverse effect on Group’s revenues and results of operations. 
Events involving these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s growth, expansion and 
development or otherwise impair the Group’s ability to conduct its business in accordance with Sobi’s strategy.

--- Page 26 ---
26(65) 
 
 
 
Sobi’s profit and financial position can be negatively affected by impairment of goodwill 
or other intangible assets 
As a consequence of Sobi’s acquisition strategy, the Group regularly recognises significant intangible assets on 
the balance sheet. As of 31 December 2023, Sobi had intangible assets of SEK 60,120 million (corresponding to 
81 per cent of the Group’s total assets).  
All of the Group’s intangible assets are initially measured at cost. In the event that contingent considerations are 
dependent on future events linked to the achievement of certain regulatory and commercial milestones, intangible 
assets are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration paid and future consideration. Fair value is 
determined by totalling the payment obligations in connection with the acquisition of the intangible asset and, in 
the case of an asset deal, also capitalising any transaction costs on the asset. The future considerations are 
probability-weighted and discounted to their present value at the acquisition date, and corresponding amounts are 
recognised as separate financial liabilities. Intangible assets other than goodwill, or with a finite useful life, are 
amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful life. At the end of each financial year, and every interim 
accounting period, where there is any indication that an intangible asset may be impaired, its recoverable amount 
is calculated. Sobi recognises the difference between the carrying amount and the recoverable amount as 
impairment loss in the income statement. The amount of impairment losses that the Group are required to recognise 
in the future may be significant, particularly in the event of material acquisitions or medicines that perform below 
the Group’s expectations (see also “Sobi is exposed to risks related to the identification and execution of 
acquisitions”, “Sobi is exposed to risks related to the integration of acquisitions” and “Sobi’s potential medicines 
may not achieve commercial success and market acceptance” above). The analysis of potential impairment of 
goodwill, identified intangible assets, and fixed assets, is based on significant judgement, estimates and 
assumptions and therefore inherently uncertain. The future development of the macroeconomic environment, 
unsuccessful acquisitions or other factors could lead to possibly significant impairments to be recognised in the 
future, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Sobi is exposed to interest rate risks 
Interest rate risk is the risk that Sobi would be adversely affected by changes in interest rates, both on profits 
through changes in general interest rates and on instruments with fixed interest rates through changes in market 
values. The Group’s financing sources primarily consist of equity, cash flow from operating activities, and 
borrowings. Interest-bearing debt exposes the Group to interest rate risk. Loans are normally raised with a fixed-
rate period of three months. 
Interest rates are sensitive to numerous factors beyond Sobi’s control, including government and central bank 
monetary policy and inflation in the jurisdictions where the Group has exposure to interest rates. There is a risk 
that changes in market interest rates will have a negative effect on the Group’s financial position and results. In 
addition, changes in inflation rates may cause interest rates to change and consequently change the Group’s interest 
expenses. Based on a sensitivity analysis as of 31 December 2023, a constant interest rate increase of 1 percentage 
point would have had a negative impact of SEK 170 million on the Group’s next year’s net financial items. 
Sobi is exposed to credit risk 
Sobi is exposed to counterparty risks in connection with third-party contractors, if contracting parties fail to meet 
their obligations. In addition, there is an increasing risk that, in a deteriorating economic and financial environment, 
customers may delay or fail to make payments to Sobi or its business partners. A significant portion of Sobi’s total 
revenue is derived from sales to a relatively limited number of distributors. During 2023, Sobi’s largest customer 
represented approximately 22 per cent of the Group’s total revenue. 
Although Sobi believes that its business is not materially dependent on any single customer or distributor, if Sobi 
was to experience a significant reduction in or loss of business with one or more customers or distributors, or if 
one or more distributor or other counterparty were to experience difficulty in paying Sobi on a timely basis or at 
all, the Group’s financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. As of 31 
December 2023, Sobi had accounts receivable amounting to SEK 5,169 million, of which SEK 1,077 million was 
overdue.  
While Sobi strives to maintain business relations with business partners of good financial standing and agreements 
with contractors generally include contractual remedies to safeguard against default risk, these measures may be 
insufficient. In addition, third parties on whom Sobi relies may not be able to fulfil their contractual obligations. 
The failure of third-party manufacturers and service providers to meet their contractual obligations could 
materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 27 ---
27(65) 
 
 
 
Sobi’s estimates regarding accrued contractual and tender-based discounts may prove 
to be wrong 
Tender systems for pharmaceutical products have been implemented (by both public and private entities) in a 
number of significant markets in which the Group operates in an effort to lower prices. Under such systems, 
governments or private entities do not directly set the prices of pharmaceutical products, but rather manufacturers 
submit bids that establish prices for pharmaceutical products and governments or private entities select a winning 
bidder. These measures affect competition, marketing practices and reimbursement of medicines. Net sales are 
recognised after deduction for, among other things, contractual and tender-based discounts and therefore an 
estimate of accrued discounts must be made in connection with Sobi’s financial statements. Sobi’s estimates 
include the impact that accrued contractual and tender-based discounts, accrued refunds based on government and 
regulatory price changes and accrued medicine returns may have in subsequent periods. As of 31 December 2023, 
sales-related accruals amounted to SEK 2,903 million. However, it cannot be ensured that these reserves are 
adequate or that actual accrued contractual and tender-based discounts, accrued refunds based on government and 
regulatory price changes and accrued medicine returns will not exceed Sobi’s estimates, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s revenues, cash flows and financial position.  
Risks related to the MTN 
The claims of Noteholders are structurally subordinated 
The MTN are structurally subordinated to the claims of all holders of debt securities and other creditors, including 
creditors of the subsidiaries, and structurally and/or effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral 
to all of the secured creditors of Sobi and its subsidiaries’ and other companies within the Group. In the event of 
an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business of any of the 
subsidiaries or other companies within the Group, unsecured creditors of such companies, secured creditors and 
obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application will generally 
have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to the Company. Hence, there is a risk that a 
Noteholder loses part of or its entire investment in the MTN, should Sobi, or any subsidiary or other company 
within the Group, experience difficulties with meeting its financial obligations through an insolvency, bankruptcy, 
liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business.  
Sobi may provide collateral for other debt 
Sobi finances a portion of its operations through bank loans and other debt instruments. The Terms and Conditions 
do not contain any negative pledge undertaking other than in relation to Market Loans and, consequently, Sobi 
may retain, provide or renew security over its current or future assets to secure existing or additional bank loans. 
As Noteholders have no security in Sobi’s assets, any secured creditors of the Company will be entitled to payment 
from the collateral before the Noteholders. Therefore, in the event of Sobi’s liquidation, reorganisation or 
bankruptcy, Noteholders will be unsecured creditors and there is a risk that there may not be sufficient funds to 
repay the Noteholders. 
Risks relating to interest rate constructions 
MTN with a fixed interest rate bear interest at a fixed rate until the Maturity Date for such MTN. The value of 
such MTN is highly influenced by the market interest rate level. As the market interest rate level changes, the 
value of the MTN with a fixed interest rate typically changes in the opposite direction, i.e. if the market interest 
rate level increases, the market value of such MTN falls and if the general interest rate level falls, the market value 
of such MTN increases. Since the price of MTN is adversely affected by changes in the market interest rate level, 
there is a risk that Noteholders may lose all or a significant part of their investment in such MTN. 
MTN with a floating interest rate bear interest with a floating rate until the Maturity Date for such MTN. A decrease 
in the general interest rate level generally means that the return of MTN bearing floating interest rate may decrease. 
Investments in MTN with floating interest can be subject to fast and substantial interest rate variations. There is a 
risk that the Base Rate decreases during the term of the MTN, whereby the Interest Rate will decrease or even be 
zero. Such a decrease of the Interest Rate presents a significant risk to the return on a Noteholder’s investment. 
MTN with zero coupon bears no interest and may be issued at a discount, par or premium. The price is normally 
determined by the market interest rate level. When there is a positive market interest rate, the MTN with zero 
coupon are normally issued at a discount. The market value of such MTN may be adversely affected by changes 
in the market interest rate level. If the market interest rate level increases in relation to the level at the issue date, 
the market value of zero coupon MTN will typically decrease. Hence, there is a risk that changes in the market 
interest rate will result in Noteholders losing all or a significant part of their investment in such MTN. MTN issued

--- Page 28 ---
28(65) 
 
 
 
at a discount or premium tend to fluctuate more as a result of a change in the market interest rate than MTN issued 
at par. 
Risks relating to the regulation and reform of benchmarks, including STIBOR 
In order to ensure the reliability of reference rates, legislative action at EU level has been taken. Hence, the 
Regulation (EU) no. 2016/1011 of the European parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”) which regulates the provision of reference values, reporting of data bases for reference values and 
use of reference values within the EU. There is a risk that the benchmark regulation may affect how certain 
reference rates are calculated. These reforms may cause STIBOR and EURIBOR to perform differently than in 
the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. If this would be the case 
for STIBOR or EURIBOR, and e.g. the relevant fallback solution evident from the Terms and Conditions should 
not work properly or negatively for either or both of Sobi or the Noteholders, this may lead to difficulties with 
determination and calculating interest which in turn risks leading to costly and time consuming discussions (and 
maybe even disputes) in respect of the matter, which in each case risks having an adverse effect on Sobi and/or 
the Noteholders. 
Secondary market and liquidity 
There is normally no significant real time trading in MTN on a Regulated Market on which the MTNs may be 
admitted to trading. Trading conducted in MTN is normally conducted outside the trading venue through so-called 
Over-The-Counter (OTC) trading. This can apply throughout its duration, and there is therefore a risk that a 
functioning secondary market for MTN will not arise or persist. If a secondary market for MTN does not develop, 
liquidity may be low. As a result, rapidly selling an MTN or obtaining a price may be associated with difficulties 
compared to similar investment that have a liquid secondary market. In addition, the transparency of the bond 
market, primarily the OTC transactions, is called into question, as it is mainly based on the financial institutions 
involved in OTC trading reporting this correctly. The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) has in a 2019 supervisory report, FI Supervision No. 15 – New rules resulted 
in reduced transparency on the Swedish Bond markets, noted that information about transactions on the bond 
market is sometimes so difficult to find that it can be uncertain as to whether this is because it has never been 
published or whether it is simply very difficult to access, which is contributing to the low level of transparency. 
For Noteholders, there is consequently a risk that the secondary market will not give an accurate picture of the 
market value of the MTN. 
Credit rating of MTN may not reflect all risks 
One or more credit rating agencies may rate Loans issued under the MTN Programme, which will be specified in 
the Final Terms. There is a risk that such a rating has not factored in all the risks associated with investment in the 
Loan. A credit rating is therefore not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and can be changed or 
revoked by the credit rating agencies at any time. Credit ratings that Sobi has been awarded may differ from the 
credit rating obtained for a Loan, which is why an investor cannot rely exclusively on the credit rating provided. 
In the event a credit rating is provided for the MTN in the Final Terms, a deterioration in the Group’s 
creditworthiness may have a negative impact on the credit rating awarded for the MTN, while a poorer credit rating 
from a credit rating agency may adversely affect the value of the MTN. 
Early redemption of the MTN 
Under the Final Terms for a Loan, the Issuer may have the option to redeem all, but not some only, of the 
outstanding MTN under a Loan in full prior to the stated Maturity Date. There is a risk that Noteholders may not 
be able to reinvest the amount received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their 
investments in the MTN.

--- Page 29 ---
29(65) 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The following general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions”) shall apply to loans that 
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (Swedish Corporate ID. no. 556038-9321) (the “Company”) issues on the 
capital market under an agreement that has been entered into on 26 April 2024 between the Company and 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank Abp, and 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) regarding the MTN programme (the “MTN Programme”) by issuing notes in 
SEK or EUR with varying maturities, although not less than one year, known as Medium Term Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
In addition to the definitions set out above, the following terms will have the meaning set out below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator 
(Sw. kontoförande institut) pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and through which 
a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its MTN. 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means the Loan Amount less the amount of MTN owned by the Company, 
or a Group Company, regardless of whether such Group Company is directly registered as the owner 
of such MTN or not. 
“Administrative Agent” means: 
(a) 
if a Loan has been issued through two or more Issuing Agents, the Issuing Agent designated 
by the Company as being responsible for certain administrative tasks relating to the Loan 
according to the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if a Loan has been issued through only one Issuing Agent, the Issuing Agent for that Loan. 
“Arranger” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) or any Dealer replacing it as Arranger. 
“Base Rate” means in regards to Loans with Floating Rate, the base rate STIBOR or EURIBOR as 
specified in the Final Terms or any reference rate replacing STIBOR or EURIBOR in accordance 
with Section 14 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
“Business Day” means a day that is not a Sunday or other public holiday in Sweden or that, in respect 
of the payment of promissory notes, is not equated with a public holiday in Sweden. Saturdays, 
Midsummer’s Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year’s Eve 
(Sw. nyårsafton) will be considered to be equated to public holidays for this definition.  
“Currency” has the meaning set out in the Final Terms. 
“Day Count Convention” means, when calculating an amount for a particular calculation period, the 
calculation method specified in the Final Terms. 
(a) 
If the calculation method “30/360” is specified as applicable, the amount must be calculated 
for a year with 360 days, consisting of twelve months each of 30 days, and during the broken 
month the actual number of days that have elapsed in the month; 
(b) 
if the calculation method “Actual/360” is specified as applicable, the amount must be 
calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360; or 
(c) 
any other method of calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
“Dealers” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige 
Filial, Nordea Bank Abp, and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) as well as any other dealer 
(Sw. emissionsinstitut) that has been specifically authorised by Euroclear Sweden to handle and 
register issues in the VPC system, and which accedes to this MTN Programme, although only 
provided such institution has not ceased to act as a dealer. 
“Debt Register” means the register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by Euroclear Sweden in respect of the MTN 
in which a Noteholder is registered.

--- Page 30 ---
30(65) 
 
 
 
“EURIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate as displayed as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day on page 
EURIBOR01 of the Refinitiv screen (or through such other system or on such other page as 
replacing the said system or page) for EUR for a period comparable to the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as 
supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the European Reference Banks 
for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) and (b) is available, the interest rate which, 
according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the interest 
rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant Interest Period. 
“Euro” and “EUR” means the currency used by the participating member states of the European 
Union in accordance with the European Union’s regulations for the Economic and Monetary Union 
(EMU). 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB (Swedish Corporate ID. no. 556112-8074). 
“European Reference Banks” means four major commercial banks which, at the current time, are 
quoting EURIBOR and are appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
“Final Terms” means the Final Terms established for a particular Loan under this MTN Programme 
in accordance with the form of Final Terms under the section “Form of Final Terms” below (with the 
additions and amendments that may be made from time to time). 
“Group” means the corporate group in which the Company is the parent company (the terms group 
and parent company refer to that which is specified in the Swedish Companies Act 
(Sw. Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)), as amended from time to time).  
“Group Company” means any legal entity that, from time to time, forms part of the Group. 
“Insolvent” means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits inability 
to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9 of the 
Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other relevant 
jurisdiction). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, according to the Final Terms, the date from which interest 
(where applicable) begins to accrue. 
“Issuing Agent” means, according to the Final Terms, the Dealer(s) under this MTN Programme 
through which a particular Loan has been carried out. 
“Loan” means any loan from a particular series, encompassing one or more MTN with the same ISIN 
code, which the Company issues under this MTN Programme. 
“Loan Amount” means the total outstanding Nominal Amount of MTN in respect of a particular 
Loan, although less any repaid amount. 
“Loan Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Loan Terms and Conditions” means for a particular Loan, these General Terms and Conditions as 
well as the Final Terms for said Loan.  
“Market Loans” means issuing commercial papers, bonds or other securities (including loans under 
this MTN Programme or other market loan programmes), which are sold, brokered or invested in an 
organised form and which are or may be traded on a Regulated Market.  
“Material Group Companies” means (i) the Company and (ii) each Group Company which, based 
on the most recent published consolidated audited financial statements of the Group: 
(a) 
has assets representing (on a consolidated basis) ten (10) per cent. or more of the consolidated 
total assets of the Group, or

--- Page 31 ---
31(65) 
 
 
 
(b) 
has earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation equal to or exceeding 
ten (10) per cent. of the earnings of the Group (calculated on a consolidated basis). 
“Maturity Date” means, according to the Final Terms, the date on which an MTN is to be repaid. 
“MTN” means an unilateral debt obligation regarding a Nominal Amount that has been registered in 
accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument), and which forms part of a Loan 
issued by the Company under this MTN Programme. 
“Nominal Amount” means the amount for each MTN specified in the Final Terms in respect of a 
Loan. 
“Noteholder” means the party listed on the Securities Account as the directly registered owner 
(Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) of an MTN. 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting with the Noteholders in accordance with Section 13 
(Noteholders’ Meeting). 
“Record Date” means the fifth Business Day prior to (or another Business Day prior to the relevant 
date that is market practice on the Swedish bond market) (i) the due date for interest or the principal 
under the Loan Terms and Conditions, (ii) another date on which payment is to be made to 
Noteholders, (iii) the date of the Noteholders’ Meeting, (iv) the date on which the notification is 
dispatched, or (v) another relevant date. 
“Reference Banks” means the Dealers appointed under this MTN Programme or if none, or only one 
of the Dealers provide a quotation for STIBOR, such replacement banks which, at the relevant time, 
provide a quotation for STIBOR and which are designated by the Administrative Agent. 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended. 
“Securities Account” means the securities account maintained with Euroclear Sweden in accordance 
with 
the 
Swedish 
Financial 
Instruments 
Accounts 
Act 
(Sw. 
lag 
(1998:1479) 
om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument), in which (i) an owner of a security 
is directly registered as the owner of securities or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is registered in 
the name of a nominee. 
“Settlement Date” means the date on which, according to the Final Terms, the issue proceeds for 
MTN are to be paid. 
“STIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the relevant 
day and published on the information system Refinitiv’s page “STIBOR=” (or through such 
other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for SEK for a period 
comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as 
supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the Reference Banks for 
deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or  
(c) 
if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) and (b) is available, the interest rate 
which, according to the reasonable estimate of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the 
interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
“Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” means the legal currency in Sweden. 
1.2 
Additional definitions, such as Interest Rate Structure, Interest Rate, Base Rate Margin, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date(s), Interest Period and Currency can be found (where 
applicable) in the Final Terms.

--- Page 32 ---
32(65) 
 
 
 
1.3 
When calculating whether a limit described in Swedish Kronor has been reached or exceeded, an 
amount in another currency shall be calculated on the basis of the exchange rate that applied on the 
Business Day immediately prior to the relevant time and that is published on the Refinitiv’s website 
“SEKFIX=” (or through such other system or on such other website that replaces said system or 
website respectively) or, if no such exchange rate is published, the exchange rate for such currency 
against Swedish Kronor the mentioned date as published by the Swedish Central Bank 
(Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). 
2. 
ISSUANCE OF LOANS 
2.1 
Under this MTN Programme, the Company may issue MTN in Swedish Kronor or Euros with a 
maturity of at least one year. Under a Loan, MTN may be issued in multiple tranches without the 
approval of any Noteholder under the relevant Loan, provided that the terms of such tranches are 
identical with the exception of Loan Date, Loan Amount, price per MTN and Issuing Agent. 
2.2 
By subscribing for MTN, each initial Noteholder accepts that its MTN will have the rights and be 
subject to the terms and conditions arising from the Loan Terms and Conditions. By acquiring MTN, 
each new Noteholder confirms such acceptance. 
2.3 
The Company undertakes to make payments in respect of issued MTN, as well as to comply in other 
respects with the Loan Terms and Conditions for the Loans issued under this MTN Programme. 
2.4 
If the Company wishes to issue MTN under this MTN Programme, the Company must enter into a 
separate agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers, which will be the Issuing Agent(s) for 
said Loan. 
2.5 
Final Terms shall be established in relation to each particular Loan which together with these General 
Terms and Conditions shall constitute the complete Loan Terms and Conditions. 
3. 
REGISTRATION OF MTN 
3.1 
MTN will be registered in a Securities Account on behalf of Noteholders, and accordingly no physical 
securities will be issued. Any request for a particular registration measure in respect of MTN must be 
addressed to the Account Operator. 
3.2 
Anyone who, due to mandates, pledges, the provisions in the Children and Parents Code 
(Sw. föräldrabalken), terms and conditions in wills or deeds of gift, or otherwise has acquired the 
entitlement to receive payment under an MTN, must have their right to receive payment registered 
with Euroclear Sweden in order to receive such payment. 
3.3 
The Administrative Agent is entitled to receive information from Euroclear Sweden regarding the 
content of its Debt Register for MTN, in order to fulfil its duties in accordance with Section 12 
(Termination of loans) and Section 13 (Noteholders’ Meeting). Administrative Agents will not be 
responsible for the content of such extracts nor are they otherwise responsible for determining who is 
the Noteholder. 
4. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER 
4.1 
Any person other than a Noteholder wishing to exercise the Noteholder’s rights under the Loan Terms 
and Conditions or vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting must present a power of attorney or other proof of 
authorisation from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proof of 
authorisation starting with the Noteholder. 
4.2 
A Noteholder, or another party exercising the Noteholder’s rights pursuant to Section 4.1 above, may 
authorise one or more parties to represent the Noteholder in respect of some or all MTN held by the 
Noteholder. Any such authorised party must act independently. 
4.3 
These General Terms and Conditions shall not affect the relationship between a Noteholder who is 
the nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to an MTN and the owner of such MTN, and it is the

--- Page 33 ---
33(65) 
 
 
 
responsibility of such nominee to observe and comply with any restrictions that may apply to it in this 
capacity. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Payment in respect of MTN issued in Swedish Kronor must be made in Swedish Kronor, while 
payment in respect of MTN issued in Euros must be made in Euros. 
5.2 
Payments in respect of MTN must be made to the person who is registered as the Noteholder on the 
Record Date prior to the relevant due date, or to another person who is registered with Euroclear 
Sweden who is entitled to receive such payment. 
5.3 
If the Noteholder, through an Account Operator, has registered that the capital amount and interest 
are to be deposited in a particular bank account, this deposit will be made through Euroclear Sweden 
on the respective due date. 
5.4 
In the event Euroclear Sweden, due to a delay on the part of the Company or due to some other 
obstacle, should not be able to pay an amount as previously stated, the Company must ensure that the 
amount is paid as soon as the obstacle has ceased to exist. 
5.5 
If the Company is unable to fulfil its payment obligation through Euroclear Sweden due to an obstacle 
affecting Euroclear Sweden, the Company will be entitled to defer the payment obligation until the 
obstacle has ceased to exist. In such a case, interest will be payable in accordance with Section 7.2. 
5.6 
If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Section 5, the Company and Euroclear 
Sweden shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment 
was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Company or Euroclear Sweden 
(as applicable) was aware of that the payment was being made to a person not entitled to receive such 
amount. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest on a particular Loan is calculated and payable (where applicable) in accordance with the 
Loan Terms and Conditions. 
6.2 
In the Final Terms, the relevant Interest Rate Structure will be specified according to one of the 
following options or in a combination thereof:  
(a) 
Fixed Rate 
If the Loan is specified as a Loan with Fixed Rate, the Loan will bear interest at the Interest 
Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to and including the Maturity 
Date.  
Interest that has accrued during an Interest Period is paid in arrears on the respective Interest 
Payment Date and is calculated according to the Day Count Convention method set out in 
the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
If a Loan denominated in SEK or EUR is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate, the Loan 
will bear interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Loan Date up to and including 
the Maturity Date. The interest rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Administrative Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date, and is the sum of the 
Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of Section 14 
(Replacement of Base Rate). If the calculation of the interest rate entails a value lower than 
zero, the interest rate will be considered to be zero. 
If the interest rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date due to an obstacle 
as referred to in Section 18.1, the Loan will continue to run at the interest rate that applied to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle has ceased to exist, the

--- Page 34 ---
34(65) 
 
 
 
Administrative Agent will calculate a new interest rate, which will apply from the second 
Business Day after the date of the estimate up until the end of the current Interest Period.  
Interest is paid in arrears on each relevant Interest Payment Date and is calculated according 
to the Day Count Convention for MTN in SEK and EUR for the relevant Interest Period, or 
by using such other method of calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon 
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon it bears no interest. Loans with Zero Coupon may 
be issued at a discount, par or premium. 
6.3 
Interest (where applicable) is paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
6.4 
If the Interest Payment Date for Fixed Rate Loans falls on a non-Business Day, interest will not be 
paid until the following Business Day (an Interest Period shall however not be adjusted). However, 
interest is only calculated and payable up to and including the Interest Payment Date.  
6.5 
If the Interest Payment Date for Floating Rate Loans falls on a non-Business Day, the Interest Payment 
Date will instead be considered to be the nearest subsequent Business Day, provided that said Business 
Day does not fall in a new calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date will be considered 
to be the preceding Business Day. 
7. 
DEFAULT INTEREST 
7.1 
In the event of any default in payment, default interest shall be payable on the overdue amount from 
its due date up to and including the date on which payment is made at a rate corresponding to the 
average of one week STIBOR for MTN denominated in SEK and one week EURIBOR for MTN 
denominated in EUR for the duration of the delay, plus two (2) percentage points in each case. For 
this purpose, STIBOR and EURIBOR shall be determined on the first Business Day in each calendar 
week for the duration of the period of default. Default interest in accordance with this Section 7.1 for 
interest-bearing Loans shall never be paid at an interest rate lower than the interest rate applicable to 
the relevant Loan on its relevant due date plus two (2) percentage points. Default interest shall not be 
capitalised. 
7.2 
If the default in payment is due to an impediment affecting a Dealer or Euroclear Sweden, default 
interest shall accrue at a rate corresponding to: 
(a) 
for interest-bearing Loans, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on its relevant due 
date. 
(b) 
for Zero Coupon Loans, the average of one week STIBOR or EURIBOR respectively for the 
duration of the delay (whereby STIBOR and EURIBOR shall be determined on the first 
Business Day of each calendar week for the duration of the period of default). 
8. 
REPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE 
8.1 
Loans fall due for payment on the Maturity Date, with the amount per MTN that is specified in the 
Final Terms along with accrued interest (if any). If the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a 
Business Day, however, the Loan is repaid on the following Business Day. 
8.2 
The Company may, by agreement with the relevant Noteholder(s), repurchase MTN at any time and 
at any price in the open market or otherwise provided this is in compliance with applicable law. MTN 
that are owned by the Company may, according to the Company’s own decision, be retained, 
transferred or cancelled. 
9. 
VOLUNTARY EARLY REDEMPTION OF MTN 
9.1 
The Final Terms for a Loan may specify a right for the Company to redeem all, but not some only, of 
the outstanding MTN under that Loan in full on any Business Day prior to the Maturity Date for such

--- Page 35 ---
35(65) 
 
 
 
Loan. If MTN are redeemed pursuant to this Section 9.1 such MTN shall be redeemed at the time and 
to the price specified in such Final Terms together with any accrued but unpaid interest.  
9.2 
Redemption in accordance with Section 9.1 shall be made by the Company giving not less than fifteen 
(15) Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders and the Administrative Agent, in each case calculated 
from the effective date of the notice. Any such notice shall state the date on which the MTN of that 
Loan are to be redeemed or repurchased, the relevant Record Date and the redemption price and is 
irrevocable but may, at the Company’s discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent that shall 
be satisfied prior to the Record Date. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent(s) (if any), the 
Company shall redeem the MTN in full at the applicable amounts on the date on which the MTN are 
to be redeemed or repurchased as specified in the above notice.  
10. 
REPURCHASE IN CASE OF CHANGE OF CONTROL OR DE-LISTING 
10.1 
Each Noteholder is entitled to demand repurchase of all, or some, of the MTN held by the Noteholder 
if: 
(a) 
the shares in the Company cease to be listed on Nasdaq Stockholm; or 
(b) 
any person or group of persons (with the exception of Investor AB (publ) and its wholly-
owned Subsidiaries) acting in concert acquire ownership of shares representing more than 
fifty (50) per cent. of the share capital and/or votes in the Company or by any means establish 
control of more than fifty (50) per cent. of the share capital and/or votes in the Company. 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above “control” means the power to control by way of proxy, 
contract, agency or otherwise (other than through beneficial ownership) the casting of votes at a 
general meeting of the Company. For the purpose of paragraph (b) above “acting in concert” means 
acting together pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal). 
10.2 
It is the responsibility of the Company, as soon as the Company becomes aware of a change of 
ownership as described in Section 10.1, to notify the Noteholders of this through a press release, on 
the Company’s website and in accordance with Section 17 (Notices). The notification must include 
instructions regarding how a Noteholder that wishes to have MTN repurchased should act, as well as 
specifying the repurchase date. 
10.3 
The repurchase date will fall at the earliest twenty (20) and at the latest forty (40) Business Days after 
the notification of the change of ownership has been sent to Noteholders in accordance with Section 
10.2. However, in the event the repurchase date is not a Business Day, the repurchase date shall be 
deemed to be the Business Day immediately following. 
10.4 
Where a right to repurchase exists, the Company shall, upon demand by a Noteholder, repurchase the 
relevant MTN on the repurchase date at the price per MTN that would have been repaid on the 
Maturity Date, together with accrued interest (if any). For MTN with Zero Coupon, an amount per 
MTN calculated in accordance with Section 12.5 shall be paid instead. 
10.5 
Notices from Noteholders regarding demands for repurchase of MTN shall be drafted in accordance 
with the instructions set forth in the notice provided to the Noteholders in accordance with Section 
10.2. The Notice from the Noteholder must be received by the Company at least ten (10) Business 
Days before repurchase date. 
11. 
UNDERTAKINGS 
As long as an MTN is outstanding, the Company undertakes the following. 
11.1 
Status of the Loan 
The Company shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Loans rank at least pari passu with 
its other unsubordinated and unsecured payment obligations, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of mandatory law.

--- Page 36 ---
36(65) 
 
 
 
11.2 
Nature of business and assets 
The Company undertakes not to materially change the nature of the Group’s operations and business, 
or sell or otherwise dispose of any asset where such a sale or disposition has material adverse effect 
on the Company’s ability to fulfil its payment obligations towards the Noteholders. 
11.3 
Market Loans 
The Company undertakes to ensure, as long as any MTN is outstanding, that no Group Company: 
(a) 
other than the Company, will issue any Market Loan; or 
(b) 
maintains, prolongs or provides any guarantee or security over any of the Group’s present or 
future assets to secure any Market Loan. 
11.4 
Admission to trading on a Regulated Market 
The Company undertakes to apply for admission on the relevant Regulated Market for Loans which 
according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, and to take any 
measures that may be required to maintain the admission as long as the relevant Loan is outstanding, 
however, not longer than as permitted under applicable laws and regulations. 
11.5 
Availability of Loan Terms and Conditions 
The Company undertakes to ensure that the current version of these General Terms and Conditions, 
as well as the Final Terms for all outstanding Loans that have been admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market, are kept available on the Company’s website. 
12. 
TERMINATION OF LOANS 
12.1 
The Administrative Agent shall declare in writing a relevant Loan, together with accrued interest (if 
any), immediately due and payable, or payable at such time as the Administrative Agent or the 
Noteholders’ Meeting (as applicable) decides, upon the occurrence of any circumstance stated in 
Section 12.2 and if: 
(a) 
so decided by the Noteholders under a Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(b) 
so requested in writing by Noteholders who, at the time of the request, represent not less than 
ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan. 
A request for termination may only be made by Noteholders who are registered in the Debt Register 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the Business Day immediately following the date on which the 
request was received by the Administrative Agent, and must be made jointly if it is submitted by 
several Noteholders each representing less than ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under 
the relevant Loan. 
12.2 
Loans may only be declared due and payable in accordance with Section 12.1 provided that: 
(a) 
Non-Payment 
The Company fails to make timely payment of principal or interest due in respect of any 
Loan under this MTN Programme, unless the delay: 
(i) 
is a consequence of a technical or administrative error; and  
(ii) 
does not last for longer than three (3) Business Days.

--- Page 37 ---
37(65) 
 
 
 
(b) 
Other obligations 
The Company, in any respect other than that set out in paragraph (a) above, does not comply 
with its obligations under the Loan Terms and Conditions in respect of the relevant Loan, 
provided that: 
(i) 
the non-compliance is capable of remedy; and 
(ii) 
the Company has received a written request from the Administrative Agent to 
remedy the non-compliance and it has not been remedied within fifteen (15) 
Business Days. 
(c) 
Cross payment default and acceleration 
Any financial indebtedness of the Company or any Material Group Company is not paid 
when due as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or 
otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of 
default (however described), provided that Loans may only be declared due and payable 
under this paragraph (c) if the aggregate amount of financial indebtedness referred to herein 
is at least SEK 200,000,000 or its equivalent. 
(d) 
Insolvency 
Any of the Company or a Material Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any 
applicable regulation to be, Insolvent. 
(e) 
Insolvency proceedings 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step other than vexatious or 
frivolous and as disputed in good faith and discharged within thirty (30) Business Days is 
taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
dissolution, administration, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) 
or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) of the Company or a Material Group Company; 
(ii) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with creditors of the 
Company or a Material Group Company generally; 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation of a 
Material Group Company), administrator or other similar officer in respect of the 
Company or a Material Group Company or any of their respective assets; or 
(iv) 
any step analogous to paragraphs (i)-(iii) above is taken in any jurisdiction in 
relation to the Company or a Material Group Company. 
(f) 
Creditors’ process 
Any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction, affects any asset of the Company or a Material Group Company having a value 
of not less than SEK 200,000,000 or its equivalent and which is not discharged within thirty 
(30) Business Days. 
(g) 
Merger 
The Company is subject to a merger with any other person, with the effect that the Company 
is not the surviving entity.  
12.3 
The Administrative Agent may not declare a relevant Loan along with interest (if any) as due for 
payment pursuant to Section 12.2 by referring to grounds for termination, if a Noteholders’ Meeting 
has resolved that such grounds for termination (temporarily or permanently) will not result in 
termination pursuant to Section 12.2.

--- Page 38 ---
38(65) 
 
 
 
12.4 
It is the responsibility of the Company to notify the Dealers and the Noteholders immediately in 
accordance with Section 17 (Notices) in the event grounds for termination as set out in Section 12.2 
should occur. In the absence of such notification, neither the Administrative Agent nor the Dealers, 
regardless of their actual knowledge, shall be deemed to be aware of grounds for termination. Neither 
the Administrative Agent nor the Dealers are themselves obliged to monitor whether the conditions 
for termination according to Section 12.2 exist. 
12.5 
In the case of the repayment of Loans after termination pursuant to Section 12.1: 
(a) 
interest bearing Loans will be repaid at an amount per MTN that, together with accrued 
interest, would have been repaid on the final Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
non-interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN determined by the 
following formula as per the date of acceleration of the Loan: 
Nominal Amount 
(1 + r)t 
r =  
the ask rate quoted by the Administrative Agent for Swedish government bonds 
with an outstanding term to maturity corresponding to the remaining term of the 
relevant Loan. In the absence of such ask rate, the bid rate shall be used instead, 
as reduced by a market bid/ask spread, expressed in percentage points. The 
calculation shall be based on the closing quotation. 
t =  
the remaining term for the relevant Loan, expressed in the Day Count Convention 
Actual/360. 
13. 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
13.1 
The Administrative Agent may and must, at the request of the Company or Noteholders who, at the 
time of the request, represent at least one tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount under a particular Loan 
(said request may only be submitted by Noteholders who are registered in the Debt Register for MTN 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the Business Day immediately following the date on which the 
request was received by the Administrative Agent, and must be made jointly if it is submitted by 
several Noteholders each representing less than one tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount), convene a 
Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders under the relevant Loan. 
13.2 
The Administrative Agent must convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by sending notification of this to 
each Noteholder and the Company within five (5) Business Days after receiving a request from the 
Company or Noteholders pursuant to Section 13.1 (or such later date as required for technical or 
administrative reasons). The Administrative Agent must notify the Issuing Agent without delay and 
in writing about the abovementioned notification.  
13.3 
The Administrative Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) the proposed 
decision must be approved by a person in addition to the Noteholders and this person has notified the 
Administrative Agent that such approval will not be given, or (ii) the proposed decision is not 
compatible with applicable law. 
13.4 
The convening notification referred to in Section 13.2 must include (i) the time of the meeting, (ii) the 
venue for the meeting, (iii) the agenda for the meeting (including any request for a decision from the 
Noteholders), and (iv) a proxy form. Only matters that have been included in the convening 
notification may be decided at the Noteholders’ Meeting. If it is necessary for Noteholders to notify 
their intention to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting, this requirement must be specified in the convening 
notification. 
13.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting must be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than 
thirty (30) Business Days after the notification. Noteholders’ Meetings for multiple loans under the 
MTN Programme can be held at the same time.

--- Page 39 ---
39(65) 
 
 
 
13.6 
Without deviating from the provisions in these General Terms and Conditions, the Administrative 
Agent may prescribe such additional provisions regarding the notification and the implementation of 
the Noteholders’ Meeting as it deems appropriate. Such provisions may include the potential for 
Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person, i.e. that voting may take place using an 
electronic voting procedure or through a written voting procedure. 
13.7 
Only persons who are, or have been, authorised in accordance with Section 4 (Right to act on behalf 
of a Noteholder) by a person who is a Noteholder on the Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting 
may exercise voting rights at such Noteholders’ Meeting, provided that the relevant MTN are covered 
by the Adjusted Loan Amount. The Administrative Agent must ensure that, at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, there is a printout of the Debt Register maintained by Euroclear Sweden from the Record 
Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
13.8 
Noteholders, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Agents, as well as their respective 
representatives, assistants and any experts, are entitled to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Representatives must present a duly issued power of attorney, which must be approved by the Chair 
of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting must begin with the appointment of a chair, 
a person to take the minutes and persons to adjust the minutes. The Chair must draw up a list of 
attending Noteholders who are eligible to vote, indicating the share of the Adjusted Loan Amount that 
each Noteholder represents (the “Voting List”). After this, the Voting List must be approved by the 
Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders who have cast their votes via an electronic voting procedure, a 
voting slip or equivalent will, with the application of these provisions, be deemed to be present at the 
Noteholders’ Meeting. Only those who were Noteholders on the Record Date, or representatives of 
said Noteholders, and who are covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount, are entitled to vote and will be 
included in the Voting List. The Company will have access to relevant voting calculations and the 
supporting data for these. The minutes must be completed as soon as possible and made available to 
Noteholders, the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Agent. 
13.9 
Decisions in the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing at least ninety 
(90) per cent. of that portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders are voting under 
the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
changing the Maturity Date, reduction of the Loan Amount, changing of terms relating to 
interest or the amount to be repaid (other than in accordance with the Loan Terms and 
Conditions, including what follows from the application of Section 14 (Replacement of Base 
Rate)) and changing of the relevant Currency of the Loan; 
(b) 
change to the terms of the Noteholders’ Meeting under this Section 13;  
(c) 
change of debtors; and 
(d) 
mandatory exchange of MTN for other securities. 
13.10 
Matters that are not covered by Section 13.9 require the consent of Noteholders representing more 
than fifty (50) per cent. of the portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders are voting 
under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. This includes, but is not limited to, amendments 
and waivers of rights in relation to the Loan Terms and Conditions that do not require a greater 
majority (other than amendments according to Section 15 (Amendment of terms etc.)), as well as early 
termination of Loans. 
13.11 
A Noteholders’ Meeting reaches quorum if Noteholders representing at least fifty (50) per cent. of the 
Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of a matter in Section 13.9, or twenty 
(20) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of other matters, attend 
the meeting in person or by telephone (or attend through an authorised representative). 
13.12 
If the Noteholders’ Meeting does not reach quorum, the Administrative Agent must convene a new 
Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with Section 13.2), provided that the relevant proposal has not 
been withdrawn by the person or persons who initiated the Noteholders’ Meeting. The requirement 
for quorum set out in Section 13.11 will not apply to said new Noteholders’ Meeting. If the 
Noteholders’ Meeting has reached quorum for some but not all of the matters to be decided at the 
Noteholders’ Meeting, decisions will be taken regarding those matters for which quorum exists, and 
other matters will be referred to a new Noteholders’ Meeting.

--- Page 40 ---
40(65) 
 
 
 
13.13 
A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting which imposes new obligations on, or limits the rights of, the 
Company or an Issuing Agent under the Loan Terms and Conditions requires the written approval of 
the relevant party. 
13.14 
A Noteholder that holds more than one MTN does not need to vote for all the MTN they hold, nor 
vote in the same way for all their MTN. 
13.15 
The Company may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of any compensation 
to any Noteholder for its approval under the Loan Terms and Conditions unless such compensation is 
offered to all Noteholders who provide their consent at the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. 
13.16 
A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be binding on all Noteholders under the relevant 
Loan, whether or not they were present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders shall not be held 
liable for any damage that the decision may cause another Noteholder. 
13.17 
At the request of the Administrative Agent, the Company must, without delay, provide the 
Administrative Agent with a certificate indicating the total amount for all the MTN owned by Group 
Companies on the Business Day specified in Section 13.1 and the relevant Record Date prior to a 
Noteholders’ Meeting, regardless of whether said Group Company is directly registered as an owner 
of MTN. The Administrative Agent will not be responsible for the content of said certificate or 
otherwise be responsible for determining whether an MTN is owned by a Group Company. 
13.18 
Noteholders under the relevant Loan shall be notified, without delay, of any and all decisions made 
at a Noteholders’ Meeting through a press release published on the Company’s website and in 
accordance with Section 17 (Notices). At the request of a Noteholder or the Issuing Agent, the 
Administrative Agent shall provide the Noteholder with the minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ 
Meeting. Failure to notify the Noteholders as stated above in this section does not affect the validity 
of the decision. 
13.19 
Without amending or varying these Loan Terms and Conditions, the Administrative Agent may 
prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a Noteholders’ Meeting as 
the Administrative Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations may include a possibility for 
Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person and that voting can take place by 
electronic or written procedure.  
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
14.1 
If a Base Rate Event as described in Section 14.2 below has occurred, the Company shall, in 
consultation with the Arranger, initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, determine a 
Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread, as well as initiate the procedure to determine upon 
necessary administrative, technical and operational amendments to the Loan Terms and Conditions in 
order to apply, calculate and finally decide the applicable Base Rate. The Arranger is not obligated to 
participate in such consultation or determination as described above. Should the Arranger not 
participate in such consultation or determination, the Company shall, at the Company’s expense, as 
soon as possible appoint an Independent Adviser to initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably 
possible, determine upon the mentioned. Provided that the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and other amendments have been finally decided no later than prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period, they shall become effective with 
effect from and including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period, always subject 
to any technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden and any calculation methods applicable to such 
Successor Base Rate. 
14.2 
A Base Rate Event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (“Base Rate 
Event”) which means: 
(a) 
the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased to exist or 
ceased to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a result of the Base 
Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate Administrator ceases to

--- Page 41 ---
41(65) 
 
 
 
provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the statement or publication, no successor 
administrator has been appointed or is expected to be appointed to continue to provide the 
Base Rate; 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
is no longer representative of the underlying market which the Base Rate is intended to 
represent and the representativeness of the Base Rate will not be restored in the opinion of 
the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator, with the consequence that it is unlawful for the Company, the Arranger 
or the Administrative Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholders 
using the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) or it has 
otherwise become prohibited to use the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period 
of the relevant Loan); 
(e) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy trustee of the 
Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery and resolution framework 
(Sw. krishanteringsregelverket), or in respect of EURIBOR, from the equivalent entity with 
insolvency or resolution powers over the Base Rate Administrator, containing the 
information referred to in paragraph (b) above; or 
(f) 
a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate Event as set 
out in paragraphs (b)-(e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
14.3 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Company may (but are not obligated to), if it is possible 
at such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in 
consultation with the Arranger or through the appointment of an Independent Adviser, initiate the 
procedure as described in Section 14.1 above to finally decide the Successor Base Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in order to change the Successor Base Rate at an earlier 
time. 
14.4 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a)-(e) of Section 14.2 has occurred but no 
Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided at the latest prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date or if such Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally 
decided but due to technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden cannot be applied in relation to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be: 
(a) 
if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; or  
(b) 
if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. 
The provisions set out in this Section are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, provided that all 
relevant measures have been carried out regarding the application of and the adjustments described 
in this Section 14 (Replacement of Base Rate) prior to every such subsequent Interest Determination 
Date, but without success. 
14.5 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments becoming effective, 
the Company shall promptly, following the final decision by the Company in consultation with the 
Arranger or the Independent Adviser of any Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other 
amendments, give notice thereof to the Noteholders, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and 
Euroclear Sweden in accordance with Section 17 (Notices). The notice shall also include information 
about the effective date of the amendments. If the MTN are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market, the Company shall also give notice of the amendments to the relevant stock exchange. 
14.6 
The Arranger, the Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent that carries out measures in 
accordance with this Section 14 shall not be liable whatsoever for any damage or loss caused by 
determinations, action taken or omitted by it in conjunction with the determination and final decision

--- Page 42 ---
42(65) 
 
 
 
of the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any amendments thereto to the Loan Terms and 
Conditions, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The Arranger, the 
Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent shall never be responsible for indirect or 
consequential loss. 
14.7 
In this Section 14, the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread to be 
applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(i) 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement 
of the Base Rate; or 
(ii) 
if item (i) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Company in consultation with 
the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is reasonable to use in order to 
eliminate, to the extent possible, any transfer of economic value from one party to another 
as a result of a replacement of the Base Rate and is customarily applied in comparable debt 
capital market transactions. 
“Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) in relation 
to STIBOR and the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) in relation to EURIBOR or any 
person replacing it as administrator of the Base Rate. 
“Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published information as set out in 
paragraphs (b) to (e) of Section 14.2 that any event or circumstance specified therein will occur. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or advisor of repute in the debt 
capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant supervisory 
authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or committee of any of them 
or thirdly, the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Base Rate” means: 
(i) 
the screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term structure and 
calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest rate terms as MTN, 
which is formally recommended as a successor to or replacement of the Base Rate by a 
Relevant Nominating Body as successor; or 
(ii) 
if there is no such rate as described in item (i), such other rate as the Company in 
consultation with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is most comparable 
to the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, this definition 
shall be applied mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
15. 
AMENDMENT OF TERMS ETC. 
15.1 
The Company and the Dealers may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious errors in these 
General Terms and Conditions. 
15.2 
The Company and the Administrative Agent may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious errors in 
the Final Terms for a particular Loan. 
15.3 
The Company and the Arranger or the Independent Adviser may, without the approval of the 
Noteholders’, amend the Loan Terms and Conditions in accordance with what is described in 
Section 14 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
15.4 
The accession of a new Dealer to the MTN Programme may take place by means of a written 
agreement between the Company, the relevant institution and existing Dealers. Dealers may retire as

--- Page 43 ---
43(65) 
 
 
 
Dealers, although the Administrative Agent in respect of a particular Loan may not retire as 
Administrative Agent, unless a new Administrative Agent is appointed in its place for said Loan. 
15.5 
Amendments and waivers of Loan Terms and Conditions, other than as set out in Sections 15.1 to 
15.2 shall take place through a decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting as described in Section 13 
(Noteholders’ Meeting). 
15.6 
An approval of an amendment to terms and conditions granted at a Noteholders’ Meeting may cover 
the substance of the amendment, and does not need to include the specific wording of the amendment. 
15.7 
A decision regarding an amendment of the terms shall also include a decision in respect of when the 
amendment enters into force. However, an amendment shall not enter into force before it has been 
registered with Euroclear Sweden and published on the Company’s website. 
15.8 
The amendment or concession of Loan Terms and Conditions in accordance with this Section 14 must 
be notified to the Noteholders by the Company as soon as possible in accordance with Section 17 
(Notices) and published in accordance with Section 11.5. 
16. 
TIME-BAR FOR CLAIMS 
16.1 
Claims for repayment of principal shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the 
Maturity Date. Claims for interest shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years after each 
relevant Interest Payment Date. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect 
of which the Noteholders’ right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void. 
16.2 
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations 
(Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right 
to receive repayment of the principal, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest 
will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such 
date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations. 
17. 
NOTICES 
17.1 
Notifications shall be given to the Noteholders for the Loan in question at the address registered with 
Euroclear Sweden on the Record Date prior to dispatch. A notification to the Noteholders must also 
be made public by means of a press release and be published on the Company’s website. 
17.2 
Notification must be sent to the Company and the Dealers at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) at the time notice is given. 
17.3 
A notification to the Company or Noteholders in accordance with the Loan Terms and Conditions that 
is sent by normal mail to the specified address will be deemed to have been received by the recipient 
on the third Business Day after dispatch, and a notification sent by courier will be deemed to have 
been received by the recipient when it has been delivered at the specified address.  
17.4 
In the event a notification has not been sent correctly to a particular Noteholder, this will not affect 
the impact of the notification on other Noteholders. 
18. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ETC. 
18.1 
The Dealers shall not be liable for any damage as a consequence of Swedish or foreign legislation, 
actions by Swedish or foreign public authorities, acts of war, strikes, blockades, boycotts, lockouts, 
or any other similar circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts, and 
lockouts applies notwithstanding that the Dealer itself takes such measures or is subject to such 
measures. 
18.2 
Damage which arises in other cases shall not be compensated by the Dealer provided the Dealer acted 
with normal care. 
18.3 
No Dealer shall be obligated in any circumstance to pay compensation for indirect loss.

--- Page 44 ---
44(65) 
 
 
 
18.4 
In the event a Dealer is prevented from taking a measure as a consequence of a circumstance set forth 
in Section 18.1, the measure may be postponed until such time as the impediment no longer exists. 
18.5 
The provision set forth above shall apply unless otherwise required by the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounting Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION  
19.1 
Swedish law will apply to the Loan Terms and Conditions and all non-contractual obligations that 
arise in connection with the application of the Loan Terms and Conditions.  
19.2 
Disputes must be determined by a Swedish court. Stockholm District Court (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) 
will be the court of first instance.

--- Page 45 ---
45(65) 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The following template will be used for the preparation of the Final Terms 
for each loan issued under the MTN Programme 
 
FINAL TERMS  
(“Final Terms”) 
 
for loan no. [•] 
under Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ)’s (the “Company”) 
Swedish MTN Programme 
 
The General Terms and Conditions dated 26 April 2024 together with the Final Terms set forth below shall apply to 
the Loan. Unless otherwise stated, definitions used in these Final Terms are set forth in the Terms and Conditions or 
otherwise in the Company’s base prospectus, approved and registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory 
Authority on 26 April 2024 (the “Base Prospectus”) including any published supplemental prospectus prepared for 
the MTN Programme from time to time in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms for the Loan and has been prepared in accordance with Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Complete information about the Company and the MTN Programme can only be obtained through the Base 
Prospectus, any published supplementary prospectuses and these Final Terms, which is why investors who are 
considering investing in MTN should read these documents together and in full. The Base Prospectus and any 
supplementary prospectuses to the Base Prospectus as applicable are available on the Company’s website 
www.sobi.com. 
 
[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [date], whereby the Nominal Amount has been increased by 
[SEK/EUR] [amount in figures] from [SEK/EUR] [amount in figures] to [SEK/EUR] [amount in figures].] 
 
GENERAL 
1.  
Loan number: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Tranche name: 
[•] 
2. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
for the loan: 
[•] 
 
(ii)  for tranche [•]: 
[(iii) for tranche [•] (indicate previous 
tranches):] 
[•] 
[•] 
3. 
Price per MTN: 
[•] % of the Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest as 
from [insert date] if applicable] 
4. 
Currency: 
[SEK/EUR] 
5. 
Nominal Amount: 
[SEK/EUR] [•] (Not less than EUR 100,000 or the 
equivalent thereof in SEK.) 
6. 
Loan Date: 
[•] 
7. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Loan Date/[•]] 
8. 
Settlement Date: 
[Loan Date/[•]] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
10. 
Voluntary redemption of MTN 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 46 ---
46(65) 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph) 
The issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the MTN 
in full:  
[[(i)] at any time from and including [the first Business 
Day falling [●] ([●]) [months/days] after the Issue Date] / 
[●] to, but excluding, [the Maturity Date] / [●] at an 
amount per MTN equal to [●] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount, together with accrued but unpaid 
interest;][and/or] 
[[i)]/[(ii)] at any time form and including the first Business 
Day falling [●] ([●]) [months/days] prior to the Maturity 
Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date, at an amount 
equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together 
with accrued but unpaid interest]] 
11. 
Basis for calculation of interest: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate (FRN)] 
[Zero Coupon] 
12. 
Amount as basis for calculation of 
interest  
[Nominal Amount/[•]] 
BASIS FOR CALCULATION OF RETURN 
13. 
Fixed Rate: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[•] % annual interest calculated on [Nominal Amount/[•]]. 
 
(ii)  Interest Period: 
The time from [•] up to and including [•] (the first Interest 
Period) and thereafter each period of [•] months with the 
end date on an Interest Payment Date 
 
(iii)  Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually/Semi-Annually/Quarterly] on [•], the first time 
on [•] and the last time on [•] 
(The above is adjusted in the event of a shortened or 
extended Interest Period) 
 
(iv)  Day Count Convention Method: 
30/360 [Specify] 
 
(v) Risk factors: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading [Risks 
relating to interest rate constructions] in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
47(65) 
 
 
 
14. 
Floating Rate (FRN): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Base Rate: 
[•] months [STIBOR/EURIBOR] 
[The [first/last] coupon’s Base Rate will be interpolated 
linearly between [•] months [STIBOR/EURIBOR] and [•] 
months [STIBOR/EURIBOR].] 
 
(ii) 
Margin: 
[+/-][•] % annual interest calculated on [Nominal 
Amount/[•]] 
 
(iii)  Interest Determination Date: 
[Two] Business Days before each Interest Period, the first 
time on [•] 
 
(iv) Interest Period: 
The time from [•] up to and including [•] (the first Interest 
Period) and thereafter each period of approx. [•] months 
with the end date on an Interest Payment Date.  
 
(v) 
Interest Payment(s): 
The final day in each Interest Period, [the [•], the [•], the 
[•] and the [•],] the first time on [•] and the last time [the 
[•]/on the Maturity Date]. 
 
(vi) Day Count Convention Method: 
Actual/360 [Specify] 
 
(vii)  Risk factors: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading [“Risks 
relating to interest rate constructions”] in the Base 
Prospectus. 
15. 
Zero Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Terms for Loans without 
interest: 
[Specify details] 
 
(ii) Risk factors  
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading [“Risks 
relating to interest rate constructions”] in the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
REPAYMENT 
16. 
Amount at which MTN is to be 
repaid on the Maturity Date: 
[•] % of [Nominal Amount/[•]] 
 
OTHER 
17. 
Estimated net proceeds 
[SEK]/[EUR] [•] [less customary transaction costs and 
fees]/[Specify]. 
18. 
Use of net proceeds 
[General corporate purposes]/[Specify] 
19. 
Admission to trading on a 
Regulated Market: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Regulated Market: 
[Nasdaq Stockholm/Specify other Regulated Market] 
 
(ii)  Estimated total costs associated 
with admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
(iii)  Total number of securities 
admitted to trading: 
[•]

--- Page 48 ---
48(65) 
 
 
 
 
(iv) Earliest date for admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
20. 
Interests: 
[Specify/Not applicable]  
(Interests and any conflicts of interest for individuals who 
are involved in the share issue and that are of significance 
for the Loan must be described) 
21. 
Credit rating for Loans: 
[Specify/Not applicable] 
22. 
Resolutions as basis of the issue:  
[Not applicable/Resolutions regarding this Loan were 
taken on [insert date]/Specify] 
(If resolutions regarding issues under the MTN 
Programme are described in the Base Prospectus and this 
issue is covered by such a decision, “Not applicable” must 
be used) 
23. 
Information from third parties: 
[Information presented in these Final Terms originating 
from third parties has been reproduced accurately and, as 
far as the Company is aware and can ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have 
been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading]/ [Not applicable] 
24. 
Issuing Agent: 
 
 
(i) 
for tranche [•]: 
[(ii) for tranche [•] (indicate previous 
tranches):] 
[[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)], [●] [●] [•]]  
 
25. 
Administrative Agent: 
[[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)], [●] [●][•]] 
26. 
ISIN: 
SE[•] 
 
The Company confirms that the above Final Terms are applicable to the Loan, together with the General Terms 
and Conditions, and undertakes, in accordance therewith, to repay the Loan and to pay interest in accordance 
herewith. 
 
The Company further confirms that any material event after the date of the Base Prospectus that could affect the 
market’s assessment of the Loan and the Company to this MTN have been publicly disclosed. 
 
Stockholm [date for signing the Final Terms] 
 
SWEDISH ORPHAN BIOVITRUM AB (PUBL)

--- Page 49 ---
49(65) 
 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION AND STRUCTURE 
Overview 
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (Sobi®) is a specialised international biopharmaceutical company dedicated 
to transforming the lives of people with rare and debilitating diseases. 
With the ambition of providing reliable access to innovative medicines in the areas of haematology, immunology 
and specialty care, Sobi had 1,800 employees globally across Europe, North America, the Middle East, Asia and 
Australia as of 31 December 2023.  
Inspired by caring, powered by science, Sobi is dedicated to ensuring every eligible person living with rare and 
debilitating disease within Sobi’s disease area is given an opportunity to benefit from its approved medicines. 
Delivering innovative solutions from Sobi’s pipeline and commitment to patients, its employees and society. 
In 2023, reported total revenue for the Group amounted to SEK 22,123 million and EBITA adjusted1 was SEK 
7,494 million. A vast majority of Sobi’s revenue originated from Europe and North America. Sobi’s revenue 
streams include product sales, royalties, and co-promotion. Sobi’s common shares (STO:SOBI) are listed on 
Nasdaq Stockholm. 
Sobi’s business model is built upon its ambition to be a leader in haematology, and Sobi strives to foster and access 
external innovation through a variety of partnerships, including regional and global licensing deals, as well as 
acquisitions. These efforts have resulted in a broad commercial portfolio across Haematology and Immunology, 
as well as a portfolio of established Specialty Care products. More recently, and in line with the commitment to 
extending its direct global reach, Sobi has been acquiring global rights to medicines through asset and company 
acquisitions, such as the acquisition of Novimmune’s emapalumab-related business and the acquisitions of Dova 
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2019, and CTI BioPharma in 2023. Sobi is currently advancing 10 late-stage pre-
commercial projects2, focusing on haematology, immunology, and specialty care. Sobi believes that this pipeline 
will provide future growth opportunities to support its growth-driving commercial medicines. Sobi also remains 
committed to discovering and integrating external opportunities through strategic acquisitions and business 
development and licensing activities. 
Business model 
Rare diseases pose unique challenges to those affected. Rare disease patients, and their families, often bear a 
significant burden in their search for knowledge, advocacy and medicines – both personally and financially – 
compared to individuals with more common diseases.  
Sobi has more than 20 years of experience committed to developing and commercialising medicines for rare 
diseases. Sobi is dedicated to navigating these challenges and has extensive market knowledge and insights. This 
enables Sobi to effectively identify and capitalise on new business development opportunities, bringing innovative 
medicines to patients and ensure rapid, reliable access to treatments. 
Sobi’s heritage and experience enable it to establish partnership with patient communities throughout the entire 
medicine development value chain. By collaborating on patient-centric solutions, and maintaining continuous 
dialogue, Sobi supports the rare disease community effectively. 
 
1 Earnings before interest, tax, amortisation and impairment of intangible assets adjusted for items affecting comparability. See “Alternative 
performance measures – financial measures not defined according to IFRS” beginning on p. 154 in Sobi’s Annual and sustainability report 
2023 for additional information. 
2 Sobi classifies pipeline count by new indication per new major territory, which includes the United States, Europe, China and Japan. Sobi 
also has pipeline in regions outside of those mentioned.

--- Page 50 ---
50(65) 
 
 
 
 
Aligned with its commitment to bringing medicines to underserved patient populations, Sobi is dedicated to 
enhancing and broadening its product portfolio, thereby revitalising its lifecycle and long-term revenue. The 
company strategically manages its portfolio through label and line extensions, as well as geographic expansions, 
supported by its in-house R&D, regulatory, and commercial capabilities. 
Sobi has a successful history of accessing innovative medicines via strategic partnerships and transactions. The 
company actively seeks opportunities to license and acquire innovative medicines, aiming to reinforce its late-
stage pipeline. This pipeline encompasses seven assets across 10 projects, ranging from phase 2 to registration, 
enhancing its footprint in haematology, immunology, and specialty care. For more information on Sobi’s products 
and pipeline, please see “Products” below. 
Under the leadership of CEO Guido Oelkers since 2017, Sobi has seen significant growth and diversification in 
its rare disease portfolio. The management team is committed to advancing the company’s strategic goals, 
leveraging acquisitions, and partnerships to enhance its market position. 
Strategy and objectives 
Sobi’s Vision is “to be recognised as a global leader in providing innovative medicines that transform the lives of 
people with rare and debilitating diseases”, and Sobi has identified five values that are aligned with its ambitions 
for growth: Care, Ambitions, Urgency, Ownership, and Partnership alongside its Mission of “working together to 
find and make available medicines that transform the lives of people with rare and debilitating diseases, all with 
the goal of ensuring that every eligible person is given the opportunity to benefit from our medicines”. Sobi has 
implemented four strategic business priorities, as well as two strategic sustainability priorities to deliver its goals, 
as further described below.  
Sobi’s strategic business priorities to deliver on its Vision and Mission 
1) Lead in Haematology 
Sobi’s ambition is to be a leader in haematology by increasing access to its extended half-life replacement 
medicines and bringing its medicines to more countries.  
2) Grow Immunology and Speciality Care 
Sobi recognises the potential for growth in Immunology and Specialty Care and aims to maximise value to patients 
and the Company through extending its existing medicines in new countries and/or to new indications.  
3) Go global 
Expanding access to treatment through geographic expansion is a key element of Sobi’s commitment to patients. 
The ambition is to reach more people in more countries with novel and transformative medicines in areas of high 
unmet medical need.  
4) Capture the value of the pipeline 
Sobi is focused on mid- to late-stage opportunities that help address unmet medical needs and have significant 
market potential in the niches they serve.

--- Page 51 ---
51(65) 
 
 
 
Sobi’s strategic sustainability priorities  
1) Maintain commitment to patients 
Sobi is committed to continue to improve access to medicines for people with rare diseases globally by deepening 
its engagement in the areas of haematology and immunology. It will also continue to apply a truly patient-centric 
development approach in collaboration with patient communities by investing in the development of new 
medicines and by expanding its geographical reach. 
2) Always act responsibly 
 
Sobi expects the highest ethical, environmental and social standards from its employees, collaborators and other 
stakeholders. Impacts and risks related to Sobi’s operations and value chain are assessed and monitored, and 
improvements to avoid or minimise impact are continuously implemented. Sobi’s team is key to delivering on its 
strategy, and Sobi continues to work to create an inclusive, sustainable and flexible workplace that fosters growth 
and supports the development of professionals from different backgrounds. 
Products 
This section details Sobi’s product portfolio, which encompasses both commercial (marketed) products and pre-
commercial (pipeline) assets, categorised by business segment, product, and indication. Additionally, the section 
provides a description of the markets where Sobi currently operates. 
Overview of key commercial products 
Sobi’s marketed portfolio encompasses ten medicines across Haematology and Immunology, as well as a portfolio 
of established Specialty Care products. The table below describes the key commercial medicines in each disease 
area. 
Disease area 
Medicine 
Indication(s) 
Haematology 
Elocta/Eloctate (efmoroctocog 
alfa)3 
Haemophilia A, a rare, genetic bleeding disorder caused by the lack of 
blood clotting factor VIII.
Alprolix (eftrenonacog alfa) 4 
Haemophilia B, a rare, genetic bleeding disorder caused by the lack of 
blood clotting factor IX.
Doptelet (avatrombopag) 
Immune thrombocytopenia (“ITP”) and chronic liver disease, disorders 
causing low platelets.
Aspaveli/Empaveli 
(pegcetacoplan)5 
Paroxysmal nocturnal haemoglobinuria (“PNH”), a rare blood disorder 
caused by the destruction of red blood cells.
Zynlonta (loncastuximab 
tesirine)6 
Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, (“DLBCL”) an aggressive, malignant 
disease.
Vonjo (pacritinib) 
Cytopenic myelofibrosis, a rare, heterogeneous, progressive bone marrow 
cancer.
Immunology 
Kineret (anakinra) 
Still’s disease, familial Mediterranean fever (“FMF”), cryopyrin-associated 
periodic syndrome (“CAPS”), neonatal-onset multisystem inflammatory 
disease (“NOMID”), rheumatoid arthritis, deficiency of interleukin-1 (“IL-
1”) receptor antagonist (“DIRA”) and COVID-19.7 
Gamifant (emapalumab) 
Haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (“HLH”), an ultra-rare, rapidly 
progressive, often-fatal syndrome caused by hyperinflammation. 
Synagis (palivizumab) 
Prevention of serious lower respiratory tract disease in infants caused by 
the respiratory syncytial virus (“RSV”) 
BeyfortusTM (nirsevimab) 
Prevention of serious lower respiratory tract disease in newborns and 
infants caused by RSV 
Specialty Care 
Orfadin (nitisinone) 
Hereditary tyrosinemia type 1 (HT-1), a rare genetic disorder caused 
by the lack of the enzyme fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase, and 
alkaptonuria, another rare genetic disorder. 
 
3 In collaboration with Sanofi. Sobi receives royalties based on sales in Sanofi territories. 
4 In collaboration with Sanofi. Sobi receives royalties based on sales in Sanofi territories. 
5 In collaboration with Apellis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
6 In collaboration with ADC Therapeutics SA. 
7 Approved indications vary by region.

--- Page 52 ---
52(65) 
 
 
 
Tegsedi (inotersen) 
Polyneuropathy from hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis, a rare genetic 
disorder caused by the abnormal build-up of the protein amyloid in 
organs and tissues. 
Waylivra (volanesorsen) 
Familial chylomicronaemia syndrome, a rare genetic disorder caused by 
very high levels of blood triglycerides. 
 
Development pipeline overview 
Sobi’s pipeline consists of seven assets across 10 projects from phase 2 through to registration, covering new 
potential assets as well as new indications and geographical expansions for some existing products.  
Sobi’s current development pipeline8 
 
 
 
 
8 Vonjo has been launched under accelerated approval with a confirmatory study ongoing.

--- Page 53 ---
53(65) 
 
 
 
Upcoming Milestones 
Sobi anticipates the following key pipeline milestones during 2024: 
Asset 
Indication 
Event 
Timing 
Doptelet 
ITP (Idiopathic 
thrombocytopenic purpura) 
Regulatory decision in China  
First half 2024 
Efanesoctocog alfa 
Haemophilia A 
Regulatory decision in EU 
First half 2024 
SEL-212 
Chronic Refractory Gout 
Regulatory submission in the 
US 
First half 2024 
Aspaveli/Empaveli 
C3G (C3 Glomerulopathy) 
and IC-MPGN (Immune 
complex–mediated 
membranoproliferative 
glomerulonephritis) 
VALIANT phase 3 study data 
readout 
Second half 2024 
Doptelet 
ITP (Idiopathic 
thrombocytopenic purpura) 
Regulatory submission in Japan 
 
Paediatric submission in US & 
EU 
Second half 2024 
 
Second half 2024 
Gamifant 
sHLH (Secondary 
hemophagocytic 
lymphohistiocytosis) / MAS 
(Macrophage activation 
syndrome) in 
rheumatological diseases 
Regulatory submission in the 
US (Still’s disease cohort) 
Second half 2024

--- Page 54 ---
54(65) 
 
 
 
Share information 
According to Sobi’s Articles of Association, the share capital shall be not less than SEK 110,000,000 and not more 
than SEK 440,000,000, divided into not less than 200,000,000 shares and not more than 800,000,000 shares. Sobi 
can issue shares in two series; common shares and shares of series C. Common shares may be issued in a number 
of 100 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company. Series C shares may be issued in a number of not 
more than 15,000,000 shares. Each common share entitles the holder to one (1) vote and each share of series C 
entitles the holder to one tenth (1/10) of a vote.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company’s registered share capital is SEK 194,438,689.42, represented 
by 354,358,946 common shares with a quota value of approximately SEK 0.55 each. No shares of series C are 
currently outstanding.  
Since 2006, the common shares in Sobi have been listed on the regulated market of Nasdaq Stockholm under the 
ticker SOBI.  
Ten largest shareholders as at 31 March 2024 
Shareholder 
Total number of shares
Shares, % 
Votes, %1)
Investor AB 
122,964,760
34.70 
36.18
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Llc, W9 
35,043,624
9.89 
10.31
Fjärde AP-fonden 
21,000,927
5.93 
6.18
State Street Bank And Trust Co, W9 
15,637,819
4.41 
4.60
Jp Morgan Chase Bank Na 
12,674,077
3.58 
3.73
AMF - Försäkring Och Fonder 
12,463,391
3.52 
3.67
Northern Trust Company, London Branch 
11,604,872
3.28 
3.41
Swedbank Robur Fonder 
10,159,953
2.87 
2.99
Handelsbanken Fonder 
7,688,931
2.17 
2.26
BNY Mellon Na (Former Mellon), W99 
5,430,841
1.53 
1.60
Total ten largest shareholders 
254,669,195
71.87 
74.93
Other shareholders 
85,198,920
24.04 
25.07
Treasury shares held by Sobi2) 
14,490,831
4,09 
–
Total 
354,358,946
100 
100
Source: Euroclear Sweden AB. 
1) Taking into account treasury shares held by Sobi. 
2) May not be represented at general meetings. 
Legal structure 
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) is the ultimate parent company of the Group, which as of 31 December 
2023 comprised a total of 31 legal entities and 9 branches in 23 jurisdictions.  
Sobi’s shareholding of the directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries as of 31 December 2023 is outlined in the 
table below.  
Name of subsidiary, registered office 
Registration number 
Shareholding and votes
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ), Stockholm, Sweden
556038-9321 
100%
Arexis AB, Stockholm, Sweden 
556573-5130 
100%
Sobi US Holding Corp., Delaware, USA 
7626060 
100%
Sobi, Inc., Delaware, USA
68–0682244 
100%
AkaRx, Inc., Delaware, USA 
20-1990243 
100%
CTI BioPharma Corp. Delaware, USA  
91-1533912 
100%
CTI Life Sciences Deutschland GmbH, Cologne, Germany
HRB 85982 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (SOBI) Canada, Inc., Oakville, Canada
949375–1 
100%
SOBI Middle East, Dubai, UAE 
91193 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum International AB, Stockholm, Sweden
556329-5624 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum Japan Co., Ltd., Tokyo, Japan
0100 01 210061 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum SARL, Paris, France
490259405 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum s.r.l., Milan, Italy 
5288990962 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum S.L., Madrid, Spain 
B84710623 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum Ltd, Cambridgeshire, Great Britain
4369760 
100%

--- Page 55 ---
55(65) 
 
 
 
Name of subsidiary, registered office 
Registration number 
Shareholding and votes
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum GmbH, Munich, Germany
HRB 226770 
100%
Florio GmbH, Munich, Germany 
HRB 249347 
100%
Sobi Pharma (Guangzhou) Company Limited. Guangzhou, China
91440101MA5D2D0A6G 
100%
Sobi (Shanghai) Company Limited, Shanghai, China
41000002202107120056 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (The Netherlands) B.V., Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands 
84642281 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum Pty Ltd, Sydney, Australia
645,396,532 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum Unipessoal Lda., Lisboa, Portugal
980 670 152 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AG, Basel, Switzerland
284.917.678 
100%
Oy Swedish Orphan Biovitrum Ab, Turku, Finland
1024811 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AS, Trollåsen, Norway
976313682 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum A/S, Copenhagen, Denmark
19179079 
100%
OOO Swedish Orphan Biovitrum, Moscow, Russia
5087746194520 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum s.r.o, Prague, Czech Republic
28171276 
1%1)
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum (Belgium) BV, Brussels, Belgium
0536.217.087 
100%
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum GmbH, Vienna, Austria
416986 
100%
Sobi Single Member I.K.E, Municipality of Maroussi, Attica, Greece
142300401000 
100%
1) Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) owns 1 per cent of the shares in Swedish Orphan Biovitrum s.r.o and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum 
International AB owns the remaining 99 per cent of the shares.  
Alternative performance measures (non-IFRS measures) 
Sobi uses certain financial measures (alternative performance measures) in this Base Prospectus that are not 
defined according to IFRS. Sobi considers these measures to provide valuable supplementary information for 
stakeholders and Sobi’s management, as they enable an assessment and benchmarking of Sobi’s reporting. Since 
not all companies calculate financial measures in the same way, these are not always comparable to measures used 
by other companies. These financial measures should not, therefore, be regarded as substitutes for measures 
defined according to IFRS. Alternative performance measures have not been audited and are comprised of 
components derived from Sobi’s financial statements and internal reporting system. For additional information, 
please refer to “Alternative performance measures – financial measures not defined according to IFRS” on  
p. 154–158 in Sobi’s Annual and sustainability report 2023 and on p. 24–28 in Sobi’s Interim Report for the period 
January–March 2024.

--- Page 56 ---
56(65) 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
General corporate and Group information 
The legal (and commercial) name of the Issuer is Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ), with Swedish corporate 
ID No. 556038-9321 and LEI code 549300124Y3MQI87PT35. The registered office of the Board of Directors is 
at SE-112 76 Stockholm, Sweden (telephone No. +46 (0)8 697 20 00). The Company was incorporated in Sweden 
on 20 October 1939, and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on 20 November 1939. The 
Company is a Swedish public limited liability company (Sw. publikt aktiebolag) governed by the Swedish 
Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The address to Sobi’s website is www.sobi.com. The 
information on the website is not a part of this Base Prospectus, unless the information is incorporated in the Base 
Prospectus by reference. 
Board of Directors 
According to Sobi’s Articles of Association, the Board of Directors shall be comprised of not less than three and 
not more than twelve members elected by the shareholders at the General Meeting. In addition and by law, 
employee organisations are entitled to appoint employee representatives. The Board of Directors currently 
comprises six9 members elected by the Annual General Meeting 2023 for a term of office extending until the close 
of the Annual General Meeting 2024, and two members and two deputy members appointed by employee 
organisations.  
Ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2024 (to be held on 14 May 2024), the Nomination Committee has proposed 
the re-election of Christophe Bourdon, Annette Clancy, Helena Saxon, Staffan Schüberg, Filippa Stenberg and 
Anders Ullman as board members and the election of Zlatko Rihter as new board member. Zlatko Rihter is born 
in 1970 and holds a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Lund University, Sweden. Zlatko Rihter 
is the CEO of Mölnlycke Health Care AB. The Nomination Committee has also proposed the election of Annette 
Clancy as Chair of the Board of Directors.  
Annette Clancy 
Born 1954. Chair since 2024 and board member since 2014.  
Principal education: Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Pharmacology, Bath University, United Kingdom.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: Operational Investor at Jeito Capital.  
Christophe Bourdon 
Born 1970. Board member since 2023.  
Principal education: Master of Business Administration, International Institute for Management Business School, 
Switzerland and Bachelor of Arts, ISG Business School, France.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: CEO of Leo Pharma A/S. 
Helena Saxon 
Born 1970. Board member since 2011.  
Principal education: Master of Science, Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: CFO at Investor AB. Board member of Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
(SEB) and Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden.  
Staffan Schüberg 
Born 1969. Board member since 2020.  
Principal education: Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in Business Administration, London Guildhall University, United 
Kingdom.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: CEO of the ESTEVE Group. Board member of Dizlin Pharmaceuticals AB, 
Hangzhou Jiuyuan Gene Engineering Co. Ltd and Corporacíon Químico Farmacéutical Esteve S.A. 
 
9 A seventh board member has been proposed for election, please refer to the section below for further information about the proposed board 
member.

--- Page 57 ---
57(65) 
 
 
 
Filippa Stenberg 
Born 1985. Board member since 2021.  
Principal education: Master of Science in Economics, Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: Managing Director at Investor AB.  
Anders Ullman 
Born 1956. Board member since 2023.  
Principal education: MD and PhD in Clinical Pharmacology, Gothenburg University, Sweden.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: Board member of Verona Pharma plc. 
Mats Lek 
Born 1983. Board member since 2023. Employee representative.  
Principal education: Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering Royal Institute of Technology (KTH), 
Stockholm, Sweden. 
Principal activities outside of Sobi: – 
Katy Mazibuko 
Born 1973. Board member since 2023 (deputy Board member 2019–2023). Employee representative.  
Principal education: Master of Science, Royal Institute of Technology (KTH), Stockholm, Sweden.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: – 
Deputy employee representatives 
Sara Carlsson 
Born 1982. Deputy board member since 2023. Employee representative.  
Principal education: Master of Medical Science, Uppsala University, Sweden.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: –  
Åsa Kjellström 
Born 1962. Deputy board member since 2023. Employee representative.  
Principal education: PhD in Pharmacology, Uppsala University, Sweden.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: –  
 
Executive Committee 
Guido Oelkers 
Born 1965. Chief Executive Officer. Member of the Executive Committee and employed within Sobi since 2017.  
Principal education: PhD in Strategic Management, University of South Australia, Adelaide, Australia, Master 
of Economics, South Bank University, London, United Kingdom and Complementary studies in Economics, 
London School of Economics and Political Science, London, United Kingdom.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: Member of the Advisory Committee of Zentiva Group. Industrial advisor at 
EQT. 
Henrik Stenqvist 
Born 1967. Chief Financial Officer. Member of the Executive Committee and employed within Sobi since 2018.  
Principal education: Master of Science in Business Administration and Economics, University of Linköping, 
Sweden.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: Board member of Midsona AB, Calliditas Therapeutics AB and Orion 
Corporation.

--- Page 58 ---
58(65) 
 
 
 
Lydia Abad-Franch 
Born 1971. Chief Medical Officer and Head of Research & Development. Member of the Executive Committee 
since 2023 and employed within Sobi since 2020. 
Principal education: Graduate in medicine and surgery (M.D), School of Medicine, University of Valencia, 
Spain. Family physician board certification. Residence at University Hospital Dr. Peset, Valencia, Spain. PhD 
courses and recognition of research aptitude test, Anatomy Department, School of Medicine, University of 
Valencia, Spain. Master of Business and Administration, University Carlos III of Madrid, Spain.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: – 
Duane H. Barnes 
Born 1960. Head of North America. Member of the Executive Committee and employed within Sobi since 2021.  
Principal education: Master of Business Administration, Master of Science, Indiana University, Kelley School 
of Business, Indiana, United States, Bachelor of Arts, West Virginia University, Eberly College of Arts and 
Sciences, West Virginia, United States.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: – 
Lena Bjurner 
Born 1968. Head of Human Resources & Internal Communication. Member of the Executive Committee and 
employed within Sobi since 2023. 
Principal education: Bachelor of Social Science, Major in Business Administration, Dalarna University, Sweden.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: – 
Sofiane Fahmy 
Born 1972. Head of Europe. Member of the Executive Committee since 2020 and employed within Sobi since 2013.  
Principal education: Marketing degree, University of Paris XI, France, and Pharmacy degree, University of 
Poitiers, France.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: – 
Torbjörn Hallberg 
Born 1969. General Counsel and Head of Legal Affairs. Member of the Executive Committee and employed within 
Sobi since 2018.  
Principal education: Master of Law, University of Lund, Sweden.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: – 
Mahmood Ladha 
Born 1964. Head of Strategic Transformation Operations. Member of the Executive Committee and employed 
within Sobi since 2019.  
Principal education: Master of Business Administration and Bachelor of Science, University of South Carolina, 
South Carolina, United States.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: – 
Norbert Oppitz 
Born 1967. Head of International. Member of the Executive Committee and employed within Sobi since 2017.  
Principal education: Dipl. BW (FH)/Business Administrator, FH Rhenania Palatina, Mainz, Germany.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: –

--- Page 59 ---
59(65) 
 
 
 
Daniel Rankin 
Born 1980. Head of Strategy and Corporate Development. Member of the Executive Committee since 2021 and 
employed within Sobi since 2017. 
Principal education: PhD in Biology, University of Helsinki, Finland, Master of Science in Biology, Leiden 
University, The Netherlands, and Bachelor of Science, University of York, United Kingdom.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: – 
Armin Reininger 
Born 1957. Senior Scientific and Medical Advisor. Member of the Executive Committee and employed within Sobi 
since 2017.  
Principal education: MD, PhD, Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, Germany. Certified specialist in 
Transfusion Medicine. Professor of Anatomy at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, Germany. Visiting 
Scientist/Visiting Lecturer at Harvard Medical School & Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts, 
United States, and Visiting Fellow at The Scripps Research Institute, La Jolla, California, United States.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: – 
Christine Wesström 
Born 1975. Head of Technical Operations. Member of the Executive Committee since 2022 and employed within 
Sobi since 2010.  
Principal education: Master of Science in Chemical Engineering, Major in Biotechnology, Mälardalens 
University, Eskilstuna, Sweden.  
Principal activities outside of Sobi: Vice chairman of the Board in SwedenBIO. 
Additional information concerning the Board of Directors and the 
Executive Committee 
Business address 
The address for all members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee is c/o Swedish Orphan 
Biovitrum AB, SE-112 76 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
No member of the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee has any private interests or other duties which 
might conflict with their duties carried out on behalf of Sobi.  
Auditor 
Ernst & Young AB (Hamngatan 26, SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden) is Sobi’s auditor since 2014, with Jonatan 
Hansson as auditor-in-charge. Jonatan Hansson is an authorised public accountant and member of FAR (the 
professional institute for authorised public accountants in Sweden).

--- Page 60 ---
60(65) 
 
 
 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION  
Information about the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). The SFSA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The SFSA’s approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
Authorisation and responsibility 
Sobi has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorisations and approvals required in conjunction with the MTN 
and the performance of its obligations relating thereto. This Base Prospectus was approved by the SFSA on 
26 April 2024. 
Sobi accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best of 
its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The Board of Directors of Sobi is, to the extent provided 
by law, responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best of its 
knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Sobi has not been a party to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which Sobi is aware) during the previous twelve months, which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Group’s financial position or profitability.  
Certain material interests 
The Arranger has engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial banking or 
other services for Sobi in the ordinary course of business. In particular, it should be noted that the Arranger may 
be the lender under certain credit facilities with a member of the Group as borrower. Therefore, conflicts of interest 
may exist or may arise as a result of the Arranger had previously engaged, or will in the future engage, in 
transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties with 
conflicting interests. 
The Arranger or its affiliates may be or become shareholders in Sobi.  
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Sobi since 2 April 2024, being the date of the 
publication of the last audited financial information of the Group. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 March 2024, being the 
end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published to the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Significant changes since 31 March 2024 
There have been no significant changes in the financial position of the Group since 31 March 2024, being the end 
of the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published.  
Material agreements 
Sobi is not a party to any material agreements that are not entered into in the ordinary course of business, which 
could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to Sobi’s ability to meet 
its obligations under the MTN.

--- Page 61 ---
61(65) 
 
 
 
Incorporation by reference, etc. 
Sobi’s audited consolidated financial statements, auditor’s report, and information on alternative performance 
measures for the financial years 2022 and 2023 as well as Sobi’s unaudited consolidated financial statements and 
information on alternative performance measures for the first three months of 2024, are incorporated into this Base 
Prospectus by reference and consequently form part of this Base Prospectus and are to be read as part hereof. The 
said financial statements are included in Sobi’s Annual and sustainability report for the financial year 2022, Sobi’s 
Annual and sustainability report for the financial year 2023 and Sobi’s Interim report for January–March 2024. 
Reference to the incorporated documents is made as follows: 
• 
Sobi’s Annual and sustainability report 2022:10 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (p. 43), 
Consolidated balance sheet (p. 44), Consolidated statement of changes in equity (p. 45), Consolidated 
cash flow statement (p. 46), Notes (p. 52–96), Auditor’s report (p. 98–102) and Alternative performance 
measures – financial measures not defined according to IFRS (p. 162–166).  
• 
Sobi’s Annual and sustainability report 2023:11 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (p. 45), 
Consolidated balance sheet (p. 46), Consolidated statement of changes in equity (p. 47), Consolidated 
cash flow statement (p. 48–49), Notes (p. 55–95), Auditor’s report (p. 97–100) and Alternative 
performance measures – financial measures not defined according to IFRS (p. 154–158). 
• 
Sobi’s Interim report for January–March 2024:12 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
(p. 12), Consolidated balance sheet (p. 13), Consolidated statement of changes in equity (p. 14), 
Consolidated cash flow statement (p. 15), Notes (p. 20–23), and Alternative performance measures – 
financial measures not defined according to IFRS (p. 24–28). 
Information in the above documents which is not incorporated by reference is either deemed by Sobi not to be 
relevant for investors in MTN or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Sobi’s financial statements for 2023 and 2022 have been prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual 
Accounts Act (Sw. årsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)), the Swedish Financial Reporting Board’s standard RFR 1 
Supplementary Rules for Groups, and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations from 
IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRS IC) as adopted by EU.  
The Group’s financial statements for the financial years 2022 and 2023 have been audited by the Company’s 
auditor Ernst & Young AB. Save for the said annual financial statements as incorporated by reference herein, no 
information in this Base Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by Sobi’s auditor. 
Documents on display 
Sobi’s Articles of Association and Certificate of Incorporation are available in electronic form on the Company’s 
website (www.sobi.com) for the term of the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
 
10 www.sobi.com/sites/default/files/pr/202303312874-1.pdf 
11 www.sobi.com/sites/default/files/pr/202403273912-1.pdf 
12 www.sobi.com/sites/default/files/pr/202404247489-1.pdf

--- Page 62 ---
62(65) 
 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
Alprolix (eftrenonacog 
alfa) 
A recombinant, extended half-life (EHL) clotting factor IX medicine for the 
treatment of haemophilia B.
Aspaveli/Empaveli 
(pegcetacoplan) 
A medicine targeting complement component 3 (C3) designed to regulate 
excessive complement activation, which can lead to the onset and 
progression of many serious rare diseases.
Beyfortus (nirsevimab) 
A single-dose, long-acting antibody, developed and commercialised in 
partnership by AstraZeneca and Sanofi. It is designed to protect infants 
entering or during their first RSV season and for children up to 24 months 
of age who remain vulnerable to severe RSV disease through their second 
RSV season.
Chronic liver disease, 
CLD 
A liver disease becomes chronic when it has been present for more than 6-
12 months without signs of resolution. Chronic liver disease can be 
inherited (genetic) or caused by a variety of factors such as viruses, auto-
immunity, obesity and alcohol use.
Diffuse large B-cell 
lymphoma, DLBCL 
A form of non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma and the most common blood cancer. 
Lymphomas occur when cells of the immune system, known as B 
lymphocytes, grow and multiply uncontrollably. DLBCL occurs mostly in 
adults and is a fast-growing (aggressive) lymphoma.
Doptelet (avatrombopag) 
A second-generation, small-molecule, thrombopoietin-receptor agonist used 
in the treatment of thrombocytopenia by increasing platelet count. 
Efanesoctocog alfa 
A new factor VIII medicine designed to extend protection from bleeds with 
once-weekly prophylactic dosing for the treatment of haemophilia A. It 
adds a region of von Willebrand factor and XTEN® polypeptides to extend 
its time in circulation and is the first new factor VIII medicine to break 
through the von Willebrand factor ceiling.
Elocta (efmoroctocog 
alfa) 
A recombinant, EHL clotting factor VIII medicine for the treatment of 
haemophilia A. It is also known as Eloctate in some countries. 
Gamifant (emapalumab) 
A monoclonal antibody medicine that binds to and neutralises interferon 
gamma for the treatment of ultra-rare syndromes of hyperinflammation.
Gout 
A disorder of purine metabolism, occurring especially in men, characterised 
by a raised but variable blood uric acid level and severe recurrent acute 
arthritis of sudden onset resulting from deposition of crystals of sodium 
urate in connective tissues and articular cartilage.
Haemophilia 
A genetic bleeding disorder caused by insufficient levels of blood proteins, 
including factor VIII (haemophilia A) and factor IX (haemophilia B). 
Clotting factors are essential for proper clotting, the process by which blood 
clumps together to plug the site of a wound to stop bleeding. Haemophilia 
A occurs in about one in 5,000 male births annually, and haemophilia B 
occurs in about one in 25,000 male births annually.
Immune-complex 
membranoproliferative 
glomerulonephritis, IC 
MPGN and C3 
glomerulopathy, C3G 
Are complement-mediated renal diseases. Although IC-MPGN is 
considered a distinct disease from C3G, the underlying cause and 
progression of the two diseases are remarkably similar and include 
overactivation of the complement cascade, with excessive accumulation of 
C3 breakdown products in the kidney causing inflammation and damage to 
the organ. Kineret (anakinra) A recombinant protein medicine that blocks 
interleukin-1α and β by binding to interleukin-1 type 1 receptors. 
Interleukin-1 is a key mediator of inflammation and a significant 
contributor to autoinflammatory diseases, including several rare diseases.

--- Page 63 ---
63(65) 
 
 
 
Kineret (anakinra) 
A recombinant protein medicine that blocks interleukin-1α and β by 
binding to interleukin-1 type 1 receptors. Interleukin-1 is a key mediator of 
inflammation and a significant contributor to autoinflammatory diseases, 
including several rare diseases.
Orfadin (nitisinone) 
A medicine used to treat hereditary tyrosinaemia type 1. It blocks the 
breakdown of tyrosine, thereby reducing the amount of toxic tyrosine by-
products in the body. Patients must maintain a special diet in combination 
with Orfadin treatment as tyrosine is not adequately broken down. Orfadin 
can also be used for alkaptonuria.
Paroxysmal nocturnal 
haemoglobinuria, PNH 
A rare disorder in which red blood cells break apart prematurely. It is an 
acquired hematopoietic stem cell disorder. Some hematopoietic stem cells 
in individuals with PNH are defective and consequently produce defective 
blood cells. These defective red blood cells of PNH are extremely 
susceptible to premature destruction by a particular part of a person’s own 
immune system called the complement system.
Primary 
haemophagocytic 
lymphohistiocytosis, 
pHLH 
A rare, life-threatening condition caused by an overactive, abnormal 
response of the immune system. In haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis, 
the immune system responds to a stimulus or ‘trigger’, often an infection, 
but the response is ineffective and abnormal. Some affected individuals 
may have a genetic predisposition to developing haemophagocytic 
lymphohistiocytosis. This is known as the primary or familial form. 
Respiratory syncytial 
virus, RSV 
A common virus and the most common cause of lower respiratory tract 
infections in young children. The RSV season usually occurs from early 
autumn until late spring and peaks during the winter.
SEL-212 
A novel combination therapy and potential new medicine designed to 
sustain control of serum uric acid levels in people with chronic refractory 
gout. SEL-212 consists of pegadricase, co-administered with ImmTOR, 
designed to mitigate the formation of anti-drug antibodies. 
Synagis (palivizumab) 
An RSV F protein inhibitor monoclonal antibody immunisation indicated 
for the prevention of serious lower respiratory tract infection caused by 
RSV in infants and young children at high risk of RSV disease. 
Tegsedi (inotersen) 
A medicine for the treatment of polyneuropathy of hereditary transthyretin 
amyloidosis in adults.
Vonjo (pacritinib) 
A medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with intermediate or 
high-risk primary or secondary (post-polycythemia vera or post-essential 
thrombocythemia) myelofibrosis with a platelet count < 50 x 109/L. 
Waylivra (volanesorsen) 
A medicine for the treatment of genetically confirmed familial 
chylomicronaemia syndrome.
Zynlonta (loncastuximab 
tesirine) 
A CD19-directed antibody drug conjugate medicine. Once bound to a 
CD19-expressing cell, Zynlonta is internalised by the cell, where enzymes 
release a pyrrolobenzodiazepine payload which ultimately results in cell 
cycle arrest and tumour cell death in DLBCL.

--- Page 64 ---
64(65) 
 
 
 
ADDRESSES  
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) 
Head office 
Visiting address 
Tomtebodavägen 23A 
SE-171 65 Solna, Sweden 
Postal address 
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB 
SE-112 76 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone number: +46(0)8 697 20 00 
www.sobi.com 
The Arranger 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 506 232 09 
www.seb.se  
The Dealers 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ) 
SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 506 232 09 
www.seb.se  
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 106 70 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone +46 (0) 8 463 46 50 
www.handelsbanken.se 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Smålandsgatan 17 
105 71 Stockholm 
Telephone +46 (0)8 407 90 85 
+46 (0)8 407 91 11 
+46 (0)8 407 92 03 
www.nordeamarkets.com/sv  
Danske Bank A/S Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Norrmalmstorg 1 
SE-103 92 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 568 805 77 
www.danskebank.se 
 
Legal advisor 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
Norrlandsgatan 21 
P.O. Box 1711 
SE-111 87 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.mannheimerswartling.com 
Auditor 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26 
P.O Box 7850 
SE-103 99 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.ey.com  
Central Securities Depositary 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Visiting address 
Klarabergsviadukten 63 
SE-111 64 Stockholm, Sweden 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 191 SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone +46 (0)8 402 90 00 
www.euroclear.com/sweden

--- Page 65 ---
65(65) 
 
 
 
 
 
  
SE-112 76 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.sobi.com