--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
U.S.$15,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the U.S.$15,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”), Swedbank AB (publ) (“Swedbank” or the “Issuer”), subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, may from 
time to time issue notes (“Notes”) in registered or bearer form (respectively, “Registered Notes” and “Bearer Notes”). The aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time will not exceed U.S.$15,000,000,000 or the equivalent in other currencies. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any 
additional dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the 
case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such 
Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the 
Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin”) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”)  for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public 
in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes 
being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) 
or any applicable U.S. state securities laws, and are being offered and sold outside of the United States to persons other than U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) and in the United States only to Qualified Institutional 
Buyers or “QIBs” (in reliance on, and as defined by, Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”)) and, in each case, in compliance 
with applicable securities laws. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption 
from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
The Notes will be subject to Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (as defined below), as described in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes—Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers”. 
Each purchaser of a Note will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase thereof, to have made certain acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Note, as described in this Base Prospectus, 
and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in 
certain cases (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”). 
THERE ARE CERTAIN RISKS RELATED TO ANY ISSUE OF NOTES UNDER THE PROGRAMME, WHICH INVESTORS SHOULD 
ENSURE THEY FULLY UNDERSTAND (SEE “RISK FACTORS” ON PAGES 10 – 53 OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS). 
The Issuer has been assigned ratings of A-1 (short term) and A+ (long term) (outlooks stable) from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“Standard & Poor’s”); P-1 (short term) and Aa3 (long term) (outlooks stable) from Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB (“Moody’s”); 
and F1 (short term) and A+ (long term) (rating watch stable) from Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). Senior Preferred Notes to be 
issued under the Programme are expected to be rated A+ (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of more than one year) and A-1 
(Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of less than one year) by Standard & Poor’s; Aa3 (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of 
more than one year) and P-1 (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of less than one year) by Moody’s; and AA- (Senior Preferred 
Notes with a maturity of more than one year) and F1+ (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of less than one year) by Fitch. Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated A- by Standard & Poor’s; Baa1 by Moody’s; and A+ 
by Fitch. Each of Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch is established in the European Union (“EU”) and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche (as defined below) of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 2 ---
II 
 
 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank Securities 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
RBC Capital Markets 
Wells Fargo Securities 
March 5, 2021

--- Page 3 ---
III 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus is true and accurate in all material 
respects and not misleading; that there are no other facts in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference herein the omission of which would, in the context of the Programme and the 
issue of the Notes, make any statement herein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable 
enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. The Issuer has further confirmed to the Dealers that this 
Base Prospectus (together with, in relation to any Tranche, the applicable Final Terms) contains the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, and prospects of the Issuer, of the rights attaching to the 
relevant Notes and the reasons for any issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
In relation to any Tranche, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such Tranche, the interest (if any) 
payable in respect of the Notes of such Tranche, the issue price and certain other information which is 
relevant to such Tranche will be set out in a final terms document (“Final Terms”).  
The Final Terms in respect of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin will be filed with the Central Bank on or before the date of issue of the Notes of 
such Tranche. Copies of the Final Terms in respect of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
www.ise.ie.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any amendment or supplement hereto, all information 
which is deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”) and, 
in relation to any Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such information is incorporated in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein (see 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank. 
The Issuer has not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information regarding the 
Issuer or the Notes other than as contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in the 
Dealer Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”), in any 
other document prepared in connection with the Programme or any Final Terms or as approved for such 
purpose by the Issuer. Any such representation or information should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”). 
None of this Base Prospectus, any financial statements and any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme and any Notes (i) is intended to provide the sole basis of any credit or other evaluation 
of the Issuer, (ii) constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes or (iii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Trustee or any of them that any recipient of

--- Page 4 ---
IV 
 
 
this Base Prospectus, any financial statements or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus, any financial statements or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates or the 
Trustee, and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates nor the Trustee make any 
representation or warranty or accept any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any part hereof or any Final 
Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall in any circumstances create any implication that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date of this Base 
Prospectus or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final 
Terms may be used by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such use is not authorised. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, and may be offered and sold 
outside of the United States to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and in the United 
States only to QIBs. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that the sellers of the Notes may be relying 
on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which the potential 
investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 5 ---
V 
 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Further, prospective investors should ensure that they have sufficient knowledge and awareness of the 
economic situation and outlook, including in the Eurozone and globally, as they consider necessary to 
enable them to make their own evaluation of the risks and merits of an investment in the Notes. In particular, 
prospective investors should take into account the considerable uncertainty as to how the Eurozone and the 
wider economic situation will develop over time. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes sold to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S 
under the Securities Act will be represented by beneficial interests in an unrestricted global Note in 
registered form, without interest coupons (an “Unrestricted Registered Global Note”), which will be deposited 
either (i) with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company 
(“DTC”) for the accounts of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) for the accounts of their respective participants or (ii) with a common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Prior to 
expiry of the period that ends 40 days after the later of the date of issue of a Tranche and the completion of 
the distribution of a Tranche of Notes, as certified by the relevant Dealer, in the case of a non-syndicated 
issue, or the lead manager, in the case of a syndicated issue (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), 
beneficial interests in the Unrestricted Registered Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person except in accordance with Rule 144A, Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S 
or pursuant to another applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each 
Tranche of Registered Notes sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act will be represented by beneficial interests in a 
restricted global Note in registered form, without interest coupons (a “Restricted Registered Global Note” 
and, together with an Unrestricted Registered Global Note, the “Registered Global Notes”), which will be 
deposited either (i) with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC or (ii) with a 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Registered Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Registered Notes”) will, at the request 
of the Holder (as defined under “Overview of the Programme”) (save to the extent otherwise indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), be issued in exchange for interests in the Registered Global Notes upon the terms 
set out in the relevant Registered Global Note. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global Note in bearer form (a 
“Temporary Global Note”) which will (i) if the Temporary Global Note is intended to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and (ii) if the 
Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or after 
the date which is 40 days after the later of the date of issue of a Tranche and the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes of the relevant Tranche and provided certification as to beneficial ownership thereof 
as required by United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) has been received, interests in the Temporary Global Note will be

--- Page 6 ---
VI 
 
 
exchangeable for either interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form (a “Permanent Global Note”) or, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Bearer Notes”). 
Interests in the Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes in whole, but not in 
part, in the circumstances set out in the relevant Permanent Global Note. Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered, resold or delivered within the 
United States to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. See “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions” below. 
The Notes have not been recommended by, or approved or disapproved by, the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any other federal or state securities commission in the United 
States nor has the SEC or any other federal or state securities commission confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in 
the United States. The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be 
transferred or resold except as permitted under applicable United States federal or state securities laws 
pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption from registration. Investors should be aware that they 
may be required to bear the financial risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that 
the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the 
Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of 
the administrator. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend titled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the relevant Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (the “Arranger”) nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the relevant Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking

--- Page 7 ---
VII 
 
 
its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 8 of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations.  Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory.  The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or 
territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.

--- Page 8 ---
VIII 
 
 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (“NI 33-105”), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of 
interest in connection with any offering of the Notes.

--- Page 9 ---
IX 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may include forward-looking statements. Examples of such forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to: (i) projections or expectations of net interest income, total income, 
profit, earnings per share, capital expenditure, dividends, capital structure or other financial items or ratios; 
(ii) statements of any plans, objectives or goals or those of management for future operations, including 
those related to products or services; (iii) statements of future economic performance, including, in particular, 
any such statements included under the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations”; and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying such 
statements, including assumptions relating to general economic conditions in Sweden, Europe and 
worldwide. Words such as “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “aims” and “plans” and similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of 
identifying such statements. 
Any forward-looking statements herein have been based on current expectations and projections about 
uncertain future events. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
about the Group and the Issuer. Although it is believed that the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates 
and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors should bear in mind 
that a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the plans, objectives, 
expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements, including assumptions 
relating to general economic conditions in Sweden, Europe and worldwide. These factors include those set 
out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” and risks which the Issuer currently is not 
aware of, as well as more generally (without limitation): 
 
changes in global economic and market conditions causing substantial credit impairments; 
 
liquidity risks and access to capital markets; 
 
the Group’s ability to recover value of collateral; 
 
changes to or fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies; 
 
the Group's ability to maintain targeted capital ratios; 
 
IT disruptions or cybersecurity attacks;  
 
economic volatility in the Baltic countries; 
 
the effects of changes in taxation or accounting standards or practices;  
 
concentration risk related to the Group’s retail mortgage portfolio which comprises the cover pool for 
the covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage; 
 
risks relating to litigation arising from the Group’s business conduct; 
 
the Group’s ability to recruit and retain highly skilled individuals; 
 
risks relating to high levels of Swedish household debt and a potential decrease in housing prices; 
 
changes in interest rates or changes in the competitive environment affecting spreads on the 
Group's lending and deposits; 
 
systemic risk and the risk of defaults by entities who owe the Group money;

--- Page 10 ---
X 
 
 
 
market fluctuations and volatility; 
 
increased competition; 
 
anti money laundering and sanctions compliance risks; 
 
uncertainties about the strength of the Eurozone and other geopolitical risks; 
 
volatility in financial, commodities and other markets as a result of the global coronavirus pandemic; 
 
worsening economic conditions in the Group’s home markets; 
 
fluctuations in the global financial markets; 
 
adverse regulatory, taxation and governmental developments; and 
 
the success at managing the risks of the foregoing.  
It should be noted that the foregoing list of important factors is not exhaustive. The foregoing factors and 
other uncertainties and events should also be considered when making an investment decision based on 
any forward-looking statement. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking 
events discussed in this Base Prospectus may not occur.

--- Page 11 ---
XI 
 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
The Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any Registered Notes remain outstanding and are “restricted 
securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, it will, during any period in which it 
is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the “Exchange Act”) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under such Act, make available 
to any Holder of such Registered Notes in connection with any sale thereof and any prospective purchaser of 
such Registered Notes from such Holder, in each case upon request, the information specified in, and 
meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
ENFORCEABILITY OF JUDGMENTS 
The Issuer is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden. Substantially all of the 
Issuer’s directors and executive officers and the experts named herein are residents of Sweden. All, or a 
substantial portion of, the assets of the Issuer and of such individuals are located outside the United States. 
It may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon the Issuer or 
such persons with respect to matters arising under the U.S. securities laws or to enforce against them 
judgments obtained in U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of such laws. The United 
States and Sweden do not have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments 
rendered in connection with civil and commercial disputes. Furthermore, (i) there is doubt whether an original 
action could be brought in Sweden against the Issuer predicated solely upon the provisions of the U.S. 
securities laws and (ii) actions for enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts against the Issuer are not 
enforceable in Sweden, either by treaty or in practice, but are accepted on an evidential basis in a Swedish 
legal action. 
Furthermore, following the end of the transition period for the withdrawal of the UK from the EU on 
December 31, 2020, a judgment rendered against the Issuer in the courts of England would not be directly 
enforceable in Sweden. Instead, enforcement would be subject to certain procedural requirements, and in 
certain cases proceedings ab initio may have to be commenced in Swedish courts. As a result, there is 
currently lack of clarity on enforcement of English law judgements against the Issuer in Sweden.  
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF 
ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A 
LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY 
NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE 
ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO 
LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 12 ---
XII 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
1. 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................. 1 
2. 
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
3. 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................... 54 
4. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................... 60 
5. 
Use and Estimated Net Amounts of Proceeds ................................................................................. 117 
6. 
Swedbank ......................................................................................................................................... 119 
7. 
Selected Financial Information ......................................................................................................... 137 
8. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ........... 141 
9. 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness ...................................................................................................... 176 
10. 
Selected Statistical and Other Information ....................................................................................... 177 
11. 
Risk Management ............................................................................................................................. 188 
12. 
Management ..................................................................................................................................... 208 
13. 
Regulatory Considerations ............................................................................................................... 218 
14. 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................ 228 
15. 
ERISA Considerations ...................................................................................................................... 240 
16. 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions .......................................................... 243 
17. 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................... 253 
18. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 266 
19. 
General Information .......................................................................................................................... 268

--- Page 13 ---
1 
 
 
1. 
Overview of the Programme 
This overview should be understood as an introduction to this Base Prospectus, and highlights information 
presented in greater detail elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. This overview is not complete and does not 
contain all the information an investor should consider before investing in the Notes. Any investor should 
carefully read the entire Base Prospectus before investing, including “Risk Factors”, “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, the audited consolidated 
financial statements of Swedbank incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Each decision to invest 
in the Notes should be based on an assessment of the entire Base Prospectus. 
This Overview of the Programme constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of 
Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
1.1 
Overview of the Key Features of the Programme 
 
Issuer: 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Issuer 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
M312WZV08Y7LYUC71685 
Website of the Issuer: 
www.swedbank.com 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.  
Dealers: 
Barclays Capital Inc. 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 
 
BofA Securities, Inc. 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
 
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
 
RBC Capital Markets, LLC 
 
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

--- Page 14 ---
2 
 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Transfer Agents: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Exchange Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Amount: 
U.S.$15,000,000,000 (or its approximate equivalent in other currencies), 
subject to any duly authorised increase. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in registered form or in bearer form. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes offered and sold within the United 
States or to U.S. persons in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act will be represented by beneficial interests in a Restricted Registered 
Global Note, which will be deposited either (i) with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC or (ii) with a common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a nominee of a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the 
name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Each Tranche of Registered Notes sold outside 
the United States to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act will be represented by beneficial 
interests in an Unrestricted Registered Global Note, without interest 
coupons, which will be deposited either (i) with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective 
participants or (ii) with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as 
the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the 
common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In respect of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the Issuer will deliver a 
Temporary Global Note, which will (i) if the Temporary Global Note is 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on, or prior to, the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form, 
be delivered on, or prior to, the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The

--- Page 15 ---
3 
 
 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, either for interests in a Permanent Global Note or 
Definitive Bearer Notes, in each case upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership.  
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes may be issued on a senior preferred basis ("Senior Preferred 
Notes") or on a senior non-preferred basis ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes"), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders thereof shall, in the 
event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, rank as described in Condition 
3(a) in relation to the claims of other creditors. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders thereof shall, in the 
event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy 
(Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, rank as described in Condition 3(b)(ii) in 
relation to the claims of other creditors. 
Offering and Sale: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements, the Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or combination of currencies 
(including, without limitation, United States dollars, Euro, Japanese Yen 
and Pounds Sterling) subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series may comprise 
one or more Tranches. The Notes of each Series will all be subject to 
identical terms, whether as to currency, interest or maturity or otherwise, 
save that Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and Issue Prices 
may be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects (save that a 
Tranche may comprise Notes in more than one denomination). Further 
Tranches of Notes may be issued as part of an existing Series. 
Issue Price: 
The Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and may be issued at any 
price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Notes may have any maturity of not less than one month, subject, in 
relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. No provision is made 
for the issue of perpetual Notes. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue 
proceeds are received by the Issuer in the UK or (b) the activity of issuing

--- Page 16 ---
4 
 
 
the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in 
the UK, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum denomination of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
The Notes will be redeemable at par. 
Early Redemption: 
Early redemption will be permitted: 
(i) 
upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event and, where "Tax 
Event Call" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event as described in 
Condition 5(b); and 
(ii) 
where "Redemption upon occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event and amounts payable on redemption thereof" is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event as described in Condition 5(h),  
but will otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject to compliance with all applicable laws 
and regulations. 
Any such early redemption will be subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required). See Condition 5(i). 
Substitution or 
Variation: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 5(j) applies, if at 
any time (i) a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing; (ii) a 
Withholding Tax Event occurs and is continuing; (iii) where “Tax Event 
Call” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Tax Event 
occurs and is continuing; or (iv) in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18(f), the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5(i), 
substitute the Notes for, or vary their terms so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Preferred Qualifying Securities or in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, as 
further provided in Condition 5(j). 
Taxation: 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by, or on behalf of, the Kingdom of Sweden or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will 
(subject to the exceptions set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—
Taxation”) pay in respect of payments of interest only such additional 
amounts as will result in the holders of Notes or Coupons (“Holders”)

--- Page 17 ---
5 
 
 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such 
Notes or Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Negative Pledge: 
None 
Cross-Default: 
None 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Floating Rate Note 
or a Reset Note, in the event that the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark 
Amendments as described in Condition 4(e). 
See Condition 4(e) for further details. 
 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. Dollars and the Reference Rate is 
specified as LIBOR in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) “Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC LIBOR” is also specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Note, and the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect 
of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Issuer will 
determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the benchmark 
transition provisions described in Condition 4(f). 
See Condition 4(f) for further details. 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. Dollars and the Reference Rate is 
specified as SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) 
“Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR” is also specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Note, and the 
Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Issuer 
will determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the 
benchmark transition provisions described in Condition 4(g). 
See Condition 4(g) for further details. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank (or equivalent body) 
requirements, provided however, that (i) the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency

--- Page 18 ---
6 
 
 
other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes) and (ii) Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act shall be issued in minimum denominations of 
U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof. 
Terms and Conditions: 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be as 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at, or prior to the time 
of issuance of such Tranche, and will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes, a copy 
of which, in the case of Notes intended to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin, will be 
delivered to the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin on or before the date of 
issue. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement (as defined under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), all matters arising from or 
connected with them and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law, except that the provisions in the Notes 
under Condition 3 and Clause 3 of the Trust Deed are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
Swedish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers: 
The Notes will be subject to Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers, 
as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Governing Law, 
Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers”. 
Listing and Admission 
to Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges, markets or quotation systems agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
Clearing Systems: 
DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act or any applicable U.S. state securities laws, and are being offered and 
sold in the United States only to QIBs and outside of the United States to 
persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and, in each 
case, in compliance with applicable securities laws. Prospective 
purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on 
the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A. 
 
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with United States Treasury

--- Page 19 ---
7 
 
 
Regulations 
Section 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(or 
any 
successor 
rules 
substantially in the same form that are applicable for the purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) 
(“TEFRA D”), unless the Bearer Notes are issued in circumstances in 
which the Bearer Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which circumstances 
will be referred to in the applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which 
the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”) is not applicable. 
 
There are selling restrictions relating to the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, to retail investors in the EEA (as defined in 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” below), in 
the United Kingdom, in Italy, in Hong Kong and in Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of 
a particular Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions” below. 
Risk Factors: 
There are various factors which may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme, principally the 
risks relating to the banking industry in the Group’s primary markets of 
Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. The Group’s business may be 
affected by such factors as credit risk, market risk, operational risk and 
liquidity risk as well as the economic conditions, globally or for certain 
geographies or sectors, particularly relating to the above-mentioned 
primary markets for the Group as well as to the banking industry in 
Europe. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks relating to an investment in Notes 
issued under the Programme. These include risks related to the structure 
of a particular issue of Notes, risks inherent in Notes and certain other 
factors. For a further discussion of risk factors, see “Risk Factors”. 
1.2 
Overview of the Issuer  
Swedbank is a public limited liability bank company (Sw: Bankaktiebolag) incorporated under the 
laws of the Kingdom of Sweden and headquartered in Stockholm. Its registered office is located at 
SE-105 34 Stockholm, with its head office at Landsvägen 40, 172 63 Sundbyberg and its telephone 
number is +46 (0)8 5859 0000. It is registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office in 
Sundsvall under registration number 502017-7753. Swedbank’s shares are listed on NASDAQ OMX 
Stockholm. Swedbank was incorporated on April 24, 1942. 
As of December 31, 2020, the Group served a total of 7.3 million private customers and 548,000 
corporate customers and organisations through approximately 430 branches (compared to 460 in 
2019) in 10 countries, primarily in its principal markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
This includes customers reached through close cooperation with 58 associated independent savings 
banks (hereafter referred to as associated independent savings banks). The terms of collaboration 
are governed by a cooperation agreement. During 2020, 9 branches were closed in Sweden, mainly 
due to changing customer behaviour where customers chose to interact with the Group digitally 
instead of visiting branch offices.  
The Group offers a broad range of products and services, including retail banking, corporate and 
investment banking, asset management and insurance products, with the majority of the Group’s 
income deriving from its Swedish banking services. As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s loans to

--- Page 20 ---
8 
 
 
the public, excluding the Swedish National Debt Office (“SNDO”) and repurchase agreements, 
amounted to SEK 1,616 billion. The Group recorded SEK 21,116 million in profit before impairments 
for the year ended December 31, 2020 and SEK 25,976 million in profit before impairments for the 
year ended December 31, 2019. Credit impairments for the year ended December 31, 2020 
amounted to SEK 4,334 million. Net profit attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank for the year 
ended December 31, 2020 amounted to SEK 12,929 million and SEK 19,697 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2019. As of December 31, 2020, the Group had 16,213 full-time employees.  
The Group has a long-standing history dating back to 1820 when the first savings bank was founded 
in Sweden. In the early 1990s, each of Sparbanken Sverige and Föreningsbanken were merged with 
a number of regional savings banks and regional agricultural co-operative banks, respectively. In 
1997, Sparbanken Sverige and Föreningsbanken merged to form FöreningsSparbanken. 
FöreningsSparbanken changed its name to Swedbank in 2006. The Group expanded its operations 
into the Baltic countries (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania) in 1996 when it acquired a 12.5 per cent 
stake in Eesti Hoiupank, a bank that merged with Hansabank in 1998. In 1999, the Group acquired 
additional shares, resulting in a 50 per cent ownership of the shares in Hansabank and, in 2005, 
acquired the remaining outstanding shares in Hansabank (now Swedbank AS). The Group consists 
of four business segments. 
 
Swedish Banking: Swedish Banking offers a broad range of financial products and services 
to private customers, as well as small and medium-sized corporates, through 159 branches 
as of December 31, 2020, as well as through telephone, internet and mobile banking. 
Through co-operation with local associated independent savings banks and partly-owned 
banks, the Group also offers its retail products through 190 other branches as of December 
31, 2020; 
 
Baltic Banking: Baltic Banking offers a complete range of financial products and services to 
private and corporate customers in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania through 82 branches as of 
December 31, 2020, as well as through telephone and internet banking. The Group holds 
leading positions in several key market segments in its Baltic home markets; 
 
Large Corporates & Institutions: Large Corporates & Institutions (“LC&I”) is responsible for 
customers with revenues above SEK 2 billion and those whose needs are considered 
complex due to their multinational operations or their need for sophisticated financing 
solutions. LC&I is also responsible for developing corporate and capital market products for 
other parts of the Group and associated independent Swedish savings banks. LC&I works 
closely with customers to provide advice on decisions that create long-term profitability and 
sustainable growth. LC&I is represented in Sweden, Norway, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, 
Finland, Denmark, China, the United States and South Africa; and 
 
Group Functions & Other: Group Functions & Other consists of central business support 
units and the client advisory unit Group Financial Products & Advice. The central units serve 
as strategic and administrative support, comprising Accounting & Finance, Communication, 
Risk, Digital Banking & IT, Compliance, Public Affairs, Human Resources and Legal. Group 
Treasury is responsible for the Group’s funding, liquidity and capital planning. Group 
Treasury sets the prices on all internal deposit and loan flows in the Group through internal 
interest rates, where the most important parameters are maturity, interest fixing period, 
currency and the need for liquidity reserves.

--- Page 21 ---
9 
 
 
Selected Financial and Operational Data 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Private customers (millions)1 .................................................................................. 
7.3 
7.0 
7.3 
Corporate customers1 ............................................................................................ 
548,000 
618,000 
620,000 
Full-time employees ............................................................................................... 
16,213 
15,218 
14,865 
Total income (SEK million) ..................................................................................... 
45,676 
45,960 
44,222 
Profit before impairments (SEK million) .................................................................. 
21,116 
25,976 
27,387 
Credit impairments (SEK million) ............................................................................ 
4,334 
1,469 
521 
Profit for the year attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank (SEK million) ....... 
12,929 
19,697 
21,162 
Note: 
1 Including saving banks and partly owned banks.

--- Page 22 ---
10 
 
 
2. 
Risk Factors 
2.1 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Financial Situation 
2.1.1 
Economic and market conditions have caused substantial credit impairments in the past, and 
future credit impairments could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, or the risk that its borrowers may not repay their loans according 
to their contractual terms. A deteriorating macroeconomic environment or increased risk profile of 
the Group’s credit portfolio could result in further provisioning and/or higher capital requirements. If 
the market value of collateral securing the payment of the loans made by the Group declines, the 
collateral may be insufficient to cover the loans.  
The Group uses through the cycle estimates of probability of default for calculating its regulatory 
capital requirements. If the risks in the Group’s credit portfolio increase, it would result in 
downgrades in the risk classification system. Any downgrades could result in a higher regulatory 
capital requirement, which could lead the Group to require additional capital. In addition, the Group 
values assets and assesses the capital adequacy position of its banking subsidiaries using financial 
models based on assumptions and estimates taking into account the then prevailing market 
conditions which may prove inadequate if market conditions deteriorate. Changes in foreign 
exchange rates, decreases in collateral ratios as a consequence of the deterioration of the market 
value of assets pledged as collateral, or deterioration in the economic environment, among other 
things, could result in further provisioning (e.g., previously known oil-related problem loans ongoing 
since 2015 within LC&I resulted in higher credit impairments) and/or an increase in risk exposure 
amount (“REA”), which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, under IFRS 9, credit impairments can have an adverse effect on the Group's results of 
operations. The Group’s credit impairments amounted to SEK 4,334 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2020 and were mainly due to increased individual assessments on certain larger 
stage 3 loans in the oil-related sector, negative risk class changes in pandemic-affected industries 
and post-model expert credit adjustments due to the uncertainty surrounding future economic 
impacts of COVID-19. Updated macro-economic scenarios have resulted in reduced provisions 
which have been balanced out by post-model expert adjustments made since certain economic 
effects of COVID-19 had not materialised due to extensive government support. The credit 
impairments corresponded to a credit impairment ratio of 0.26 per cent for the year ended December 
31, 2020 compared to a credit impairment of SEK 1,469 million, corresponding to a credit 
impairment ratio of 0.09 per cent for the year ended December 31, 2019 and a SEK 521 million 
credit impairment, corresponding to a credit impairment ratio of 0.03 per cent for the year ended 
December 31, 2018. For further analysis of credit impairment ratios, refer to the section 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”.  
There can be no assurance that the Group will not experience materially lower credit recoveries or 
higher impairments in the future. 
2.1.2 
A significant amount of the Group’s long-term financing matures in the next 12 months, 
which the Group may not have the ability to refinance.  
A significant portion, SEK 124 billion, or 20 per cent as of December 31, 2020, of the Group’s 
external long-term financing, including maturing subordinated debt, matures in the next 12 months. 
Disruptions, uncertainty and/or increased volatility in the global capital markets may have a material

--- Page 23 ---
11 
 
 
adverse effect on the Group’s ability to raise new financing at all or on favourable terms. This could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity position, funding maturity profile and 
operating results. The availability of additional financing depends on a variety of factors, such as 
market conditions, the availability of credit generally and, specifically for borrowers in the financial 
services industry, the volume of trading activities. 
In addition, an increase in interest rates and/or widening of credit spreads, as well as any restriction 
on the availability of credit, including, but not limited to, interbank credit, can affect the Group’s ability 
to borrow on a secured or unsecured basis, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s liquidity and results of operations. In difficult credit market conditions, the Group may be 
forced to fund its operations at a higher cost, or it may be unable to raise as much short- or long-
term funding as needed to support its business activities. This could increase the Group’s funding 
costs or cause the Group to curtail its business activities, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The availability of financing is also affected by the Group’s financial condition, its credit ratings and 
credit capacity, as well as any negative perception by the Group’s customers or lenders of the 
Group’s financial prospects if, for example, the Group incurs large loan losses or other losses, 
experiences significant deposit outflows or if the level of the Group’s business activity decreases due 
to a market downturn or otherwise. The Group’s access to funds may further be impaired if 
regulatory authorities impose additional regulatory capital requirements or if ratings agencies 
downgrade the credit ratings or outlook of Swedbank. This could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s liquidity position, funding maturity profile and operating results. For more information 
about recent regulatory changes to capital requirements, see “—Swedbank or its financial institution 
subsidiaries may need additional capital and/or eligible liabilities in the future to maintain capital 
adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be difficult to obtain such capital and/or eligible 
liabilities. 
2.1.3 
The Group’s funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on 
its credit ratings.  
On March 26, 2020, S&P lowered Swedbank’s long-term and short-term issuer credit rating on 
Swedbank AB and its core subsidiary Swedbank Mortgage AB. On April 2, 2020, Moody’s 
downgraded Swedbank’s long-term deposit and senior unsecured debt ratings, junior senior 
unsecured debt ratings, subordinated debt ratings and baseline credit assessment. On April 3, 2020, 
Fitch downgraded Swedbank’s long-term Issuer Default Rating (“IDR”) and Viability Rating (“VR”). 
The downgrades follow the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (“SFSA”) and Estonian 
Financial Supervisory Authority (“EFSA”) finding of serious anti-money laundering deficiencies and 
regulatory misconduct at Swedbank between 2015 and the first quarter of 2019 as a result of 
investigations into Swedbank’s Baltic subsidiaries, as well as Swedbank’s disclosure of the findings 
of its independent investigation by an external law firm, Clifford Chance LLP.  Any downgrade of 
Swedbank’s credit rating, or the credit ratings of its significant subsidiaries such as Swedbank 
Mortgage, could increase its borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity position of the Group, limit 
its access to the capital markets, undermine confidence in, and the competitive position of, the 
Group, or trigger obligations under certain bilateral terms in some of its trading and collateralised 
financing contracts, including requiring the provision of additional collateral as well as limiting the 
range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with the Group. Any such event could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Any 
fines or sanctions imposed on the Group by relevant authorities, including the SFSA, which imposed 
an administrative fine of SEK 4 billion on the Group on March 19, 2020, could have an adverse 
impact on the Group's credit rating. For more information relating to credit rating risks see “Selected 
Financial Information—Ratings”.

--- Page 24 ---
12 
 
 
2.1.4 
The Group may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing defaulted 
loans, and even if it is successful in its foreclosure efforts, it may be unable to successfully 
repossess the underlying assets, which may adversely affect its ability to recover the value 
of the collateral. 
If a borrower defaults under one of the Group’s loans, the Group may foreclose on the loan and/or 
acquire title to the assets pledged as collateral, and thereafter make substantial improvements or 
repairs in order to maximize the asset’s realizable value. The borrower may contest enforcement of 
foreclosure or other compulsory measures, which may delay the foreclosure. The borrower may also 
seek bankruptcy protection, in which case certain regulatory measures may preclude the Group from 
enforcing foreclosure or pursuing other remedies against the borrower. Foreclosure-related costs, 
high LTV ratios or reductions in the value of the assets may prevent the Group from realising an 
amount equal to its loans upon foreclosure, and the Group may be required to record losses. 
Even if the Group is able to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing its exposures, the 
Group may hold title to pledged assets that it is unable to efficiently repossess or force a sale of, 
which would adversely affect the Group’s ability to recover the value of the collateral securing its 
exposure. Furthermore, the Group may, as part of its foreclosure on business assets, end up 
acquiring collateral that is not core to the Group’s business and in respect of which it lacks the 
required operational or management expertise or experience or may be prohibited from owning 
under applicable regulations. Managing such assets may be costly and may require additional 
expertise, personnel or outsourcing, options which may not be readily available or available at all. All 
of the above may adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
2.1.5 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk. Fluctuations in the value of foreign 
currencies could have an adverse effect on the Group’s assets, including its loan portfolio, 
and its results of operations. 
Currency risk refers to the risk that the value of the Group’s assets and liabilities, including 
derivatives, will be negatively affected by changes in exchange rates or other relevant risk factors. 
The Group has currency positions through goodwill and other intangible assets which are deductible 
from the capital base. These currency positions are financed in SEK and are not hedged because 
changes in exchange rates between foreign currencies and SEK do not affect either our profit or 
capital base. The major single position is in EUR and relates to the Baltic operations. 
In addition, the Group is subject to structural currency risks within its banking operations because it 
takes deposits and lends in different currencies. Currency risk also arises from the Group’s trading 
operations, e.g., due to customer transactions. Group Treasury manages currency risk that arises 
from banking operations or is strategic in nature by limiting the total value of assets and liabilities 
(including derivatives) denominated in a single currency to a desired level using derivatives, such as 
cross-currency swaps and forward exchange agreements. Currency risks arising from trading 
operations are also managed by the use of currency derivatives. 
Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies may also have a negative impact on the Group’s 
liquidity as the Group’s overall liquidity includes balances which are held in foreign currencies. As 
the foreign currency balances value varies, the liquidity reserve value will also fluctuate. Additionally, 
fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies may also have a negative impact on the Group’s 
capital position, since a portion of the Group’s capital and REA is denominated in foreign currencies.

--- Page 25 ---
13 
 
 
2.1.6 
The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available. 
The Group’s liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access debt markets, an inability to sell 
assets or redeem investments, outflows of deposits or collateral deterioration. This could be due to 
circumstances that the Group is unable to control, such as continued general market disruption, loss 
of confidence in financial markets, uncertainty and speculation regarding the solvency of market 
participants, rating downgrades, or operational problems that affect third parties. Perceived liquidity 
risks from rumours or speculation in the marketplace can, in certain circumstances, lead to real 
liquidity impairments, which can further lead to, amongst other things, a downgrade in credit ratings, 
thereby exacerbating a downward liquidity spiral. 
The Group, like its Nordic peers, is reliant on wholesale funding due to a structural shortage of 
deposits in the Swedish banking system, which makes it sensitive to prolonged dislocations in the 
funding markets. The Group’s ability to sell assets at commercially desirable prices, or at all, could 
be impaired if other market participants are seeking to sell similar assets at the same time or are not 
in the position to finance themselves, or when the market value of assets, including financial 
instruments underlying derivative transactions to which the Group is a party, is difficult to ascertain, 
which occurred during the last liquidity crisis. In addition, financial institutions with which the Group 
interacts could exercise set-off rights or the right to require additional collateral, which could further 
impair the Group’s access to liquidity. The Group’s internal sources of liquidity may prove to be 
insufficient, and in such case, the Group may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing 
on favourable terms or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
2.1.7 
Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries may need additional capital and/or eligible 
liabilities in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be 
difficult to obtain such capital and/or eligible liabilities. 
The Group, on a consolidated basis, and Swedbank and its financial institution subsidiaries, on an 
individual basis, are required to maintain minimum capital ratios, eligible liability levels and solvency 
levels prescribed by law in each of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. If the capital or 
eligible liabilities of the Group are not sufficient to meet the applicable requirements or if the 
applicable requirements increase or the rules concerning what counts as capital or eligible liabilities 
change, the Group may need to obtain additional capital and/or eligible liabilities in the future and it 
may not be able to obtain new equity capital or debt financing to meet such requirements on 
favourable terms, which would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
In addition, if the capital ratios of Swedbank’s financial institution subsidiaries deteriorate, 
Swedbank, as the parent company, could be required to provide funding by way of direct or indirect 
capital contributions, loans or guarantees of loans into its subsidiaries. To the extent that it does not, 
Group operations could be restricted in the relevant jurisdictions as a result of regulatory penalties, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Moreover, developments in the regulatory framework, such as changes in the risk weighting of 
assets, may cause reductions in the Group’s capital adequacy ratios and solvency levels and/or 
cause the applicable minimum capital or eligible liability requirements to increase. Additionally, 
macro-prudential authorities may change the Group’s capital and/or eligible liability requirements in 
the future, when they deem it necessary to contain systemic risk. For further detail, see “Regulatory 
Considerations—Banking Regulation and Supervision in Sweden.” Changing regulations may make 
it expensive or difficult for the Group to maintain its capital adequacy requirements.

--- Page 26 ---
14 
 
 
In November 2018, the SFSA published a memorandum explaining its view of the EBA’s updated 
guidelines on banks’ internal risk classification systems. In particular, the SFSA required Swedish 
banks to analyse their internal risk classification systems to ensure that they comply with updated 
requirements. Since these new models have not yet been implemented, there is uncertainty as to 
how the changes will affect Swedbank. However, the implementation of new models is expected to 
increase Swedbank’s REA.  
The proposed reforms to Basel III, including the output floor of 72.5 per cent, are expected to 
increase the REA and the capital requirements for Swedbank. The magnitude of the increase is still 
uncertain and will depend on how Swedish and European competent financial authorities choose to 
implement the new regulatory framework for European and, in particular, Swedish banks. If the REA 
and capital requirements are increased for Swedbank, it may need to obtain additional capital and/or 
eligible liabilities in the future and it may not be able to obtain new equity capital or debt financing to 
meet such requirements on favourable terms, which would have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. The implementation date for most of 
the proposed reforms was January 1, 2022 but this has now been extended to January 1, 2023 in 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic; the output floor requirements are intended to be phased in 
over a five-year period following January 1, 2023, ending on January 1, 2028. 
2.2 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Operational and Strategic Situation  
2.2.1 
IT and other systems and infrastructure on which the Group depends are subject to 
disruptions and failures for a variety of reasons which could be outside the Group’s control. 
The Group’s operations are highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, 
a large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex, across numerous and diverse 
markets in many currencies, as well as its ability to accommodate current and future regulatory 
provisions, such as anti-money laundering monitoring requirements and IFRS 9 record- keeping and 
calculations. Increased digitisation contributes to making operational risks more complex, not least 
because the number of places and ways in which the bank interacts with customers is growing. The 
Group’s financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to 
operate properly or become disabled due to, for example: 
 
infrastructure issues which are related to hardware, software, network and communication 
failures, power supply and cooling systems; 
 
external dependencies where the Group’s operations are dependent on third parties such as 
stock exchanges, clearing houses, external information providers and, software vendors’ 
maintenance providers; 
 
internal issues such as deterioration in the quality of IT development, support and operations 
processes, and a high turnover of employees or organisational changes, resulting in an 
inadequate number of personnel to handle the increasing complexity of operations or manual 
errors; and 
 
the Group’s operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential 
and other information in its computer systems and networks. The Group’s computer systems, 
software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorised access, computer viruses or other 
malicious codes and other external attacks or internal breaches that could have a security 
impact. If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardise the Group’s, or the 
Group’s clients’ or counterparties’, confidential and other information. The Group may be 
required to spend significant additional resources to modify its protective measures or to 
investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and it may be subject to litigation

--- Page 27 ---
15 
 
 
and financial losses as well as reputational risks that are either not insured against or not fully 
covered through any insurance maintained by the Group. 
Any disruption in the Group’s IT or other systems may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the IT 
infrastructure that supports the businesses and the Group’s operations in the countries in which the 
Group is located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation 
or other services used by the Group or third parties with whom it conducts business, or a 
catastrophic event involving any location where the Group has a significant operational base. 
In 2020, the Group occasionally experienced system disruptions that affected customer access to 
services.  Examples of such incidents include: 
 
An incident in February 2020 during planned maintenance work to reconfigure a faulty network 
controller in one of the Group’s Swedish data centres impacted all service delivery channels in 
Sweden (i.e., cards, internet and mobile banking, Swish payments, contact centres, branch 
networks, trading and back-office functions) and certain services in the Baltics (including mobile 
and internet banking, payments and branch services), causing major customer outages. 
 
A disruption in April 2020 in Swish service that lasted slightly over an hour due to issues 
between Swish and its third-party vendor Tele2. During the disruption, which also affected other 
banks, approximately 99,000 Swish transactions were not initiated/processed for Swedbank.  
 
An incident in April 2020 involving Smart ID service provider SK ID Solutions in the Baltics, 
which had major and critical impacts on PB services, in particular e-channels using smart ID for 
customer login and various payments services in the Baltic region. In total, 156,537 instant 
payment transactions could not be processed. 
 
An external attack in October 2020 on Swedbank’s network, which caused disturbances in its 
systems affecting all internal and external customers. The greatest impact was on Mobilbanken 
in Sweden, which included two outages, affecting more than 100,000 customers. 
These incidents are not an exhaustive list, but examples of availability issues that have affected 
customers during 2020. The primary impact from such incidents is reputational, but can also have a 
financial impact due to lost business and additional costs related to incident management and 
recovery.   
2.2.2 
The Group is subject to a variety of risks as a result of its operations outside of Sweden, 
most notably in the Baltic countries.   
The Group’s operations in the Baltic countries present various risks that do not apply, or apply to a 
lesser degree, to its business in Sweden. In particular, the Group faces higher economic and political 
risks in these markets, including the potential for additional economic volatility, recession, inflationary 
pressure, exchange rate fluctuation risk and interruption of business, as well as sanctions relating to 
specific countries, renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts, sovereign default and changes 
in law or tax policy. The current geopolitical situation in Russia and Belarus, including sanctions and 
embargos, poses a risk to the region. Risks such as these could impact the ability or obligations of 
the Group’s borrowers to repay their loans, the value of the Group’s collateral held as security, 
interest rates and foreign exchange rates, and the levels of economic activity. In addition, the Group 
may face a higher risk of money laundering activity in the Baltic countries and there can be no 
assurance that the Group’s anti-money laundering policies and procedures have effectively mitigated

--- Page 28 ---
16 
 
 
or will effectively mitigate the risk associated with these jurisdictions. As discussed in “—The Group 
is exposed to anti money laundering and sanctions compliance risks, and is currently subject to 
investigations by authorities into allegations that the Group may have processed money laundering 
transactions and may have violated OFAC sanctions,” the Group is responding to serious allegations 
that significant sums of money were transferred through the Group’s Baltic subsidiaries by 
customers who may have been involved in money laundering. All of the foregoing factors could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
2.2.3 
The Group is exposed to concentration risk 
The Group is exposed to geographic concentration risk in the form of exposure to Sweden. For the 
full-year 2020, the Swedish Banking business segment generated 60 per cent of the Group’s 
revenues and 70 per cent of its profits (in each case excluding Group Functions & Other) and 
therefore a downturn in this segment could materially impact the Group. The Group is also exposed 
to sector concentration risk due to the fact that a large share of its loans are private mortgages or 
are made to the property management industry. Private mortgage loans constituted 58 per cent of 
Swedbank’s total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2020, with 90 per cent of the private mortgage 
loans in Sweden and the remaining 10 per cent in the Baltic countries. Property management was 
the largest corporate sector and constituted 15 per cent of the total loan portfolio and 46 per cent of 
the corporate portfolio as of December 31, 2020. The property management portfolio was distributed 
in Sweden (83 per cent), Baltic countries (9 per cent) and Norway and Finland (8 per cent) as of 
December 31, 2020. The economic situation and/or increased market competition in Sweden or 
deteriorating conditions in this sector could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
2.2.4 
The Group’s activities may be subject to cybercrime attacks. 
Swedbank’s activities continue to be exposed to an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the nature of 
which is continually evolving. Digital developments, together with Swedbank’s size and market 
share, make it a potential target for cybercrime, the cost of which is rising significantly. In particular, 
the Group is the subject of cyber fraud attempts, which are primarily related to the Group’s card and 
internet banking operations. Instances of internet banking fraud largely stem from social engineering 
of our customers and employees, which results in unauthorised persons gaining access to 
customers’ accounts, circumventing technical and logical protection mechanisms. Fraud related to 
card operations mainly results from theft of card information at retailers and other points of sale. 
Swedbank may need to compensate customers for their losses unless the customer has been 
grossly negligent.   
The Group has experienced denial of service attempts against its infrastructure on a reoccurring 
basis, causing minor impacts on availability of services; such attacks may increase in frequency or 
severity. The Group also expects to face increased regulatory requirements going forward in relation 
to cybersecurity, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which entered into 
force in May 2018, or the EBA’s proposed technical standards on strong customer authentication. In 
2019, the EBA published new guidelines that provide details on how financial institutions should 
address information and communication technology (“ICT”) and security risks. See “—The Group’s 
business is subject to substantial regulation and supervision and can be adversely affected by 
adverse regulatory, taxation and governmental developments.” 
The Group may continue to experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems 
and services. For instance, an external attack in October 2020 on Swedbank’s network caused 
disturbances in its systems affecting all internal and external customers, particularly customers of 
Mobilbanken in Sweden. Such security breaches and unexpected disruptions could in turn result in

--- Page 29 ---
17 
 
 
liability to the Group’s customers and third parties and have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.2.5 
Risks relating to changes in accounting and reporting standards. 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”), the EU and other 
regulatory bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the 
preparation of the Group’s financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and can 
materially impact how the Group records and reports its results of operations and financial condition, 
and impact its capital and eligible liability levels. Recently, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IFRS 17 have all 
been introduced. Implementation of IFRS 9 resulted mainly in changes in the presentation of the 
Group’s accrued interest and changes in the estimates and assumptions related to credit impairment 
provisions in 2018 compared to 2017. IFRS 16 sets out the principles for the recognition, 
measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases. These amendments were implemented in 
2018 and 2019. IFRS 17 establishes principles for recognition, presentation, measurement and 
disclosure of insurance contracts. IFRS 17 was issued in May 2017. In June 2020, IASB decided to 
defer the effective date to January 1, 2023. IFRS 17 has not yet been approved by the EU. For 
further detail see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Accounting Presentation.”  
As a consequence of changes in accounting and reporting standards, the Group may need to obtain 
additional capital and eligible liabilities in the future and may not be able to obtain new equity capital 
or debt financing qualifying as regulatory capital or eligible liabilities on attractive terms, or at all. The 
Group may need to sell assets and these sales could be at distressed prices, to the extent that a 
market exists, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
2.2.6 
Substantially all of the Group’s retail mortgage portfolio comprises the cover pool for the 
covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage. 
As of December 31, 2020, substantially all of the Group’s Swedish retail mortgage portfolio was in 
the cover pool of Swedbank’s wholly owned subsidiary, Swedbank Mortgage. The retail mortgages 
issued by Swedbank Mortgage comprise the cover pool and thereby serve as security for holders of 
the covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage and for counterparties under derivatives contracts 
entered into for hedging purposes in relation to such covered bonds. These mortgages do not form 
part of the general assets of Swedbank that would be available to holders of the Notes in the case of 
insolvency or liquidation of Swedbank. The Group intends to cover a significant part of its long-term 
funding requirement through the additional issuance of covered bonds, which will be secured by 
future retail mortgages issued by Swedbank Mortgage. As of December 31, 2020, the Group had 
SEK 541,248 million of covered bonds outstanding. The Notes are unsecured obligations of 
Swedbank, and Holders are structurally subordinated to the covered bondholders and hedge 
counterparties with respect to the covered bonds. Holders are not likely to ever have access to the 
cover pool securing the covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage and the related derivatives if 
Swedbank should become insolvent or be liquidated. 
2.2.7 
The Group may be required to reassess assumptions used in the calculation of defined 
benefit pension schemes and to make further contributions to its pension schemes if the 
value of the plan assets is not sufficient to cover potential liabilities. 
Nearly all employees hired in the Swedish part of the Group before 2013 are covered by the BTP2 
defined benefit pension plan, which is a multi-employer occupational pension for Swedish banks. 
The Group is subject to the risk that the liabilities of the Group’s various defined benefit pension 
schemes, which are long-term in nature, will be higher than the liabilities projected based on current

--- Page 30 ---
18 
 
 
assumptions. Major assumptions include those pertaining to salary increases, mortality, discount 
rates and inflation. Risk also arises from the plan assets because the value of these asset portfolios 
and the returns from them may be less than expected, especially if equity prices, interest rates, 
counterparty risk (including sovereigns) or inflation are subject to significant changes. Actual 
outcome might also differ from current assumptions. These changes or differences, as expressed by 
an actuarial loss, could be significant and could have a negative impact on the Group’s results of 
operations. 
The Group makes contributions to the pension schemes so that the plan assets cover obligations in 
accordance with Swedish legal requirements. If a deficit arises the Group could be obliged to, or 
may choose to, make additional contributions to the schemes. Swedbank’s reported pension liability 
decreased during 2020 by SEK 5.1 billion, changing from a pension liability of SEK 8.8 billion at the 
end of 2019, to a pension liability of SEK 3.7 billion by the end of 2020. The rules in IAS 19 
regarding defined benefit pension plans could create volatility in the estimated pension liability and 
thus to Swedbank’s equity through other comprehensive income. See “Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Basel III.” 
2.2.8 
Litigation arising from the Group’s business conduct could have an adverse impact on its 
performance and position. 
Entities within the Group could be involved from time to time in legal proceedings or be subject to 
investigations arising from the conduct of their business. The reputational and aggregate potential 
liability in respect thereof cannot be accurately assessed. Any material legal proceedings or 
investigations, or publicity surrounding such legal or regulatory proceedings, could adversely impact 
the Group’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, 
please see “—Risks Relating to Internal Control and Compliance—The Group is exposed to anti-
money laundering and sanctions compliance risks, and is currently subject to investigations by 
authorities into allegations that the Group may have processed money laundering transactions and 
may have violated OFAC sanctions" and “Swedbank—Legal Proceedings.” 
2.2.9 
In order to successfully compete, the Group depends on the recruitment and retention of 
highly skilled individuals. 
The Group’s performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. 
The Group’s continued ability to compete effectively in its businesses depends on the Group’s ability 
to attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. Competition from within 
the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry for 
qualified employees is intense. In addition, current and future laws, including laws relating to 
immigration and outsourcing, and remuneration restrictions under CRD, may restrict the Group’s 
ability to move responsibilities or personnel from one jurisdiction to another or to offer competitive 
compensation to attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. The need 
for increased cost efficiency could also result in lower wage increases in coming years, which may 
also impact the Group’s ability to retain or recruit employees. This may impact the Group’s ability to 
take advantage of business opportunities, potential efficiencies, or profitably manage its existing or 
new assets. 
Swedbank has recently experienced changes within the Group, including in the composition of its 
Group Executive Committee. On January 13, 2020, Erik Ljungberg was appointed as the new Head 
of Group Communication and Sustainability, taking office on July 1, 2020. On March 14, 2020, Rolf 
Marquardt was appointed the new Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”), taking office on September 4, 2020. 
On July 9, 2020, Swedbank announced that Charlotte Rydin was recruited as the new Chief Legal 
Officer (“CLO”) and Head of Group Legal, taking office in January 2021 and Jon Lidefelt (previously 
acting Head of Baltic Banking) was appointed the new Head of Baltic Banking, taking office on

--- Page 31 ---
19 
 
 
August 1, 2020. On January 15, 2021, it was announced that Ola Laurin stepped down as the head 
of LC&I and would leave the Group. Björn Meltzer will serve as the acting head of LC&I and the 
recruitment of a permanent replacement has begun. 
Prolonged changes in management may lead to a decline in employee morale or employee 
engagement and may result in increased employee turnover. Employee competence and dedication 
to customer service impacts the Group's customers’ experience and contributes to customer value. 
Employees have a high workload and the Group requires complex planning of resources, with a 
need to prioritize both business-driven development and regulatory-driven development while 
simultaneously managing day-to-day operations. Increased staff-related risks could materially 
adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.2.10 Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets could have a negative effect on the 
Group’s results of operations 
Swedbank performs impairment tests on goodwill and other intangible assets at least once per year 
or whenever there are indications of a decrease in the value of goodwill or other intangible assets. 
The outcome of any impairment test model depends, among other things, on key input data on 
macroeconomic factors and long-term growth assumptions.  
The Group’s goodwill amounted to SEK 13.3 billion as of December 31, 2020, of which SEK 10.2 
billion relates to the investment in the Baltic banking operations. As of the end of 2020, the 
impairment tests did not result in any impairment of the Baltic banking operations. Impairment tests 
include an assessed required Tier 1 capital ratio. At the end of 2020, 2019 and 2018, the required 
Tier 1 capital ratio was 14 per cent.  
Should economic conditions worsen beyond the Group’s expectations, or should there be a change 
in regulatory conditions affecting the Group’s assets, either in any of the Group’s home markets or in 
general, an impairment charge relating to goodwill and other intangible assets may need to be 
recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial 
condition results of operations. For additional information see “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Impairment of Intangible Assets.” 
2.3 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Business Activities and Industry 
2.3.1 
Swedish households have high levels of household debt and may be exposed to a risk of a 
decrease in housing prices. Regulatory responses to these concerns also pose risks for the 
Group. 
A significant portion of the Group’s profits are generated by Swedbank Mortgage. Swedbank 
Mortgage’s credit risks arise primarily in its lending to the public, consisting of private individuals, 
tenant-owner associations and the agriculture and forestry and property management sectors. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, 80 per cent of Swedbank Mortgage’s credit portfolio consists of 
lending to private individuals and is secured by single-family homes and tenant-owned apartments. 
15 per cent consists of lending to residential and commercial real estate properties (mainly owned by 
tenant-owner associations and property management companies). 
In recent years in Sweden, low interest rates (with real interest rates on mortgages in Sweden 
decreasing from 8.5 per cent to 1.4 per cent between 1995 and 2020), historically low inflation, 
higher housing prices and increased disposable household income have led to continued strong 
growth in demand for loans, especially in the residential mortgage market. Demand for housing has 
increased rapidly in Sweden, partly as a result of rapid growth in the population over the past decade 
due to increases in immigration. Rapid urbanisation in Sweden has also contributed to an increase in

--- Page 32 ---
20 
 
 
demand for housing in metropolitan areas and other growth regions. As of December 31, 2020, 
housing prices have more than tripled since 2000. In 2020, housing prices continued to increase 
after a temporary decline in 2017. In annual terms, housing prices increased by 11.5 per cent in 
December 2020 supported primarily by low interest rates, lack of housing and a solid labour market. 
In addition to these trends, a significant risk facing the Swedish economy is the level of household 
debt, which has reached historically high levels, with Sweden’s estimated household debt-to-
disposable income ratio at 185 per cent as of the beginning of 2021, according to the Swedish 
Central Bank’s December 2020 forecast. A shortage of housing, low interest rates and higher house 
prices have led to a rapid increase in the volume of home lending. As of 2019, 39.8 per cent of the 
household total mortgage stock in Sweden had a floating interest rate (with adjustments more 
frequently than annually), which means households were sensitive to increases in interest rates. A 
large number of Swedish households therefore may be exposed to the risk of a decrease in housing 
prices. If interest rates increase, Swedish households may no longer be able to afford their mortgage 
payments or new households may be deterred from entering the mortgage market, which could in 
turn decrease housing prices. If housing prices decrease, households may owe more on their 
houses than their property is worth, which may increase default rates among Swedish borrowers. As 
the Group, through Swedbank Mortgage, is one of Sweden’s leading mortgage lenders with a 
market share of 23 per cent as of December 31, 20201, any increase in default rates whether due to 
a decrease in housing prices or otherwise could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Additionally, due to the historically high household indebtedness levels, significant decreases in 
housing prices, or increases in interest rates may cause a significant decrease in household 
incomes, net assets and/or wealth and consumption, which would in turn have an effect on the 
broader economy.  
Successive Swedish governments have implemented policies to attempt to mitigate these risks and 
secure financial stability. For further detail see ”Regulatory Considerations—Banking Regulation and 
Supervision in Sweden—Capital adequacy and liquidity.” However, such measures may be 
inadequate or have unpredictable consequences. The Central Bank of Sweden has expressed 
concern about the housing market and the increase in household lending and has asked for 
additional macro prudential tools, such as decreased interest deduction, debt ratio of disposable 
income and lower mortgage share with flexible interest rates. While discussions about reductions in 
interest deductibility have intensified, political consensus on this matter has not been reached. If 
such macro prudential tools are implemented and prove to be too stringent, this could have a 
negative impact both on Swedish growth and on the real estate market. 
2.3.2 
The Group’s business is sensitive to changes in interest rates and to changes in the 
competitive environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits.  
The Group is subject to risks typical of banking activities, including interest rate fluctuations. 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Group’s lending and deposit 
spreads. The Group is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on 
deposits or its wholesale funding costs, and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers 
and other banks. While both the interest rates payable by the Group on deposits, as well as the 
interest rates that it charges on loans to customers and credit institutions, are in each case mainly 
floating rates or swapped into floating rates, there is a risk that the Group will not be able to re-price 
its floating rate assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to re-pricing gaps in the short or 
medium term. With the current low (and in some cases negative) interest rate environment the 
Group may not be able to lower its funding costs, whether relating to deposits or wholesale funding, 
                                                     
1  
Statistics Sweden (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2021-01-31, www.scb.se.

--- Page 33 ---
21 
 
 
in line with decreases in interest rates on its interest-bearing assets. Due to regulations, the Group is 
also required to maintain a liquidity buffer, mainly consisting of central bank assets, that is also 
sensitive to changes in interest rates. 
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors over which the Group has no control, including fiscal 
and monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international 
political conditions. An increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as 
contribute to an increase in defaults by the Group’s customers. Conversely, a reduction in interest 
rates could adversely affect the Group through, among other things, a decrease in demand for 
deposits and an increase in competition in deposit-taking and lending to customers. As a result of 
these factors, significant changes or volatility in interest rates could have a material adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Group. It is difficult to predict 
changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could 
have on the Group’s financial performance and results of operations. The Group does not hedge all 
its risk exposure and cannot assure that its hedging strategies will be effective. If the Group is 
unable to adjust the interest rate payable on deposits in line with the changes in market interest 
rates receivable by it on loans, or if the Group’s monitoring procedures are unable to manage 
adequately the interest rate risk, its interest income could rise less or decline more than its interest 
expense, in which case the Group’s results of operations and financial condition or prospects could 
be negatively affected. 
2.3.3 
The Group is exposed to systemic risk and its business, profitability and liquidity may be 
adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults by, entities who owe 
the Group money, securities or other assets or whose securities or obligations the Group 
holds. 
Given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the Group is, and will 
continue to be, subject to the risk of deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness, or 
perceived soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial services industry, concerns 
about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by 
other institutions, because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions 
may be closely interrelated as a result of their credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. 
The Group is exposed to the risk that entities owing the Group money, securities or other assets will 
not perform their obligations. These entities may default on their obligations to the Group due to 
bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. The Group is also subject to the risk 
that its rights against these entities may not be enforceable in all circumstances. For example, 
different methods of holding collateral in different countries can affect the Group’s exposures as well 
as the value of the collateral to the Group. In addition, deterioration in the credit quality of securities 
or obligations held by the Group could result in losses and/or adversely affect its ability to transfer or 
realise value from those securities or obligations in the event of liquidation. A significant downgrade 
in the credit ratings of the Group’s counterparties could also have a negative impact on the Group’s 
results. While in many cases the Group is permitted to require additional collateral from 
counterparties that experience financial difficulty or when collateral value decreases, disputes may 
arise as to the amount of collateral the Group is entitled to receive and the value of the 
counterparty’s pledged assets. The termination of contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may 
subject the Group to claims asserting improper exercise of contractual rights. Bankruptcies, 
downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase in 
times of market stress and illiquidity. Rapid changes in prices on the financial markets may cause 
the Group’s exposure to such counterparties to increase, and in some of those cases the actual 
value of the Group’s collateral is lower than it was when the agreement was entered into. The Group 
may not be able to retain the value of its collateral due to legal concerns and to the ability of the 
Group to manage real estate property and other assets.

--- Page 34 ---
22 
 
 
Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty could lead to 
market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Group or by other institutions. This risk 
is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and could adversely affect financial intermediaries, such 
as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom certain of 
the Group’s subsidiaries interact on a daily basis. Systemic risk could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s ability to raise new funding and on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
2.3.4 
Market fluctuations and volatility may adversely affect the value of the Group’s positions, 
reduce its business activities and make it more difficult to assess the fair value of certain of 
its assets. 
In the event of dislocation of financial markets, the fair value of certain of the Group’s assets may 
decline significantly, causing the Group to record mark-to-market losses. The fair value may also 
fluctuate over short periods of time. In addition, these market conditions may affect the availability of 
observable market data. As a result, the Group’s estimates of fair value may differ materially both 
from similar estimates made by other financial institutions and from the values that would have been 
used if a market for these assets had been readily available.  
The fair value of interest-bearing securities trading in active markets is ordinarily based on market 
prices (mark-to-market). However, where quoted prices on instruments are not readily and regularly 
available, as was the case in particular during autumn 2008, due in part to the dislocation of the 
global financial markets, fair value is estimated using internal valuation models (mark-to-model). 
These models are generally based on observable market data, meaning the prices of financial 
instruments that are as similar in nature as possible to the instrument being valued and for which 
quotes are available in the market. These values are then adjusted to best reflect the value of the 
Group’s securities. 
Market fluctuations, particularly fluctuations in the equity market, also influence the value of assets in 
funds managed by the Group’s asset management business and have a direct impact on the income 
volatility of the asset management activities. 
The Group’s level of fees and returns from its equity investments in its insurance subsidiaries are 
impacted by any decrease in the value of their investment portfolios, poor investment returns and the 
requirement to maintain assets sufficient to cover mandatory provisions for insurance claims. 
2.3.5 
The Group operates in competitive markets and further increased competition may have an 
adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to significant competition in the markets in which it operates. Competition may 
increase in some or all of the Group’s markets as a result of legislative, regulatory, technological or 
other factors. Increased competition or a decline in customer satisfaction could cause the Group to 
lose business or compel it to price products and services on less advantageous terms, or otherwise 
have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Competition in the Swedish mortgage market, one of the Group’s core areas, has increased in 
recent years and has had and may continue to have a negative effect on the Group’s margins in the 
future. Digitisation continues at a brisk pace and customers are increasingly banking through digital 
channels rather than visiting a branch, which is placing higher demands on the stability of IT systems 
and on the banking sector to adapt products and distribution channels. In addition, increased 
competitor participation in the financial sector generally in the Group’s principal markets may have 
an impact on the competitive landscape in such markets and on the way in which banks in those 
markets conduct their operations. At present, it is difficult to predict what the effects of this increased 
competitor participation will be or how it will differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, should it

--- Page 35 ---
23 
 
 
materialise. However, the Group expects that in order to remain competitive, it will need to 
continuously improve customer offerings and cost efficiency to produce increased customer value. 
The Group may experience stronger competition and greater pressure on profit margins. These and 
other changes in the competitive landscape could adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations, liquidity, markets and/or prospects. 
2.3.6 
Actions or inactions of savings banks which are parties to co-operation agreements with the 
Group may have a negative impact on the Group. 
In the normal course of business, the Group enters into various commercial agreements with 
companies related to the banking industry. The Swedish part of the Group has co-operation 
agreements with Swedish savings banks, pursuant to which the co-operating banks market and 
distribute a range of the Group’s products and services through their own local branch networks. If 
the reputation or financial condition of one or more of the co-operating banks, through action or 
inaction, were to be adversely affected while operating under the Group’s trademark, the Group’s 
reputation could also be adversely affected regardless of whether the Group contributed to the 
action or inaction causing such reputational or financial injury, which in turn could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
2.4 
Risks Relating to Internal Control and Compliance 
2.4.1 
The Group is exposed to anti-money laundering and sanctions compliance risks, and has 
been and is currently, subject to investigations by certain authorities into allegations that the 
Group may have processed money laundering transactions and may have violated OFAC 
sanctions. 
The Group is subject to anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and regulations. These laws and 
regulations are continually evolving, and compliance by the Group may be time consuming and 
require the Group to incur significant costs. In particular, in recent years, regulators and other 
authorities have steadily increased their demands and expectations regarding financial institutions’ 
ability to counter money laundering and terrorist financing.  
Violations of anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including in connection with the allegations 
and investigations discussed below, may have significant financial, legal and reputational 
consequences for the Group and may, as a result, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group has been, and is in certain cases currently, under investigation by the SFSA, the EFSA, 
the Estonian state prosecutor’s office and U.S. authorities due to allegations that customers who 
may have been involved in money laundering transferred significant sums of money through the 
Group's Baltic subsidiaries. 
On March 19, 2020, the SFSA concluded that, during the period 2015 to the first quarter of 2019, 
Swedbank had large deficiencies in its governance of anti-money laundering measures in its Baltic 
subsidiaries. The SFSA also found that Swedbank had deficiencies in its Swedish Banking 
operations, and therefore has not met anti-money laundering requirements in its Swedish operations 
and that it did not sufficiently address the risk of money laundering in the Baltics. In addition, the 
SFSA noted that in their opinion, in some instances, Swedbank withheld documentation and 
information and, in one case, in March 2019, Swedbank also provided the SFSA with false 
information. The SFSA issued a warning to Swedbank and imposed an administrative fine of SEK 4 
billion, which Swedbank charged as an expense in the first quarter of 2020, for both the investigation 
regarding Swedish Banking anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing processes,

--- Page 36 ---
24 
 
 
initiated in 2018 and the investigation regarding Swedbank’s internal control and governance of anti-
money laundering measures in the Baltic operations, initiated in 2019.  
On the same day, the EFSA concluded that the Estonian subsidiary had severe deficiencies in its 
anti-money laundering risk control systems and the bank failed to meet its anti-money laundering 
requirements. The EFSA issued a precept requiring the Estonian subsidiary to take comprehensive 
measures to properly understand and mitigate past and current risks, in addition it must review and 
amend its organizational framework to more effectively manage risks. On November 19, 2020, 
Swedbank AS submitted a final report describing the actions taken to comply with the EFSA precept. 
On January 28, 2021, the EFSA determined that the activities of Swedbank AS and the evidence 
presented in the final report were adequate and that the matter did not require additional remarks. 
The EFSA is expected to follow up with implementation activities as part of its regular supervisory 
inspections. 
The issue of whether money laundering or other criminal acts took place in the Group is currently 
being investigated by the Estonian Prosecutor’s Office. If the Estonian Prosecutor’s Office finds 
evidence of money laundering or other criminal acts, it could charge individuals or Swedbank's 
Estonian subsidiary with criminal liability, which could include imprisonment for convicted individuals 
or a fine of up to EUR 16 million per conviction, though Swedbank does not have any information as 
to whether the Estonian subsidiary will be treated as a suspect in this case. Any additional fines or 
sanctions imposed on the Group could have an adverse impact on the Group’s business operations 
or reputation.  
In addition to the investigations regarding anti-money laundering controls, U.S. authorities are also 
investigating whether any crimes or fraud were committed in connection with Swedbank’s disclosure 
of information regarding anti-money laundering issues. The Group does not currently know when the 
investigations may be concluded, or whether any sanctions or penalties may be imposed.   
In addition, on March 11, 2020, Swedbank notified the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets 
Control (“OFAC”) of 586 (which figure was corrected to 540 in December 2020) transactions by the 
Baltic subsidiaries, amounting to approximately USD 4.8 million (which figure was corrected to 4.5 
million in December 2020), that constitute potential sanctions violations (based on the OFAC 
country-based sanctions list). OFAC penalties generally can include significant fines (USD 250,000 
or twice the amount of each underlying transaction up to USD 1,075,000 per violation) and potential 
jail time for culpable individuals.  
In addition, on September 18, 2020, Swedbank received notification from the SFSA that it was 
investigating Swedbank for suspected historical breaches of the regulation on market abuse 
(“MAR”). The investigation encompasses the period from September 20, 2018 to February 20, 2019 
and pertains to disclosure of insider information and the obligation to establish an insider list (Articles 
17 and 18) in connection with the disclosure of suspected money laundering within Swedbank. 
There can be no assurance that other authorities will not take similar actions against the Group, 
including the imposition of fines which may be significant and have an adverse effect on the Group's 
financial condition and results of operations. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Swedbank is 
not aware of when the investigations by other authorities may be concluded, or whether any 
additional sanctions or penalties may be imposed. For further details, please see “Swedbank—Legal 
Proceedings.”    
The Group’s independent auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (“PwC”), audited administration of 
the Board of Directors and the Managing Directors for the financial year 2019. PwC recommended 
that the shareholders not discharge the former CEO from liability based on the fact that the outcome 
of the various investigations is uncertain. As the Group may be subject to corporate fines or

--- Page 37 ---
25 
 
 
significant sanctions, PwC could not exclude the potential harm derived from the former CEO’s 
actions. For further details, please see “Swedbank—Legal Proceedings.” 
In February 2019, the Group hired an external law firm, Clifford Chance LLP, to lead an internal 
investigation to identify historical deficiencies in Swedbank’s anti-money laundering systems and 
controls from January 2007 through March 2019 and an assessment of potential non-compliance by 
Swedbank's Baltic subsidiaries or their customers with OFAC sanctions regulations. On March 23, 
2020, the Group announced the findings of the investigation, which have been published in a 
detailed report by Clifford Chance LLP on the investigation and its principal findings, and are 
summarized under “Swedbank—Legal Proceedings—Clifford Chance Investigation.” In respect to 
the investigation of the Group’s anti-money laundering systems and controls, Clifford Chance LLP 
concluded that the Group, throughout the period from January 2007 to March 2019 and to varying 
degrees across LC&I, Swedish Banking and Baltic Banking, had inadequate systems and controls to 
ensure proper management of anti-money laundering and economic sanctions risks from its 
customer base, thus exposing Swedbank and its Baltic subsidiaries to significant anti-money 
laundering and sanctions risk. The risk was most prevalent in the Baltic subsidiaries, primarily in 
Estonia from its high risk non-resident (“HRNR”) business. The investigation also found that 
Swedbank’s senior management historically failed to establish clear lines of anti-money laundering 
responsibilities, particularly as between the business and the Group’s compliance function.  
There can be no assurance that its Group-wide anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist 
financing and sanctions compliance policies and procedures will effectively prevent instances of 
money laundering or terrorism financing or breaches of applicable sanctions. Violations of anti-
money laundering or counter terrorist financing or sanction rules, including in connection with the 
allegations and investigations discussed above, may have severe financial, legal and reputational 
consequences for the Group. The Group has experienced a decline in customer satisfaction and 
trust in relation to reputational harm related to these investigations. If the Group is unable to 
successfully combat this, it may, as a result, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
2.4.2 
The Group’s guidelines and policies for risk management may prove to be inadequate with 
respect to unidentified and unforeseen risks. 
The management of business, regulatory and legal risks requires guidelines and policies for the 
accurate registration and control of a large number of transactions and events. Such guidelines and 
policies may not always be adequate. Some methods used by the Group to estimate, measure and 
manage risk are based on historical market behaviour. The methods may prove to be inadequate for 
predicting future risk exposure, which may differ from what is suggested by prior experience. Other 
methods for risk management are based on evaluation of information regarding markets, customers 
or other information that is publicly known or otherwise available to the Group. Such information has 
not always been, and may not always be, correct, updated or correctly evaluated and may be 
inadequate for the purpose of risk management. If any gaps in risk management exist, the Group 
may make decisions based on faulty information, which may in turn have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 38 ---
26 
 
 
2.4.3 
Conflicts of interest, whether actual or perceived, and non-compliance or fraudulent acts may 
negatively impact the Group. 
As the Group expands the scope of its businesses and its client base, the Group increasingly is 
required to implement policies on corporate governance on a Group-wide level and address potential 
conflicts of interest and compliance with applicable laws. However, appropriately identifying and 
dealing with conflicts of interest is complex, in part because internal breaches of policy can be 
difficult to discover. The Group is also subject to the potential risk of employee fraud. 
The Group’s reputation could be damaged and there may be a reluctance on the part of clients to 
enter into transactions where there is the possibility of a conflict, or if the Group is seen as failing to 
identify, or deal appropriately with, conflicts of interest or employee fraud.  
There is no assurance that the policies the Group has regarding conflicts of interest will prevent all 
instances of actual or perceived conflict, and any actual or perceived conflict of interest or fraud, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation and may, as a result, have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
2.5 
Risks Relating to Macro-economic and Political Events 
2.5.1 
The Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely 
affected by uncertainties about the strength of the Eurozone and other geopolitical risks. 
EU member states and public finances in Europe face many challenges, including those related to 
demographic and political trends.  The UK withdrew from the EU (“Brexit”) on January 31, 2020 and 
announced on December 24, 2020 that they had reached agreement on a draft EU-UK Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement (“TCA”) covering trade in goods and in services, digital trade, intellectual 
property, public procurement, aviation and road transport, energy, fisheries, social security 
coordination, law enforcement and judicial cooperation in criminal matters, thematic cooperation and 
participation in EU programmes. However, the TCA does not cover financial services, other than 
through a general undertaking to ensure the implementation and application of internationally agreed 
standards in the financial services sector for regulation and supervision, leaving the decisions of 
“equivalence” and “adequacy” to be determined by each side unilaterally in due course. The UK 
Parliament ratified the UK’s entry into, and implementation of, the TCA on December 30, 2020 
pursuant to the EU (Future Relationship) Act 2020. More broadly, the impact of Brexit on the 
economic outlook of the Eurozone and the UK, and associated global implications, remain uncertain, 
particularly in relation to the financial services sector. These developments may contribute to the 
loosening of the political ties within the EU and could negatively impact the European economy and 
increase volatility in the financial markets, which could impact political cooperation within the EU. 
Growing populism and rising criticism against the EU contributed to the sense that geopolitical risks 
in Europe remain an area of focus during 2021.  
Other geopolitical events, such as deteriorating trade relations, could result in volatility in oil prices 
and in turn negatively impact the global economy. In turn, sluggish global growth and declining world 
trade could have a dampening impact on Swedish export industries. For example, credit 
impairments increased in 2020, mainly due to increased provisions driven by the deteriorating 
macroeconomic outlook.  
As a result of the various global macroeconomic trends, such as uneven growth, the Group may 
experience reductions in business activity, increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, decreased 
access to the wholesale funding markets, decreased asset values, additional credit impairment 
losses and lower profitability and revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 39 ---
27 
 
 
For further detail, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Slowdown in Global Economic Growth and Other Macroeconomic Factors”. 
2.5.2 
The global coronavirus pandemic has led to significant volatility in financial, commodities 
and other markets and could harm the business and results of operations of the Group. 
An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (“COVID-19”), which first emerged in China in late 
December 2019, has since spread to other parts of the world including Sweden and other markets. 
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 to be a pandemic. Given the 
ongoing and dynamic nature of the circumstances, it is difficult to predict the impact of the 
coronavirus pandemic on the Group’s business. The impact to date has included a sharp decline in 
consumption and travel and disruption in global supply chains, which in combination with general 
uncertainty regarding the evolution and resolution of the pandemic, has resulted in significant 
volatility in financial, commodities and other markets and substantial harm to the global economy.  
In addition, measures by various governments to reduce the spread of COVID-19 have led to a 
sharp decline in economic activity, resulting in the closure of a number of companies and rising 
unemployment. According to the International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) World Economic Outlook 
(January 2021), global GDP is expected to have decreased by 3.5 per cent for 2020 as a result of 
the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19, which is 6.8 percentage points lower 
than pre-COVID-19 projections from January 2020. The forecast was revised upward compared to 
the IMF forecasts from June and October, when the global growth for 2020 was expected to decline 
by 4.9 per cent and 4.4 per cent, respectively. The pandemic significantly reduced economic growth 
in 2020. In Sweden, the pandemic as well as restrictions imposed by government authorities had the 
largest impact on GDP in the second quarter, resulting in an 8 per cent contraction compared to the 
first quarter. In the third quarter, GDP rebounded strongly by 5.0 per cent compared with the 
previous quarter, driven by expansive fiscal and monetary policy and a recovery in global growth, as 
economies around the world began to scale back restrictions and open borders. Overall in 2020, 
Swedish GDP is estimated to have decreased by 3.0 per cent in annual terms, and is expected to 
grow by 3.2 per cent in 2021, according to the Swedbank Economic Outlook from January 2021. 
While the Baltics have also been impacted by the pandemic, the economic impact there has been 
less severe than in the rest of the Eurozone. In Latvia and Estonia, GDP contracted on average by 
4.5 per cent and 3.2 per cent, respectively, during the first three quarters in 2020 compared to the 
previous year. In Lithuania GDP decreased by 0.8 per cent during the same period. 
The COVID-19 outbreak could become more severe and result in a more widespread health crisis, 
which, in combination with the financial consequences for corporations and individuals due to the 
various pandemic containment measures undertaken by governments, including lockdowns, may in 
turn result in protracted volatility in international markets and/or result in a deeper and extended 
global recession as a consequence of disruptions to nearly all economic sectors. This volatility, if it 
continues, or the global contraction in economic activity could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s customers and on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The measures Swedbank has taken to support its customers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
such as allowing amortisation deferrals for private and corporate customers, could have a significant 
effect on the Group’s cash flows and liquidity. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Recent Developments”. If business clients 
(particularly the Group’s corporate customers in the retail, tourism and service industries, as well as 
oil-related sectors) or homeowners are unable to repay their loans due to the effects of the 
pandemic, this could increase default rates and result in increased credit impairments.  
The financial strains caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have been and are expected to continue to 
be extensive in the Group’s home markets, and deteriorating macroeconomic conditions have led to

--- Page 40 ---
28 
 
 
an increase, and will likely lead to further increases, in the Group’s credit impairments. The situation 
caused by COVID-19 is unique and difficult to assess.  
In 2020, Swedbank’s credit impairments amounted to SEK 4,334 million (SEK 1,469 million in 2019). 
Swedbank updated the forward-looking scenarios for its various credit portfolios in the first two 
quarters of 2020, but because macroeconomic forecasts now assume a more positive scenario, the 
relevant provisions have been reduced. The deterioration of macroeconomic indicators that typically 
contribute to credit risk and losses – such as GDP growth, housing and property prices, 
unemployment, oil prices and interest rates – has not yet resulted in a similar increase in credit 
losses or default rates which has historically been observed in similar economic shocks. 
Government and regulatory support measures and guidance on the treatment of customer impacts 
(for example, forbearance and payment moratoria) have significantly suppressed the impacts of 
COVID-19 in the short-term and there is a risk that credit quality may start to deteriorate as such 
measures are phased out in future periods. Quantitative risk models do not capture these 
complexities, nor do they capture the continued uncertainty around further COVID-19 outbreaks, 
which increased in frequency during the fourth quarter of 2020 and could further delay the overall 
economic recovery. Consequently, as the relevant models may not appropriately incorporate these 
dynamics, post-model adjustments to the credit impairment provisions were, and may in the future 
be, deemed necessary. The post-model expert credit adjustment that was recognised in the third 
quarter of 2020 was reviewed and retained but reallocated to more significantly affected industry 
segments. Total post-model expert adjustments in 2020 amounted to SEK 1,533 million. 
The COVID-19 pandemic, combined with worsening labour market conditions, was expected to have 
an adverse effect on the Swedish housing market and housing prices. However, as reported in the 
Valueguard-KTH Housing Index Sweden, while housing prices fell slightly in April, they increased 
throughout the rest of the year, mainly for single-family homes, supported by lower interest rates and 
increased demand for larger living space due to the prevalence of remote working arrangements. In 
December 2020, housing prices were 10 per cent higher than in December 2019. The commercial 
real estate market was initially negatively affected by COVID-19 due to concerns about the financial 
markets, but recovered by the end of 2020. Economic contraction is expected to slow growth in 
rental levels and property values, depending on location and type of property. Property owners who 
are dependent on tenants in the retail, hotel, restaurant and leisure sectors risk lower rental income 
due to renegotiations and bankruptcies. Depending on the length and depth of the expected 
recession, other parts of the real estate sector could be affected as well, all of which could adversely 
affect borrowers’ ability to repay their loans. In addition, changed work patterns, such as increased 
remote work, may affect the real estate market. 
The extent of the impacts resulting from COVID-19 and other events beyond the Group’s control will 
depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new 
information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions 
taken to contain COVID-19 or its impact, among others. Any of these factors could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The spread of COVID-19 has led the Group to modify its business practices, including the imposition 
of restrictions on employee travel and changes to working locations. The Group has also increased 
its efforts to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on its customers, which has led to rising 
costs.  
The Group may take further actions required by authorities or that it determines are in the best 
interests of its employees, customers, partners or suppliers. There is no certainty that such 
measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by COVID-19, and the implementation of such 
measures (or their insufficiency) could harm the Group’s ability to perform critical functions. The 
unavailability of staff could adversely impact the quality and continuity of service to customers and

--- Page 41 ---
29 
 
 
the reputation of the Group. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations in addition to those described above. 
2.5.3 
Worsening economic conditions in the Group’s home markets may adversely impact the 
Group.  
The Group’s performance is significantly influenced by the general economic conditions in the 
countries in which it operates, in particular its home markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and 
Lithuania, and, to a lesser degree, Norway. Economic volatility in the Group’s home markets have 
varied in the past, and this has had a material impact on the Group’s financial business condition 
and results of operations, such as when the Baltics entered recession in 2009 or the current impact 
of COVID-19.  
Future volatility or downturn in the economies of Group’s home markets could result in increased 
default rates in the Group and/or decreased lending activity which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s financial business condition and results of operations. 
2.5.4 
The Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations have been and may 
continue to be adversely affected by fluctuations in the global financial markets. 
The global capital and credit markets have been characterised by volatility and disruption in recent 
years. As seen during and after the financial crisis in 2008, this resulted in liquidity constraints and 
other problems at many of the world’s largest commercial banks, investment banks and insurance 
companies, a number of which are the Group’s counterparties or customers in the ordinary course of 
its business. These conditions also resulted in a material reduction in the availability of financing, 
both for the Group as well as other financial institutions and their customers. If similar events occur, 
which have similar effects on financial markets, the Group may experience reductions in business 
activity, increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, decreased asset values, additional credit 
impairment losses and lower profitability and revenues. In addition, the Group may be adversely 
affected by the effects of the recent COVID-19 outbreak, particularly a slowing in global economic 
activity and significant volatility in financial markets. Any of the foregoing factors could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.5.5 
The Group’s business is subject to substantial regulation and supervision and can be 
adversely affected by adverse regulatory, taxation and governmental developments. 
The Group conducts its businesses subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, 
including the effects of changes in the laws, regulations, policies, voluntary codes of practice and 
interpretations in Sweden and the other countries in which the Group operates. This is particularly 
the case in the current market environment, which is experiencing increased levels of government 
and regulatory intervention in the financial sector, which the Group expects to continue for the 
foreseeable future. Swedbank is subject to supervision by the SFSA and to Swedish regulations 
regarding, among other things, capital adequacy, liquidity and solvency (see “Regulatory 
Considerations—Banking Regulation and Supervision in Sweden”). Certain of the Group’s 
subsidiaries and operations are subject to supervision of other local supervisory authorities. In 
Sweden and elsewhere, there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of financial and mortgage 
institutions. Increased regulatory intervention may lead to requests from regulators to carry out wide 
ranging reviews of past sales and/or sales practices. 
The Group’s activities are also subject to tax at various rates in the jurisdictions in which it operates, 
computed in accordance with local legislation and practice. Revisions to tax legislation, such as a 
proposal by the Swedish government relating to increased taxes on banks or to such legislation’s 
interpretation may have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition. Future changes in

--- Page 42 ---
30 
 
 
regulation, fiscal or other policies are unpredictable and beyond the control of the Group and could 
materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. For 
example, in late 2020, the Swedish government proposed a “risk tax” for credit institutions applicable 
from January 1, 2022 (6 basis points during 2022 and 7 basis points thereafter). Institutions subject 
to the risk tax include credit institutions with total liabilities exceeding SEK 150 billion in domestic 
activities. The expected tax revenue for the Swedish state is SEK 6 billion per year (and SEK 5 
billion in 2022) and would in practice, if implemented, be split among the major Swedish banks. The 
final proposal for the law is expected to be published in June 2021; however, it is uncertain whether 
the proposal will be implemented. 
The Group’s operations are contingent upon licenses issued by financial authorities in the countries 
in which the Group operates. Violations of rules and regulations, whether intentional or unintentional, 
may lead to the withdrawal of some of the Group’s licenses. Furthermore, any breach of these or 
other regulations may adversely affect the Group’s reputation, business, results of operations or 
financial condition. 
Other regulations that have been implemented recently, including the GDPR, has resulted in new 
demands on operational processes, systems and resources. The Group is unable to predict what 
regulatory changes may be imposed in the future as a result of regulatory initiatives in the EU and 
elsewhere or by the SFSA and other supervisory authorities. If the Group is required to make 
additional provisions or to increase its reserves as a result of potential regulatory changes, this could 
adversely affect the results of operations of the Group. In addition, failure by the Group to comply 
with regulatory requirements could result in significant penalties. 
2.5.6 
The full scope and consequences of new derivatives and other financial regulations are as 
yet unknown and may impose additional regulatory burdens and costs that may affect the 
value of the Notes. 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation 648/2012 (“EMIR”) entered into force in all EU 
member states, including Sweden, on August 16, 2012. EMIR aims to increase stability and 
transparency in European OTC derivatives markets and includes measures to require the clearing of 
certain OTC derivatives contracts through central clearing counterparties, reporting of derivatives 
and risk mitigation techniques (including margin requirements) for uncleared OTC derivative 
contracts. A number of EMIR implementing measures have already been adopted and EMIR was 
amended in 2019 by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/834 (the “EMIR Refit”) but there may be further 
changes introduced by way of further implementing measures (such as a requirement to clear further 
classes of OTC derivative contracts) and also EMIR itself is scheduled to be further updated. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the regulatory changes arising from EMIR and its update 
could significantly increase the cost for Swedbank of entering into or taking any other action in 
relation to derivative contracts and may adversely affect the value and return on the Notes. 
In the United States, passage of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
of 2010 (the “Dodd Frank Act”) has led to significant regulatory reforms affecting the financial 
services industry, including non U.S. banks. Among other things, the Dodd Frank Act addresses 
systemic risk oversight, bank capital standards, the orderly liquidation of failing systemically 
important financial institutions, over the counter (“OTC”) derivatives, increases oversight of credit 
rating agencies and regulates the ability of banking entities to engage as principal in proprietary 
trading activities and sponsor and invest in certain private funds (the “Volcker Rule”). The Dodd 
Frank Act and other post financial crisis regulatory reforms in the United States have increased 
costs, imposed limitations on activities, and resulted in an increased intensity in regulatory 
enforcement. See “Regulatory Considerations—Banking Regulation and Supervision in the United 
States”.

--- Page 43 ---
31 
 
 
In addition, Title VII of the Dodd Frank Act (“Title VII”), as well as other post financial crisis regulatory 
reforms in the U.S., have increased costs, imposed limitations on activities and resulted in an 
increased intensity in regulatory enforcement. Title VII established a comprehensive U.S. regulatory 
regime for derivatives, contracts, including swaps, security based swaps and mixed swaps. As these 
requirements have been implemented and continue to go into effect, it is clear that these new 
regulations could adversely affect the value, availability and performance of certain derivatives 
instruments and may result in additional costs and restrictions with respect to the use of those 
instruments. See “Regulatory Considerations—Banking Regulation and Supervision in the United 
States”. Swedbank’s use of derivative instruments may be subject to the clearing, capital, margin, 
business conduct, reporting and/or recordkeeping requirements of Title VII or other related 
regulatory reforms, that may result in additional regulatory burdens and related costs and expenses. 
2.5.7 
Governmental responses to market disruptions may be inadequate and may have unintended 
consequences. 
The Group has no control over governmental policy changes or over changes in the interpretation of 
fiscal legislation by any tax authority. Measures taken by various European governments to stimulate 
the economy and support the banking system in the event of another economic downturn may lead 
to an increase in its tax burden or to a reduction in tax benefits. Significant changes in governmental 
policy responses in Sweden or in the other countries where the Group operates, or difficulties in 
implementing such responses or with the type and effectiveness of the impact of such responses, 
could have an adverse impact on the activity, financial situation and operating results of the Group. 
The Group may have to enter into future contractual arrangements by operation of law or necessity 
under which the Swedish government may have the right to take possession over the Group or part 
of it or its assets. In such instance of government takeover, the value of the Group or its assets could 
be considered to be limited and the Group may not receive adequate compensation, which could 
therefore significantly reduce its assets. 
The Group may be adversely affected by governmental responses to market disruptions in the 
countries in which it operates. As a result of the financial crisis in 2008 and subsequent government 
intervention, there has been and is expected to continue to be a substantial increase in 
governmental policy responses to market disruptions, including changes in monetary and interest 
rate policies. The zero or negative interest rate policy implemented by central banks, which may be 
prolonged due to the current pandemic-related economic volatility, may have a negative impact on 
the Group’s net interest income. Additional governmental policy responses to prevent future crises 
may have both intended and unintended consequences for the Group. Recent examples of such 
measures include the introduction by the SFSA of amortisation requirements for borrowers of new 
mortgage loans in 2016 and 2018 and the risk weight floor for commercial real estate exposures in 
2020. In addition, prudential regulations such as increased capital and liquidity requirements as 
discussed in “Regulatory Considerations—Banking Regulation and Supervision in Sweden” may 
impact the Group’s profitability.   
2.6 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
2.6.1 
Risks Relating to the Market 
2.6.1.1 The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for 
example, the Notes may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market for the Notes does 
develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the

--- Page 44 ---
32 
 
 
case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to 
be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency and market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies 
or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes would generally have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of the Notes. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable 
securities laws and they are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfer thereof as 
set forth under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” below. 
2.6.1.2 A lack of liquidity in the secondary market may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
Generally weak global credit market conditions could contribute to a lack of liquidity in the secondary 
market for instruments similar to the Notes.  
A failure of the market for securities similar to the Notes to recover from these conditions could 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
2.6.1.3 Exchange rates may change and authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
2.6.1.4 Adverse effects may occur if the interest rate payable on assets and liabilities for a fixed period do 
not coincide. 
Interest rate risk occurs when the interest rate payable on assets and liabilities for a fixed period do 
not coincide. Investments in Notes with fixed interest involve a risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of fixed interest Notes. Investments in Notes 
with floating interest involve a risk of adverse changes in the interest rate payable on such Notes. 
2.6.1.5 Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
The Senior Preferred Notes are expected to be assigned the following ratings: A+ (Senior Preferred 
Notes with a maturity of more than one year) and A-1 (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of less 
than one year) by Standard & Poor’s; Aa3 (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of more than one 
year) and P-1 (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of less than one year) by Moody’s; and AA-

--- Page 45 ---
33 
 
 
(Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of more than one year) and F1+ (Senior Preferred Notes with 
a maturity of less than one year) by Fitch. The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are expected to be 
assigned the following ratings: A- by Standard & Poor’s; Baa1 by Moody’s; and A+ by Fitch. There is 
no guarantee that such ratings will be assigned or maintained or that such credit ratings reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to an investment in the relevant Notes. Rating agencies may 
change their rating methodologies, which could lead to a change in the credit ratings assigned to the 
relevant Notes. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant 
Notes and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. Any 
such revision, suspension or withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the relevant 
Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA- registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant non-EEA rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case 
of ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a non-UK credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) 
the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended; and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the 
case of non-UK ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates 
continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant 
conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary 
market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the front cover 
of this Base Prospectus and under “Ratings” on page 139 of this Base Prospectus and if a Tranche 
of Notes is rated such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
2.6.1.6 Judgments based on the U.S. federal securities laws may not be enforceable in Sweden, and 
English law judgments may not be directly enforceable in Sweden. 
The United States and Sweden do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition 
and enforcement of judgments rendered in connection with civil and commercial disputes. As a 
result, a final judgment for the payment of damages based on civil liability rendered by a U.S. court, 
whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, may not be 
enforceable in Sweden. If the party in whose favour the final judgment is rendered brings a new suit 
in a competent Swedish court, the party may submit to the Swedish court the final judgment that has 
been rendered by the U.S. court. Such judgment will only be regarded by a Swedish court as

--- Page 46 ---
34 
 
 
evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which the judgment relates, and a Swedish court may 
choose to rehear the dispute ab initio. 
Furthermore, following the end of the transition period for the withdrawal of the UK from the EU on 
December 31, 2020, a judgment rendered against the Issuer in the courts of England would not be 
directly enforceable in Sweden. Instead, proceedings ab initio may have to be commenced against 
the Issuer in the Swedish courts. As a result, there is currently lack of clarity on enforcement of 
English law judgments against the Issuer in Sweden.  
2.6.2 
General Risks Relating to Notes 
2.6.2.1 The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed permit defined majorities to bind all 
holders of the relevant Notes and permit the Trustee to make certain decisions without the consent 
of the holders of the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed contain provisions for convening 
meetings of holders of the relevant Notes to consider any matter affecting their interests generally. 
These provisions differ from the customary provisions prevailing in the United States and permit 
defined majorities to bind all holders of the relevant Notes including holders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting and holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may agree, without the 
consent of the holders of the Notes and without regard to the interests of particular holders of the 
Notes, to (i) any modification of any provision of the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error and (ii) any other modification 
(except as mentioned in the Trust Deed) and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach, of any provision of the Terms and Conditions or the Trust Deed which is, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders. 
In addition, the Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, without the consent 
of the Holders, to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or of any previously 
substituted company as principal debtor under the Notes, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 12(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and provided always that the Trustee is 
satisfied that the interests of the Holders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution. 
2.6.2.2 No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change of law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law (except that the provisions in 
the Notes under Condition 3 and Clause 3 of the Trust Deed are governed by Swedish law) in effect 
as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to English law, Swedish law or English or Swedish 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
2.6.2.3 It is possible that Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount may be traded in 
amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified

--- Page 47 ---
35 
 
 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a 
case a Holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system would not be able 
to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of such Notes such 
that its holding amounts to (at least) a Specified Denomination. Further, a Holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Bearer 
Note in respect of such holding (should such Definitive Bearer Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to (at least) a Specified 
Denomination. 
If Definitive Bearer Notes are issued, Holders should be aware that Definitive Bearer Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
2.6.2.4 A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes.  
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that 
may be deposited with a custodian for DTC or a common depositary or common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each Global 
Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant 
clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation 
under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its 
participants to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
2.6.2.5 Differences between the Notes and bank deposits. 
An investment in the Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit. However, an 
investment in the Notes carries risks which are very different from the risks associated with a bank 
deposit, with the higher yield of the Notes generally attributable to the greater risks associated with 
investment in the Notes.  
The Notes are expected to be less liquid than bank deposits. Bank deposits are generally repayable 
on demand, or with notice from the depositors, whereas holders of the Notes have no ability to 
require early repayment of their investment other than upon the occurrence of an applicable Event of 
Default (see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 6”). Furthermore, although the Notes 
are transferable, the Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may 
never develop. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Notes – Risks Relating to the Market – The 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop”.

--- Page 48 ---
36 
 
 
2.6.2.6 The Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into ordinary shares of Swedbank. 
Under the terms of the BRRD, any application of the general bail-in tool or non-viability loss 
absorption is to be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. 
Accordingly, the impact of such application on Holders of Notes will depend on their ranking in 
accordance with such hierarchy at the relevant time, including any priority given to other creditors 
such as depositors.  
To the extent any resulting treatment of Holders pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool 
or, once BRRD II is implemented, non-viability loss absorption in combination with a resolution 
power, is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency 
proceedings, a Holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent 
valuation of the relevant entity (which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off safeguard” under 
the BRRD). Any such compensation is unlikely to compensate that Holder for the losses it has 
actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. 
Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts 
may otherwise have been due under the Notes. 
Any shares issued to holders of capital instruments upon a conversion into equity following any non-
viability loss absorption or bail-in may be subject to future cancellation, transfer or dilution.  
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders may be subject to the 
application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption (in combination with another 
resolution tool), which may result in the Holders losing some or all of their investment. Such 
application could also involve modifications to or the disapplication of provisions in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, including alteration of the principal amount or any interest payable on the 
Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the 
suspension of payments for a certain period. As a result, the exercise of the bail-in power or any 
resolution tools, or any suggestion of such exercise, could materially adversely affect the rights of 
Holders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes.   
2.6.3 
Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain 
of those features: 
2.6.3.1 The qualification of the Notes as “eligible liabilities” is subject to uncertainty. 
The Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities which are available to meet any MREL 
Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL Regulations then applicable) of the 
Issuer and the Group. However, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Notes will be (or 
thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that a MREL Disqualification 
Event may occur. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to 
Condition 5(i), (i) where the applicable Final Terms specifies Condition 5(h) to be applicable, redeem 
all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of Notes and (ii) where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies Condition 5(j) to be applicable, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of 
Notes for, or vary the terms of such Series of Notes and/or the terms of the Trust Deed so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or, as the case may be,

--- Page 49 ---
37 
 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Structure of a 
Particular Issue of Notes – The Issuer may redeem Notes prior to maturity” and “Risk Factors – 
Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes – In certain circumstances, the Issuer 
can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes” for a description of the risks related to an early 
redemption of Notes or the substitution or variation, as the case may be, of Notes.  
2.6.3.2 The Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer. As provided under Condition 3(b)(ii), the rights of the Holders of any Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes shall rank (i) junior in right of payment to the claims of depositors and other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; (ii) at least 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; and (iii) senior to holders of all 
classes of ordinary shares of the Issuer and any subordinated obligations or other securities of the 
Issuer which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities of the Issuer. If, on a liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs), the assets of 
the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-ranking creditors in 
full, the Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking 
creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims arising under its obligations 
in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose some (which 
may be substantially all) of their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes 
which benefit from a preferential ranking, there is a risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
2.6.3.3 If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and 
any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, 
such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Holders. Where 
the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on 
other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the 
relevant Notes. 
2.6.3.4 Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the relevant Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the 
relevant First Reset Date. On the relevant First Reset Date, the relevant Second Reset Date (if 
applicable) and each relevant Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be 
reset to the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant First Margin or relevant 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset 
Rate for any relevant Reset Period could be less than the relevant Initial Rate of Interest or the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Reset Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
38 
 
 
2.6.3.5 Market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
2.6.3.6 Events of Default.  
The only Events of Default in relation to the Notes are set out in Condition 6. If a Note has been 
declared due and payable under Condition 6, the Trustee may institute such steps, including the 
obtaining of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the relevant Notes, as it 
thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into 
liquidation (Sw: likvidation) but not otherwise and, consequently, if any Notes become due and 
payable under Condition 6, the Issuer shall, with the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such 
consent is required), only be required to make such payment after it has been declared bankrupt 
(Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation). 
2.6.3.7 The Issuer may redeem Notes prior to maturity in certain circumstances. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Issuer Call is applicable, the Issuer may on any 
Optional Redemption Date, at its option, redeem all, or some only, of the relevant Notes at their 
Optional Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
The Issuer may at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if 
such consent is required), redeem the relevant Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax 
Event at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
In addition to the above, where the applicable Final Terms specify that a Tax Event Call is 
applicable, the Issuer may, in certain circumstances and at its option, but in each case subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), redeem all (but 
not some only) of the relevant Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Event at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that Condition 5(h) is applicable, the Issuer may, at its 
option, but in each case subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such 
consent is required), redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes upon the occurrence of a 
MREL Disqualification Event at their principal amount or the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes pursuant to the relevant option (or during any period when it is 
perceived that the Issuer may be able to redeem Notes pursuant to the relevant option), the market 
value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may consider it favourable to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being

--- Page 51 ---
39 
 
 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
2.6.3.8 Redemption of the Notes is subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is 
required) and Holders have no right to request the redemption of the Notes. 
The Notes may contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them after a minimum period as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or even earlier than such specified date (and at any time) 
upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a MREL Disqualification Event. If 
the Issuer considers it favourable to exercise any such call option, the Issuer must first obtain the 
prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required). 
Holders of Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of their Notes and should not invest in 
Notes in the expectation that any applicable call right will be exercised by the Issuer. In order for 
Notes to be redeemed, the Relevant Regulator must first, in its discretion, agree to permit such a 
call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain other 
factors at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such 
a call or that the Issuer will exercise such a call.  
Holders of Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in such Notes for a period of time beyond any optional redemption date which could 
affect the market value of an investment in the Notes. 
2.6.3.9 In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 5(j) applies, if at any time (i) a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs; (ii) a Withholding Tax Event occurs; (iii) where “Tax Event Call” is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Tax Event occurs; or (iv) in order to ensure 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f), the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior 
consent (if such consent is required) of the Relevant Regulator (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the relevant Holders or, subject as provided in Condition 5(j), the Trustee) 
either substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant 
Notes and/or the terms of the Trust Deed so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, or in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities, as further provided in Condition 5(j). 
The terms and conditions of such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, as the case may be, may have terms and conditions that contain one or more 
provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, provided that the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or 
the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. No assurance can be given as to whether any changes to the 
terms of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes will negatively affect any particular 
Holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be different for some categories of 
Holders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation.  
2.6.3.10 
No limitation on issuing debt 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt which the Issuer may issue which ranks senior to any 
class of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or on the amount of securities which the Issuer may issue

--- Page 52 ---
40 
 
 
which ranks pari passu with any class of Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a result this may reduce 
the amount recoverable by Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes on the bankruptcy or any 
liquidation of the Issuer. 
2.6.3.11 
No right of set-off or counterclaim. 
No Holder who in the event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the 
Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim 
against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes (including any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if any are payable) held by 
such Holder. 
2.6.3.12 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, 
there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an 
investor 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the 
Issuer’s intention to apply the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and 
activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes ("Green Projects" and 
Notes issued thereunder to be “Green Bonds”). Prospective investors should have regard to the 
information in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of 
proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in such Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. Neither Swedbank nor the Dealers make any assurance or representation as to whether 
any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, or the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Projects). Furthermore, it should 
be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” 
or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. In addition, the Swedbank Green Bond Framework 
(as defined below) is subject to change in all respects at any time without notice. Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses that are the subject of, or related 
to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU 
Taxonomy)) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. Any Green 
Bonds may be subject to the application of the general bail-in tool and other resolution tools; see 
“Risk Factors – General Risks Relating to Notes - The Notes may be subject to write-down or 
conversion into ordinary shares of Swedbank” for further information. 
Neither Swedbank nor the Dealers make any assurance or representation as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Notes, the Swedbank Green Bond Framework generally, or any Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a

--- Page 53 ---
41 
 
 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green 
Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green 
Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or substantially in, 
the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) that are the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for 
the specified Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related 
to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any 
Green Projects will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Green Bonds; (ii) create 
an obligation for the Issuer to redeem the relevant Green Bonds; (iii) create an option for the Holders 
to redeem the relevant Green Bonds; (iv) compromise the ability of the relevant Green Bonds to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, or (v) create an incentive to redeem. Any such event or failure to 
apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any Green Projects as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the 
Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on 
any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are 
intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
2.6.3.13 
There are risks that certain reference rates may be administered differently or discontinued 
in the future, including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely affect the 
trading market for, value of and return on, Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes based on such 
reference rates. 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other reference rates which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject 
of recent international, national and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may

--- Page 54 ---
42 
 
 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past or disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences that cannot be predicted as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Certain risks relating 
to such benchmarks are described below. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non- EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on (i) any Floating Rate Note which specifies Screen Rate Determination in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined or (ii) any 
Reset Note, in each case where the applicable Original Reference Rate is deemed to be a 
benchmark, particularly if the methodology or other terms of such benchmark are changed in order 
to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as 
a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes linked to a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation 
reforms and investigations in making any investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes linked to a benchmark. 
Discontinuation of benchmarks 
LIBOR is the subject of ongoing regulatory reforms. Following the implementation of any of these 
reforms, the manner of administration of LIBOR may change, with the result that it may perform 
differently than in the past or be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences that 
cannot be predicted. The FCA has indicated through a series of announcements that the 
continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. At this 
time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any establishment of alternative reference rates or any 
other reforms to LIBOR that may be enacted in the United Kingdom or elsewhere. Uncertainty as to

--- Page 55 ---
43 
 
 
the nature of such alternative reference rates or other reforms may adversely affect the trading 
market for LIBOR-linked securities or the value of, or return on, such securities.  
In June 2017, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the 
“ARRC”) announced the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) as its recommended 
alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. However, the composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the 
same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR. SOFR is a broad Treasury repo financing rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions and is not the economic equivalent of U.S. dollar LIBOR. 
While SOFR is a secured rate, U.S. dollar LIBOR is an unsecured rate. And, while SOFR is currently 
only an overnight rate, U.S. dollar LIBOR is a forwardlooking rate that represents interbank funding 
for a specified term. 
As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as U.S. dollar 
LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and 
yield rates in the market, bank credit risk, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, 
political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For the same reasons, SOFR is not expected to be a 
comparable replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR.  
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles 
indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without 
robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as LIBOR, EURIBOR and other reference rates which 
are deemed to be “benchmarks”, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the 
manner of administration of a benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-
linked securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest payments that are lower 
than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on 
those securities if the relevant benchmark was available in its current form. 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation - Independent Adviser” is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms for a Floating Rate Note or Reset Note, in the event that the Issuer determines a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate. If any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in 
such manner and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate and/or Alternative Rate or any Adjustment Spread, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Holders, vary the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer to be applied to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The Adjustment Spread is (i) the 
spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (which may

--- Page 56 ---
44 
 
 
include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate, or (iii) if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the 
relevant Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they 
would do if LIBOR or the relevant Original Reference Rate (as applicable) were to continue to apply 
in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may 
nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, it may still determine (i) the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate; and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark 
Amendments itself (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). If a Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or any Benchmark Amendment is not determined 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, other fallback provisions under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes may be required to be used, which may in certain circumstances result in the 
Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period continuing to apply at the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, resulting in the relevant Floating Rate Notes or 
Reset Notes becoming, in effect, fixed rate securities (potentially until the relevant maturity date of 
the Notes depending on whether (i) the Issuer exercises its option to re-apply the fallback provisions 
contained in Condition 4(e) and (ii) (if such fallback provisions are re-applied) a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate is determined pursuant to Condition 4(e). Even if a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (if any) are determined 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the overall Rate of Interest payable on the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be less than it would have been had no 
Benchmark Event occurred.  
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC LIBOR 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. Dollars and the Reference Rate is specified as LIBOR in the 
applicable Final Terms and (ii) “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC LIBOR” is also specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Note, and the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Issuer will 
determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions 
described in Condition 4(f). After such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer be 
determined by reference to the Benchmark, but instead will be determined by reference to the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections made by 
the Issuer in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant 
Notes in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions, including with respect to Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, could adversely affect the rate of interest on such Notes, which 
could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for such Notes. Further, there is no 
assurance that the characteristics of any Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the Benchmark, 
or that any Benchmark Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of the Benchmark as a 
reference rate for interest on such Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
45 
 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as further described in Condition 4(f), provides for a 
“waterfall” of alternative rates to be used to determine the rate of interest on the relevant Notes if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date occur. The first alternative 
rate in the waterfall is Term SOFR, a forward-looking rate which will be based on SOFR. However, 
Term SOFR does not exist as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and there is no guarantee that 
Term SOFR will exist prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement 
Date. Even if Term SOFR is developed, it is unclear whether it will be a suitable replacement or 
successor for U.S. dollar LIBOR. Assuming Term SOFR does not exist at the time of a Benchmark 
Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date, the second alternative rate in the 
waterfall is Compounded SOFR. Compounded SOFR is the compounded average of daily SOFR 
rates that is expected to be calculated in arrears, while U.S. dollar LIBOR is a forward-looking rate. 
However, there currently is no uniform market convention with respect to the calculation of 
Compounded SOFR. Uncertainty surrounding the establishment of market conventions related to the 
calculation of Term SOFR and Compounded SOFR and whether either alternative reference rate is a 
suitable replacement or successor for U.S. dollar LIBOR may adversely affect the value of and return 
on the relevant Notes. 
The additional alternative rates referenced in the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” in Condition 
4(f) also are uncertain. In particular, the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the 
ISDA Definitions at the time of a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement 
Date, has not been established as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Even after the ISDA Fallback 
Rate is initially determined, ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time. If 
each alternative rate referenced in the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” is unavailable or 
indeterminable, the Issuer will determine the Benchmark Replacement that will apply to the relevant 
Notes. The substitution of a Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR may adversely affect the 
value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC LIBOR - Risks relating to SOFR 
The first alternative rate in the waterfall described in Condition 4(f) is Term SOFR, a forward-looking 
rate which will be based on SOFR.  
The publication of SOFR began in April 2018, and, therefore, it has a very limited history. In addition, 
the future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on the limited historical performance. 
Levels of SOFR following the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. 
Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR, such 
as correlations, may change in the future. While, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, some pre-
publication historical data have been released by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the 
“FRBNY”), such analysis inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. The future 
performance of SOFR is impossible to predict and therefore no future performance of SOFR may be 
inferred from any of the historical actual or historical indicative data. Hypothetical or historical 
performance data are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR. 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as, for example, U.S. dollar LIBOR, 
during corresponding periods, and SOFR may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or 
historical indicative data. In addition, although changes in Term SOFR and Compounded SOFR 
generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on and 
value of the relevant Notes may fluctuate more than other securities that are linked to less volatile 
rates.

--- Page 58 ---
46 
 
 
According to the ARRC, SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other 
financial contracts as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good 
representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement 
market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not 
measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-
term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR a 
suitable replacement or successor for all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar LIBOR historically has 
been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding 
costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. Any failure of SOFR to gain 
market acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value of the relevant Notes and the price 
at which investors can sell such Notes in the secondary market. 
If SOFR does not prove to be widely used as a benchmark in securities that are similar or 
comparable to the relevant Notes, the trading price of such Notes may be lower than those of 
securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. Similarly, market terms for securities 
that are linked to SOFR, including, but not limited to, the spread over the reference rate reflected in 
the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and as a result, trading prices of the relevant 
Notes may be lower than those of later-issued securities that are based on SOFR. Investors in such 
Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
SOFR is a relatively new rate, and the FRBNY (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may 
make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes 
related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions 
used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR 
is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on 
the relevant Notes, which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. The administrator of 
SOFR may withdraw, modify, amend, suspend or discontinue the calculation or dissemination of 
SOFR in its sole discretion and without notice and has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Holders in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or discontinuing SOFR. 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. Dollars and the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in 
the applicable Final Terms and (ii) “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR” is also specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Note, and the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Issuer will 
determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the benchmark transition provisions 
described in Condition 4(g). After such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer be 
determined by reference to the Benchmark, but instead will be determined by reference to the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the relevant 
Notes by reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment), any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
and any other determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the terms of such 
Notes in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, could adversely affect the value of such 
Notes, the return on such Notes and the price at which such Notes can be sold. Any Benchmark 
Replacement will likely be a relatively new market index that may be altered or discontinued. 
Benchmark Discontinuation – general

--- Page 59 ---
47 
 
 
In the case of any Notes where “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser”, “Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC LIBOR” or “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR”, as the case may 
be, is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may make certain 
determinations with respect to the relevant Notes as further described in Condition 4(e), Condition 
4(f) or Condition 4(g), as the case may be, that may adversely affect the value of and return on the 
such Notes. Moreover, certain determinations may require the exercise of discretion and the making 
of subjective judgments, such as, in the case of any relevant Notes where “Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC LIBOR” or “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR” is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to the Benchmark Replacement or the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to the benchmark transition provisions set forth in this Base Prospectus will become 
effective without consent from the Holders. In making these potentially subjective determinations, the 
Issuer may have economic interests that are adverse to the interests of investors, and such 
determinations may adversely affect the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event or, as the case may be, a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date occur with respect to U.S. dollar LIBOR or, as the case may be, SOFR Index 
(each a “Relevant Benchmark”), the rate of interest on the relevant Notes may thereafter be 
determined by reference to a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Benchmark Replacement. A Benchmark Event includes, among other things, an official 
announcement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, with effect from 
a date after December 31, 2021, that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market and a Benchmark Transition Event includes, among other things, a public 
statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Benchmark is no longer representative. In each 
case, the rate of interest on the relevant Notes may therefore cease to be determined by reference 
to the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Relevant Benchmark, and instead be 
determined by reference to a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Benchmark Replacement, even if the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Relevant 
Benchmark continues to be published. Such rate may be lower than the Original Reference Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Relevant Benchmark for so long as the Original Reference Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Relevant Benchmark continues to be published, and the value of and return on the 
relevant Notes may be adversely affected. 
In addition, in the case of any Notes where “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser”, 
“Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC LIBOR” or “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR”, as 
the case may be, is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, notwithstanding the 
other provisions of Condition 4(e), Condition 4(f) or Condition 4(g), as the case may be, no 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread or, as the case may be, no Benchmark 
Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will be implemented nor will any 
other amendment to the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes be made to effect any 
Benchmark Amendments or, as the case may be, the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to (a) prejudice the qualification of the relevant Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or (b) 
result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of 
the relevant Notes. 
More broadly, any of the factors described in the preceding paragraphs of this Risk Factor 2.6.3.12 
or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or other international, 
national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty 
in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material

--- Page 60 ---
48 
 
 
adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and return on any such affected 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
2.6.3.14 
Compounded SOFR and the SOFR Index are relatively new in the marketplace 
The interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR 
Index in the applicable Final Terms will be based on Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using 
the SOFR Index published by the FRBNY according to the specific formula described under 
Condition 4(c)(ii)(B), not the SOFR rate published on or in respect of a particular date during any 
Interest Accrual Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during such period. Since SOFR is a 
relatively new market rate, the relevant Notes may have no established trading market when issued, 
and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. For this and other 
reasons, the interest rate on any such Notes during any Interest Accrual Period will not necessarily 
be the same as the interest rate on other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to 
determine the applicable interest rate. Further, if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during 
an Interest Accrual Period is negative, its contribution to the SOFR Index will be less than one, 
resulting in a reduction to Compounded SOFR used to calculate the interest payable on the relevant 
Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period. 
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and the 
method for calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies. Investors 
should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates – such as SOFR - 
as reference rates in the capital markets. In August 2019 and May 2020, the ARRC released model 
interest rate conventions for SOFR-linked securities (including for the calculation of Compounded 
SOFR); however, there currently is no uniform market convention with respect to the calculation of 
Compounded SOFR or SOFR generally. In addition, the FRBNY only began publishing the SOFR 
Index on March 2, 2020. Accordingly, the use of the SOFR Index or the specific formula for the 
Compounded SOFR rate used in any relevant Notes may not be widely adopted by other market 
participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that would likely adversely 
affect the market value of any such Notes.  
2.6.3.15 
The SOFR Index has a limited history. The future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted 
based on the historical performance of SOFR. 
Publication of SOFR and the SOFR Index, each published by the FRBNY, began on April 3, 2018 
and on March 2, 2020, respectively, and therefore each has a limited history. The future 
performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on the limited historical performance. The level of 
SOFR during the term of any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as 
SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms may bear little or no relation to the historical level of 
SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to 
SOFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. While some pre-publication historical data 
have been released by the FRBNY, such analysis inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes – 
There are risks that certain reference rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the 
future, including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely affect the 
trading market for, value of and return on, Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes based on such 
reference rates – Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC LIBOR – Risks Relating to SOFR” for a 
description of the risks related to SOFR. Changes in the levels of SOFR will affect Compounded 
SOFR and, therefore, the return on any relevant Notes and the trading price of such Notes, but it is 
impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or fall. There can be no assurance that 
Compounded SOFR or SOFR will be positive.

--- Page 61 ---
49 
 
 
2.6.3.16 
Compounded SOFR with respect to a particular Interest Accrual Period for Floating Rate 
Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms will 
only be capable of being determined near the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
The level of Compounded SOFR applicable to a particular Interest Accrual Period and, therefore, the 
SOFR Index and amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Accrual Period will be 
determined on the Interest Determination Date (as defined in Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)) for such Interest 
Accrual Period. 
Because each such date is near the end of such Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest 
payable with respect to a particular Interest Accrual Period will not be known until shortly prior to the 
related Interest Payment Date and it may be difficult to reliably estimate the amount of interest that 
will be payable on each such Interest Payment Date. In addition, some investors may be unwilling or 
unable to trade the relevant Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of 
which could adversely impact the liquidity and trading price of any such Notes. 
2.6.3.17 
The SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued and Floating Rate Notes for which the 
Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms may bear interest by 
reference to a rate other than Compounded SOFR, which could adversely affect the value of any 
such Notes  
The SOFR Index is published by the FRBNY based on data received by it from sources other than 
the Issuer, and the Issuer has no control over its methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate 
revision practices or availability of the SOFR Index at any time. There can be no guarantee, 
particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any 
relevant Notes. 
If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SOFR is 
calculated, is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on 
any relevant Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the FRBNY may withdraw, 
modify or amend the published SOFR Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. 
The interest rate for any Interest Accrual Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or 
amendments to the SOFR Index or SOFR data that the FRBNY may publish after the interest rate 
for that Interest Accrual Period has been determined. See “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the 
Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes – There are risks that certain reference rates may be 
administered differently or discontinued in the future, including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR 
after 2021, which may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes based on such reference rates – Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR” 
for further information.

--- Page 62 ---
50 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
For details of the financial information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, see “Information 
Incorporated by Reference” below. 
For the convenience of investors, certain selected financial information has also been included in this Base 
Prospectus. See “Selected Financial Information” below. This information is not complete and should be read 
together with the financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The following adoption of accounting pronouncements and changes are applied in the financial reports 
during 2020.  
Changed presentation of cash flow statement 
As of January 1, 2020, cash flows from issued interest-bearing securities and commercial paper, excluding 
senior non-preferred liabilities and subordinated liabilities, have been reclassified from financing activities to 
operating activities. Going forward, cash flows from financing activities will be split into senior non-preferred 
liabilities, subordinated liabilities, leasing liabilities and dividends. These changes to the cash flow statement 
are to ensure that the presentation of cash flows is more representative of Swedbank’s business model and 
to align the cash flow statement with Swedbank’s balance sheet. Comparative figures have been restated for 
2019. For more information, see note G57 in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as 
of and for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
Changes in IFRS and Swedish regulations 
New or amended IFRS or Swedish regulations or interpretations which have been adopted during 2020 have 
had no or immaterial impact on the Group’s financial position, results, cash flows or disclosures. 
The financial information set out herein has been extracted without material adjustment from the Issuer’s 
annual audited consolidated financial statements as of, and for, the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 
and 2018, including the notes thereto (the “Financial Statements”), except for the information in “Selected 
Statistical and Other Information” which is derived from the financial records of the Issuer. The Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board (“IASB”) and interpretation of these standards as adopted by the EU. The consolidated financial 
statements also apply recommendation RFR 1, Complementary accounting rules for groups, issued by the 
Swedish Financial Reporting Board, the pronouncements of the Swedish Financial Reporting Board, certain 
complementary rules in the Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities Companies (Sw: 
Lagen (1995:1559) om årsredovisning i kreditinstitut och värdepappersbolag) and the regulations and 
general advice of the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, FFFS 2008:25. IFRS differs in certain 
respects from generally accepted accounting principles applied in the United States. The Issuer prepares its 
financial statements in Swedish Krona in accordance with the requirements of Swedish statutory accounting 
and tax legislation. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$”, “USD” and “$” refer to United States dollars, 
references to “SEK” and “Krona” refer to Swedish Krona, references to “Pounds Sterling”, “GBP” and “£” 
refer to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “Japanese Yen” and “JPY” refer to the 
lawful currency of Japan and references to “EUR”, “Euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended. Unless otherwise noted, all translations of SEK amounts into U.S. dollars 
for the year ended December 31, 2020 have been at the rate of SEK 8.1904 = U.S.$1.00, being the 
representative market rate prevailing in Stockholm on December 31, 2020, as reported by Bloomberg. No

--- Page 63 ---
51 
 
 
representation is made that SEK or U.S. dollar amounts referred to herein have been, could have been or 
could be, converted into U.S. dollars or SEK, as the case may be, at this rate, at any particular rate, or at all. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetical aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “Sweden” are to the Kingdom of Sweden and references to the 
“Government” are to the Swedish government. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (“URLs”) are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall 
not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus includes certain statistics and market share data. The Issuer believes that the 
statistics and market share data included in this Base Prospectus are useful in helping investors to 
understand the markets in which the Issuer operates. However, to the extent indicated, these figures are 
sourced from third party information (for instance, for market sizing) that has not been independently verified. 
This Base Prospectus also contains other information sourced from third parties, where indicated with 
references to third party sources herein. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by such 
sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own analysis of the Issuer and the terms of 
the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The Notes have not been approved or 
disapproved by the SEC or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United 
States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the 
contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee makes any representation to any investor in the Notes 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to 
bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 64 ---
52 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information which has previously been published, or is published simultaneously, with this 
Base Prospectus shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for each of the financials years 
ended 
December 
31, 
2020 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE78501331), 
December 
31, 
2019 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE53581973) 
and 
December 
31, 
2018 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://online.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE29146126) comprising the information set out at the following pages of the Group’s ‘Annual 
Report 2020’, ‘Annual Report 2019’ and  ‘Annual Report 2018’: 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes 
pages 58-
157 
pages 54-
152 
pages 50-
147 
Auditor’s Report 
pages 238-
242 
pages 218-
221 
pages 210-
213 
(2) 
the following sections from previous prospectuses relating to the Programme: (i) the section “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes” (pages 40-69 inclusive) set out in the Base Prospectus dated March 2, 
2016 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://online.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PPE1340899); (ii) the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (pages 42-72 inclusive) set out in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
March 
1, 
2017 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://online.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE24393965); (iii) the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (pages 46-78 inclusive) set 
out in the Base Prospectus dated March 1, 2018 (which can be viewed online at 
https://online.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PPE1341490); and (viii) the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (pages 51-100 inclusive) 
set out in the Base Prospectus dated April 6, 2020 (which can be viewed online at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE57912631) as supplemented by section 4 of the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
May 
15, 
2020 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE61017017). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any information incorporated by reference therein) shall, 
to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 65 ---
53 
 
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes. The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Dealer Agreement that it will comply with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 66 ---
54 
 
 
3. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be issued in registered form or in bearer form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
3.1 
Registered Notes 
In the case of Registered Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify that the Notes will be issued 
in the form of Registered Global Notes held in specified clearing systems, as described below, or in 
the form of Definitive Registered Notes. 
3.1.1 
Form of Registered Global Notes 
If Notes are to be issued in the form of Registered Global Notes, the Issuer will deliver a Restricted 
Registered Global Note and/or an Unrestricted Registered Global Note, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
3.1.2 
Restricted and Unrestricted Registered Global Notes 
Registered Notes may only be offered and sold within the United States or to U.S. persons in 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act to QIBs. The Registered 
Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Restricted Registered Global Note 
which will be deposited on or about the issue date of such Tranche either (i) with a custodian for, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC or (ii) with a common safekeeper or common 
depositary, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the 
name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold to persons other than U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act will be represented by an Unrestricted Registered 
Global Note which will be deposited on or about the issue date of such Tranche either (i) with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective participants or (ii) with a common 
safekeeper or common depositary, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. A beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Registered Global Note may at 
all times be held only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
In the circumstances described below under “Exchange and Transfer of Registered Global Notes for 
Definitive Registered Notes”, interests in any Unrestricted Registered Global Note will be 
exchangeable for unrestricted Definitive Registered Notes (“Unrestricted Definitive Registered 
Notes”) and interests in any Restricted Registered Global Note will be exchangeable for restricted 
Definitive Registered Notes (“Restricted Definitive Registered Notes”). Restricted Registered Global 
Notes (and any Restricted Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange therefor) will be subject to 
certain restrictions on transfer contained in a legend appearing on the face of such Note set forth 
under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions—Transfer Restrictions”. 
3.1.3 
Owner of Registered Global Notes and Payments 
Subject to certain provisions of the Trust Deed relating to directions, sanctions and consents of 
Holders of Registered Notes and to meetings of Holders, so long as DTC or its nominee or

--- Page 67 ---
55 
 
 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their common depositary or the nominee of 
the common safekeeper, as the case may be, is the registered owner or Holder of a Registered 
Global Note, DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, will 
be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note 
for all purposes under the Trust Deed and the Notes. Payments of principal, interest and additional 
amounts, if any, pursuant to Condition 7 on Registered Global Notes will be made to DTC, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder 
thereof. None of the Issuer, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent or any affiliate 
of any of the above will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
3.1.3.1 Exchange and Transfer of Registered Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes 
Beneficial interests in a Restricted Registered Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in 
part, for Restricted Definitive Registered Notes; (i) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee of DTC, if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its 
responsibilities as depositary with respect to the relevant Restricted Registered Global Note or 
ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under the Exchange Act, or is at any time no longer 
eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of 
receiving notice of such ineligibility on the part of such depositary; or (ii) in the case of Notes 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or (iii) if an Event of Default as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is 
continuing; or (iv) at the option of the Issuer, if the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar, by 
reason of any change in, or amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any 
deduction or withholding from any payment under the Notes which would not be required if such 
Notes were in definitive form. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Registered Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not 
in part, for Unrestricted Definitive Registered Notes: (i) in the case of Notes registered in the name of 
a nominee of DTC, if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly 
its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the relevant Unrestricted Registered Global Note or 
ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under the Exchange Act, or is at any time no longer 
eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of 
receiving notice of such ineligibility on the part of such depositary; or (ii) in the case of Notes 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or (iii) if an Event of Default as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is 
continuing; or (iv) at the option of the Issuer, if the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar, by 
reason of any change in, or amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any 
deduction or withholding from any payment under the Notes which would not be required if such 
Notes were in definitive form. 
In such circumstances, (i) the Registrar will be required to notify all Holders of interests in the 
relevant Registered Global Notes registered in the name of DTC or its nominee or Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their common depositary or the nominee of the 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, of the availability of Restricted or Unrestricted Definitive 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, and (ii) the Issuer will, at the cost of the Issuer, cause 
sufficient Unrestricted Definitive Registered Notes and/or Restricted Definitive Registered Notes, as 
the case may be, to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for completion, authentication and

--- Page 68 ---
56 
 
 
dispatch to the relevant Holders. A person having an interest in the relevant Registered Global Note 
must provide the Registrar with: 
(a) 
a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver the relevant Definitive Registered 
Note; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Restricted Registered Global Note only, a fully completed, signed 
certification substantially to the effect that the exchanging Holder is not transferring its 
interest at the time of such exchange or, in the case of simultaneous sale pursuant to Rule 
144A, a certification that the transfer is being made in compliance with the provisions of Rule 
144A. Restricted Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a 
Restricted Registered Global Note will bear the legend applicable to transfers pursuant to 
Rule 144A (as set out under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions—
Transfer Restrictions”). 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Definitive Registered Notes issued pursuant to and in reliance on Rule 144A will be issued only in 
minimum denominations of U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or 
the approximate equivalents in the applicable Specified Currency). 
The Holder of a Registered Note may transfer such Registered Note in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Holder of a Definitive 
Registered Note may transfer such Note by surrendering it at the specified office of the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent, together with the completed form of transfer thereon. Upon the transfer, 
exchange or replacement of Restricted Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for beneficial 
interests in a Restricted Registered Global Note bearing the legend referred to under “Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions—Transfer Restrictions”, or upon specific request for 
removal of the legend on a Restricted Definitive Registered Note, the Registrar shall deliver only 
Restricted Definitive Registered Notes that bear such legend, or will refuse to remove such legend, 
as the case may be, unless either (i) such transfer, exchange or replacement occurs or such request 
is made one year or more after the later of (1) the original issue date of the Notes of such Tranche or 
(2) the last date on which the Issuer or any affiliate (as defined under the section “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) of the Issuer as notified to the Registrar by the Issuer was the beneficial 
owner of such Note (or any predecessor of such Note) or (ii) there is delivered to the Issuer and the 
Registrar an opinion, reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer, of counsel experienced in giving opinions 
with respect to questions arising under the securities laws of the United States to the effect that 
neither such legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of such laws. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Registered Global Note for 
Definitive Registered Notes for a period of 15 calendar days preceding the due date for any payment 
in respect of the Notes. 
3.1.4 
Payments on Registered Notes 
Payments of principal on the Registered Notes will be made on the relevant payment date to the 
persons in whose name such Notes are registered at the close of business on the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the Registrar is 
located) immediately prior to the relevant payment date. Payments of interest on the Registered 
Notes will be made on the relevant payment date to the persons in whose name such Notes are

--- Page 69 ---
57 
 
 
registered on the Record Date (as defined in Condition 8(b)) immediately preceding such payment 
date. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest (if any) on, the Registered Global Notes will be made to 
the person shown on the register as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of 
the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
3.2 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note without 
Coupons or Talons (each as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) which will (i) if the 
Temporary Global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (ii) if the Temporary Global Notes are not intended to 
be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchanged either for interests in a Permanent Global 
Note or, where specified in the applicable Final Terms (subject to such notice period as is specified 
in the Final Terms), for Definitive Bearer Notes on or after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 
40 days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche, as certified by the relevant 
Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a 
syndicated issue). Such exchange will be made only upon delivery of written certification to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to the effect that the beneficial 
owner of such Notes is not a U.S. person or other person who has purchased such Notes for resale 
to, or on behalf of, U.S. persons and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, has given a like certification (based on the certification it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
If an interest or principal payment date for any Notes occurs while such Notes are represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the related interest or principal payment will be made only to the extent that 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership has been received as described in the last sentence of 
the immediately preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of 
a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on or 
after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. Payments of principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note 
will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender, as 
the case may be, of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) without any further requirement for certification. Pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is 
issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of 
any other Tranche of the same Series until at least expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, (free of charge 
to the Holder) for Definitive Bearer Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms either (A) upon 
not less than 45 days’ written notice (expiring at least 30 days after the Exchange Date) from the 
bearer to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein, or (B) only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described therein, upon notice from the bearer to the Principal Paying Agent or,

--- Page 70 ---
58 
 
 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event described in (iii) below, from the Issuer to the Principal 
Paying Agent. “Exchange Event” means (i) either of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other clearing system by which the Notes have been accepted for clearing is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention to 
cease business permanently, (ii) an Event of Default in relation to the Notes as set out in Condition 6 
occurs and is continuing, or (iii) at the option of the Issuer, if the Issuer or any Paying Agent, by 
reason of any change in, or amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any 
deduction or withholding from any payment under the Notes which would not be required if such 
Notes were in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. Any such exchange following the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The exchange upon notice option described in paragraph (A) above should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the relevant Notes have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount. Furthermore, 
Notes should not be issued which have such denominations if such Notes are to be represented on 
issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), Coupons 
and Talons relating to such Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than 1 year and on 
all Coupons and Talons relating to such Bearer Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or Coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
Bearer Notes or Coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
3.3 
General 
Any reference herein to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
The Issuer has entered into an agreement with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (together 
the “ICSDs”) in respect of any Notes issued in NGN form or intended to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (“NSS”) that the Issuer may request be made eligible for settlement with the 
ICSDs (the “Issuer-ICSDs Agreement”). The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that the ICSDs will, 
in respect of any such Notes, inter alia, maintain records of their respective portion of the issue 
outstanding amount and will, upon the Issuer’s request, produce a statement for the Issuer’s use 
showing the total nominal amount of its customer holdings of such Notes as of a specified date. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form or are intended to be 
held under the NSS (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the applicable Final Terms will also

--- Page 71 ---
59 
 
 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times 
during their life as such recognition depends upon the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met. Furthermore, any indication that the Global Notes are not intended 
to be so held may be the case at the date of the applicable Final Terms. However, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and, in the 
case of Registered Notes, registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper. Similarly, this would not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
The common safekeeper for NGNs or any Notes intended to be held under the NSS will either be 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 72 ---
60 
 
 
4. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, when construed together with Part A 
of the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Notes, will be applicable to each Series of Notes: 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed dated September 3, 2012 (as supplemented and/or 
amended from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) and made between Swedbank AB (publ) (the “Issuer”, 
which term, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include its legal successors following universal 
succession (Sw: universalsuccession), by operation of law applicable in Sweden, upon 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or any other similar occurrence) and BNY Mellon Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being 
the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Holders (as described below). These 
Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust 
Deed, which includes the form of the Notes and any Coupons relating to them. Copies of the Trust 
Deed and an amended and restated Agency Agreement (as supplemented or amended from time to 
time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated March 5, 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacities as principal paying agent (the “Principal Paying 
Agent”, which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its 
capacity as such), as paying agent, as transfer agent and as exchange agent (the “Exchange 
Agent”, which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its 
capacity as such), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG in its capacity as registrar (the “Registrar”, 
which expression shall include any successor to Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG in its capacity 
as such) and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as paying agent (a “Paying 
Agent” and, together with the Principal Paying Agent and any substitute or additional paying agents 
appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement, the “Paying Agents”) and as transfer agent (a 
“Transfer Agent” and, together with the Principal Paying Agent and any substitute or additional 
transfer agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement, the “Transfer Agents”), are 
available for inspection at the specified office of the Trustee (presently at The Bank of New York 
Mellon, One Canada Square, London E14 5AL) and each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar. All 
persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes shall be deemed to 
have notice of and to be bound by all of the provisions of the Trust Deed insofar as they relate to the 
Notes. References herein to “Agents” shall, where the context so requires, be to the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Exchange Agent. References herein to the Paying Agents 
and the Transfer Agents shall include any additional Paying Agent(s) and/or Transfer Agent(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). 
The final terms of the Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms relating to the Notes which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”). 
References to the “applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof). Copies of the Final Terms in respect of Notes to be listed on the official list of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
www.ise.ie. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the European 
Economic Area, the applicable Final Terms will be published in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Copies of the Final Terms will be 
available, upon request, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent and, in relation to a Tranche of Registered Notes, the Registrar. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading and save that a Tranche may comprise Notes in more than one denomination) 
and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes

--- Page 73 ---
61 
 
 
which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, references to “Notes” are to Notes of the same Series and 
shall, as the context may require, be deemed to include any Unrestricted Registered Global Note, 
Restricted Registered Global Note, Definitive Registered Note, Temporary Global Note, Permanent 
Global Note or, as the case may be, Definitive Bearer Note (each as defined below). References to 
“Notes” shall, so far as the context permits, be deemed to include any Coupons. References to 
“Holders” shall include holders of Coupons (as defined below), as the context may require. 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes are issued in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the 
denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, depending upon the 
Status of the Notes shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Notes in Global Form and Exchanges Thereof 
(i) 
Registered Notes will be represented upon issue by Notes in the following form: 
(A) 
Notes initially sold within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) will be represented by beneficial 
interests in a restricted registered global Note (a “Restricted Registered Global Note”) in 
substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed, 
which will be deposited either (i) with a custodian for The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) 
and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of DTC or (ii) with a common 
depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for, and in respect of, interests 
held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and registered in the name of a nominee of a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the 
common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
Notes initially sold to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act will be represented by beneficial interests in an unrestricted registered global 
Note (an “Unrestricted Registered Global Note”) in substantially the form (subject to

--- Page 74 ---
62 
 
 
amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed, which will be deposited either (i) with 
a custodian for DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of DTC for the 
accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective 
participants, or (ii) with a common depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case may be, 
for, and in respect of, interests held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
An interest in either the Restricted Registered Global Note or the Unrestricted Registered Global 
Note (each a “Registered Global Note”) may be exchanged for a definitive Registered Note (a 
“Definitive Registered Note”) in the limited circumstances set out in such Registered Global Note. A 
Definitive Registered Note may be exchanged for another Definitive Registered Note under certain 
circumstances described in the Agency Agreement. In relation to any Tranche, prior to the expiry of 
the period that ends 40 days after the later of the date of issue of such Tranche and the completion 
of the distribution of such Tranche, beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Registered Global Note will 
only be exchangeable for interests in a Restricted Registered Global Note in accordance with the 
certification requirements described in the Agency Agreement. 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
(ii) 
Registered Notes will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, be the subject of an application 
by the Issuer to DTC for the acceptance of such Registered Notes into DTC’s book-entry settlement 
system. If such application is accepted, one or more Registered Global Notes (each, a “DTC Note”) 
in denominations equivalent in aggregate to the aggregate principal amount of relevant Registered 
Notes which are to be held in such system will be issued to DTC and registered in the name of Cede 
& Co., or such other person as may be nominated by DTC for the purpose, as nominee for DTC. 
Thereafter, such registered nominee will be the holder of record and entitled to rights in respect of 
each DTC Note. Accordingly, each person having a beneficial interest in a DTC Note must rely on 
the procedures of the institutions having accounts with DTC to exercise any rights of such person. 
So long as Registered Notes are traded through DTC’s book-entry settlement system, ownership of 
a beneficial interest in the relevant DTC Note will (unless otherwise required by applicable law or 
regulatory requirement) be shown on, and transfers of such beneficial interest may be effected only 
through, records maintained by (i) DTC or its registered nominee (as to DTC-participant interests) or 
(ii) institutions having accounts with DTC (including, without limitation, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg). 
(iii) 
Bearer Notes will be represented upon issue by a temporary global Note (a “Temporary Global 
Note”) in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed. On 
or after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the 
Notes of the relevant Tranche and provided certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as 
required by United States Treasury regulations has been received, interests in the Temporary Global 
Note may be exchanged for either (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(A) 
interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form (a “Permanent Global Note”) 
representing the Notes of that Series and in substantially the form (subject to amendment 
and completion) set out in the Trust Deed; or 
(B) 
Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Bearer Notes”), serially numbered and in 
substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed. 
(iv) 
In the case of Bearer Notes, if any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Notes of a 
Tranche occurs whilst any of the Notes of that Tranche are represented by the Temporary Global

--- Page 75 ---
63 
 
 
Note, if such payment falls due before the Exchange Date, the related interest payment will be made 
on the Temporary Global Note upon and to the extent of delivery to or to the order of any of the 
Paying Agents outside the United States of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and dated not earlier than the relevant 
interest payment date. 
Payments of principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg without any requirement for certification. References to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(v) 
In the case of Bearer Notes, interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole 
but not in part, (free of charge to the Holder) for Definitive Bearer Notes as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms either: 
(A) 
upon not less than 60 days’ written notice (expiring at least 30 days after the Exchange 
Date) from the bearer to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein, or 
(B) 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described therein, upon notice from the 
bearer to the Principal Paying Agent or, upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event 
described in (iii) below, from the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent. 
“Exchange Event” means (i) either of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system by which the Notes have been accepted for clearing is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention to cease 
business permanently, (ii) an Event of Default in relation to the Notes as set out in Condition 6 
occurs and is continuing, or (iii) at the option of the Issuer, if the Issuer or any Paying Agent, by 
reason of any change in, or amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any 
deduction or withholding from any payment under the Notes which would not be required if such 
Notes were in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. Any such exchange following the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Principal Paying Agent. 
(vi) 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) which 
have an original maturity of more than 1 year and on all Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States persons, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or Coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
Bearer Notes or Coupons. 
(vii) 
Interest-bearing Definitive Bearer Notes will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery 
coupons (“Coupons”) and, if applicable, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”), presentation of which 
will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances specified below. Any 
reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to

--- Page 76 ---
64 
 
 
include a reference to Talons or talons. Bearer Notes in global form do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
(c) 
Surrender of Global Notes in Exchange for Definitive Notes 
In order to exchange interests in a global Note for definitive Notes, a Holder must surrender or, as 
the case may be, present the relevant Registered Global Note at the specified office of the Registrar 
or its agent or, as the case may be, present the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent 
Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, together, in each case, with a 
request in writing specifying the principal amount of such Registered Global Note or, as the case 
may be, Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note to be exchanged.  
2. 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Registered Notes 
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the register which is kept by the Registrar. 
References herein to the “Holders” of Registered Notes are to the persons in whose names such 
Notes are so registered or, in the case of joint holders, the first named thereof. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes 
Title to Bearer Notes and Coupons passes by delivery and references herein to the “Holders” of 
Bearer Notes and Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer Notes and Coupons. 
(c) 
Ownership 
The Holder of any Note or Coupon will (except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory 
requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or 
any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
(d) 
Transfer of Registered Notes in Definitive Form 
Definitive Registered Notes may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (in the authorised denominations set out 
in the applicable Final Terms) upon the surrender of the Registered Note to be transferred for 
registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part thereof), together with the 
form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent. A new Registered Note will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a 
transfer of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect of the balance not 
transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
(e) 
Delivery of New Registered Notes in Definitive Form 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Notes in definitive form shall 
be available for delivery within five business days at the specified office of the Registrar or the 
relevant Transfer Agent after receipt of the form of transfer. Delivery of the new Registered Note 
shall be made at the specified office of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, to 
whom delivery of such form of transfer shall have been made or, at the option of the Holder making 
such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be 
mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder entitled to the new Registered Note to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such Holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
relevant Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify.

--- Page 77 ---
65 
 
 
For these purposes, a form of transfer received by the Registrar during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment on the relevant Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be 
effectively received by the Registrar until the day following the due date for such payment. For the 
purposes of this Condition 2(e), “business day” means a day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located. 
(f) 
Charges on Transfer 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such 
indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges which 
may be imposed in relation thereto. 
(g) 
Private Placement Legend 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Restricted Registered Global Notes or Restricted 
Definitive Registered Notes of any Tranche bearing the private placement legend (the “Rule 144A 
Legend”) set forth in the form of Restricted Registered Global Note or Restricted Definitive 
Registered Note, as the case may be, or upon specific request for removal of the Rule 144A Legend, 
the Registrar shall deliver only Registered Notes of such Tranche that also bear the Rule 144A 
Legend or will refuse to remove the Rule 144A Legend, as the case may be, unless either (i) such 
transfer, exchange or replacement occurs, or such request is made, one year or more after the later 
of (1) the original issue date of the Notes of such Tranche or (2) the last date on which the Issuer or 
any affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer as notified to the 
Registrar by the Issuer was the beneficial owner of such Note (or any predecessor of such Note) or 
(ii) there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar an opinion, reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer, 
of counsel experienced in giving opinions with respect to questions arising under the securities laws 
of the United States to the effect that neither such legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth 
therein are required in order to ensure compliance with the provisions of such laws. 
(h) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in Global Form 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the 
time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global 
Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered 
Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such 
successor’s nominee. 
3. 
Status 
(a) 
Status – Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 3(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Senior Preferred Notes.

--- Page 78 ---
66 
 
 
(ii) 
The Senior Preferred Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The rights of the Holder of any Senior 
Preferred Note in respect of or arising from the Senior Preferred Notes (including any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall, in the event 
of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, 
rank: 
(A) 
(subject to such mandatory exceptions as are from time to time applicable under Swedish 
law) at least pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding; and 
(B) 
senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities. 
(b) 
Status - Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
(i) 
This Condition 3(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(ii) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The rights of the Holder of any 
Senior Non-Preferred Note in respect of or arising from the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) 
shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: 
konkurs) of the Issuer, have Senior Non-Preferred Ranking, meaning that they rank: 
(A) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; 
(B) 
senior to holders of all classes of ordinary shares of the Issuer and any subordinated 
obligations or other securities of the Issuer which by law rank, or by their terms are 
expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; and 
(C) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of 
the Issuer. 
In these Conditions: 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Sweden giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and the BRRD (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be);  
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by BRRD II); 
“BRRD II” means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, as the same may be amended or 
replaced from time to time;

--- Page 79 ---
67 
 
 
“CRD” means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive and CRR and any CRD 
Implementing Measures; 
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the CRD V Directive); 
“CRD Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled 
by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the Group, as the 
case may be, (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD 
Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards 
released by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
“CRD V Directive” means Directive 2019/878 as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers 
and capital conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Directive 2013/36/EU, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may 
be amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRR II); 
“CRR II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting 
and disclosure requirements of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities” means liabilities having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking; and 
“Senior Non-Preferred Ranking” means the ranking which is described in the second sentence of the 
first paragraph of section 18 of the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. 18 § 1 st andra meningen 
förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)), as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time.  
(c) 
Waiver of set-off 
No Holder of Notes who in the event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) 
of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes (including any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) held by such 
Holder.

--- Page 80 ---
68 
 
 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(a) or Condition 4(b) (as applicable): 
(i) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
and 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number

--- Page 81 ---
69 
 
 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(aa) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(bb) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling 
after, such date). 
In these Conditions, “sub unit” means, with respect to any currency other than U.S. dollars and Euro, 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, with respect to U.S. dollars and Euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Initial Rate(s) of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if 
no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at 
the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest,  
payable, in each case, in arrear on the date(s) so specified in the applicable Final Terms on which 
interest is payable in each year (each an "Interest Payment Date") and on the Maturity Date if that 
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant period, and will calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Reset Notes for the relevant period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 82 ---
70 
 
 
(aa) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Reset Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(bb) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Reset Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In this Condition 4(b): 
"Business Day" has the meaning given in Condition 4(c)(i) or, if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, such term means a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(c)(ii)(B); 
"Day Count Fraction" and related definitions have the meanings given in Condition 4(a); 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Maturity Date;  
“First Reset Period Fallback Yield” means the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on (or, if applicable, in respect of) the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin, with such 
sum being converted (if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis to a basis which 
matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes;  
“H.15” means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
Board 
of 
Governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication;  
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” means annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other payment basis as shall be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable;  
“Reference Bond” means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued 
by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, 
shall be Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international

--- Page 83 ---
71 
 
 
repute, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable maturity to such Reset Period;  
“Reference Bond Quotation” means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset 
Determination Date:  
(i)  
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered yields 
for the relevant Reference Bond provided to the Calculation Agent by such Reset 
Reference Bank at approximately the Relevant (Reset) Time on such Reset Determination 
Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis yield-to-maturity based on the secondary market bid price of such Reset 
Reference Bank for the relevant Reset U.S. Treasury Security at approximately the 
Relevant (Reset) Time on the Business Day following such Reset Determination Date;  
“Relevant (Reset) Time” shall mean approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency, or such other time as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other page, 
section or other part as may replace it on the relevant information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) for the relevant 
Reset Reference Rate; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day 
prior to the First Reset Date; in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the Second Reset Date; and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, 
the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period;  
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be;  
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination 
Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined 
on the basis of the Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately:  
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Relevant (Reset) Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Relevant (Reset) Time on the Business Day following such Reset Determination Date. 
If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations are

--- Page 84 ---
72 
 
 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the 
Reference Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, 
the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be (i) in the case of each Reset 
Period other than the First Reset Period, the Reset Reference Rate in respect of the immediately 
preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Period, the First Reset Period Fallback 
Yield; 
"Reset Reference Banks" means:  
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five major 
banks which are primary government securities dealers or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues in the Specified Currency, as selected by the Issuer on the advice of 
an investment bank of international repute; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, five 
major banks which are primary U.S. Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues determined in U.S. dollars, as published on the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York’s Website (as defined in Condition 4(f)(v) below) and as selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute; 
"Reset Reference Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date: 
 (i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
of the bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant (Reset) 
Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page at such Relevant (Reset) 
Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms and if 
the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) which is equal to: 
(a) 
the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities 
at “constant maturity” for a period of maturity which is equal or comparable to the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 under the caption 
“Treasury constant maturities (nominal)”, as that yield is displayed on such Reset 
Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (a) above is not published on the Relevant 
Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” having a 
period to maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset 
Period as published in H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant maturities 
(nominal)” on such Reset Determination Date; or

--- Page 85 ---
73 
 
 
(c) 
if neither the yield referred to in paragraph (a) above nor the yield referred to in 
paragraph (b) above is published on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date, 
 
in each case, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Reset U.S. Treasury Security” means, on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the U.S. Treasury 
Security: 
(i) 
with an original term to maturity upon issue of approximately the duration of the relevant 
Reset Period and a remaining term to maturity of not less than one year less than the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
which is in a principal amount equal to at least U.S.$1,000,000,000; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date;  
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on (or, if applicable, in respect of) the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin, with such sum being converted (if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis to 
a basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes; 
and  
“U.S. Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United States Treasury, 
issued other than on a discount basis.  
(ii) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and any stock exchange on which the relevant Reset 
Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 
15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(iii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b) by the 
Calculation Agent or for determining the Reset Reference Rate, as applicable, shall (in the absence

--- Page 86 ---
74 
 
 
of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Holders of the Notes and (in the 
absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Accrual Period (as defined below). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(aa) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(c)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(bb) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(cc) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(dd) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions:  
“Business Day” means, unless otherwise provided in these Conditions:

--- Page 87 ---
75 
 
 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System (as defined below)) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(2) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open; and 
(3) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in respect of 
which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to 
(but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the Notes 
become due and payable in accordance with Condition 6, shall be the date on which such Notes 
become due and payable); and 
“Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.  
(ii) 
Rate of Interest  
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Reference Rate other than SOFR 
Index  
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is not SOFR Index, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(I) 
the offered quotation; or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.

--- Page 88 ---
76 
 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(A)(I), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(A)(II), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case 
may be. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with an offered 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the London interbank 
market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Eurozone interbank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other 
Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be, with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, it is quoting to leading banks in the London interbank market (if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR) or the Eurozone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the 
interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(ii)(A): 
“Interest Determination Date” shall mean the date specified as such in the Final Terms or if 
none is so specified:

--- Page 89 ---
77 
 
 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is the London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”) (other than 
Sterling or Euro LIBOR), the second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is Sterling LIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period; 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is Euro LIBOR or the Eurozone interbank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period; 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (“STIBOR”), the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(v) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (“NIBOR”), the Second 
Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(vi) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (“CIBOR”), the first 
day of each Interest Period; 
(vii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate (“TIBOR”), the second 
Tokyo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(viii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”), the first 
day of each Interest Period. 
“Reference Bank” shall mean, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London 
office of four major banks in the London interbank market, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone interbank 
market and, in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the 
interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer on 
the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
“Reference Rate” shall mean (i) LIBOR, (ii) EURIBOR, (iii) STIBOR, (iv) NIBOR, (v) CIBOR, 
(vi) TIBOR, or (vii) HIBOR, in each case for the relevant period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” shall mean London, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, 
Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Stockholm, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR Copenhagen, in 
the case of a determination of CIBOR, Tokyo, in the case of a determination of TIBOR and 
Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” (save where expressly defined otherwise) has the meaning 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on the relevant information service or such other information service, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” shall mean (i) in the case of LIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case of 
EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (iii) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (iv) in the case of NIBOR, 
12.00 noon, (v) in the case of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (vi) in the case of TIBOR, 11.00 a.m., and

--- Page 90 ---
78 
 
 
(vii) in the case of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m., in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or 
such other time as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for SOFR Index Floating Rate Notes  
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SOFR Index, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be equal to the Compounded SOFR rate on 
the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In this Condition 4(c)(ii)(B): 
“Compounded SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005  being rounded upwards): 
   
 
where: 
“SOFR IndexStart” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR Index 
value on the day which falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR Index 
value on the day which falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the payment date relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to a U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
the value of the SOFR Index published on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such value appears on the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York’s Website at the Relevant Time; or 
(2) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the 
Relevant Time, then: 
i. if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date (each as defined in Condition 4(g)) have not occurred with respect to 
SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
the provisions below; or 
ii. if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall 
be the rate determined pursuant to Condition 4(g);

--- Page 91 ---
79 
 
 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided on the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website; 
“dc” means, with respect to an Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
“Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date that falls p U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days before each Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any other day 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and 
including) the day that falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the first day 
in such Interest Accrual Period, to (but excluding) the day that falls p U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days before the relevant payment date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“p” means two, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant Time” shall mean 3.00 p.m. in New York City, or such other time as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which, due to a recommendation of the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or its successor), the fixed income departments of its members are 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published 
and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as 
defined in Condition 4(g)) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, “Compounded SOFR” 
means, for the relevant Interest Accrual Period for which such index is not available, the rate 
of return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the 
formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, published at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information 
(or 
any 
successor source). For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation period” shall be replaced with 
“Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90- or 180- calendar days” shall be 
removed. If the daily SOFR (“SOFRi”) does not so appear for any day “i” in the Observation 
Period, SOFRi for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York’s Website. 
(C) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be 
the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives

--- Page 92 ---
80 
 
 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(II) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(III) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(c):

--- Page 93 ---
81 
 
 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Accrual Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Accrual Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Accrual Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where:

--- Page 94 ---
82 
 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(G) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Accrual Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
the Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified

--- Page 95 ---
83 
 
 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(v), “Designated Maturity” means, (a) in relation to Screen 
Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity, as referred to in Condition 4(c)(ii)(B). 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any other 
day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due) to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date (or, as the case 
may be, any other day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due) so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 
15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(c) by the 
Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Holders 
of the Notes and (in the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer or the 
Holders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Calculation Agent will be appointed in place of the 
Principal Paying Agent for the purposes of calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
as aforesaid, references in this Condition 4(c) to the Principal Paying Agent shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be construed as references to such Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue thereon (as well after 
as before any demand or judgment) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of the Notes

--- Page 96 ---
84 
 
 
or such other rate as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms until the date on which, upon 
(except in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is not 
required as a precondition of payment) due presentation of the relevant Note, the relevant payment 
is made or, if earlier (except in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the 
relevant Note is not required as a precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, 
the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar having received the 
funds required to make such payment, notice is given to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15 of that circumstance (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent 
payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
(e) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
This Condition 4(e) applies only if “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser: If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(e)(b)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 4(e)(c)) and/or any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(e)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(e) shall act in good faith and 
(in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents or the Holders for any determination made by it or 
for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, 
pursuant to this Condition 4(e). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(e)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 4(e)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining 
the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable 
to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(e) and the

--- Page 97 ---
85 
 
 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4(e)(f), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Holders, vary these 
Conditions and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by 
two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 4(e)(f), the 
Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Holders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending 
the Trust Deed) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any consequences 
thereof, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the 
Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
and/or rights afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(e)(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(e), no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to:  
(i) 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a 
certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer (upon 
which certificate the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without liability); or 
(ii) 
result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset 
Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the 
Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the 
Issuer (upon which certificate the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without 
liability). 
(e) 
Failure to appoint an Independent Adviser: If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser in accordance with this Condition 4(e), the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, may still determine (i) a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments in 
accordance with this Condition 4(e) (with the relevant provisions in this Condition 4(e) 
applying mutatis mutandis to allow such determinations to be made by the Issuer without 
consultation with an Independent Adviser).

--- Page 98 ---
86 
 
 
Where this Condition 4(e)(e) applies, without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the 
purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Issuer will take into account any 
relevant and applicable market precedents and customary market usage as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets. 
(f) 
Notices, etc: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(e) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(e); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if applicable) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate delivered pursuant to this Condition 
4(e) (without enquiry or liability to any person and without the obligation to verify or 
investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error and without prejudice 
to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. For the avoidance 
of doubt, each of the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall not be liable to the 
Holders or any other such person for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of 
whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of such 
person. 
(g) 
Survival of the Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer 
under Condition 4(e), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(b) and Condition 4(c)(ii)(A) will continue to apply unless and until either a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (and any associated Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments) is determined pursuant to this Condition 4(e). 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to 
elect to re-apply the provisions of Condition 4(e), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified 
(and, until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(b) and Condition 4(c)(ii)(A) will continue to apply). 
(h) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 4(e):

--- Page 99 ---
87 
 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i)     
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate), 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner is customarily applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no 
such spread is customarily applied), 
(iii)        the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 4(e)(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(e)(e). 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
consecutive Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(5) 
an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, with effect from a date after 31 December 2021, that the Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or

--- Page 100 ---
88 
 
 
(6) 
it has become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Issuer or 
any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its 
own cost under Condition 4(e)(a). 
“Original Reference Rate” means:  
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
Condition 4(e). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference 
Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(f) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC LIBOR 
This Condition 4(f) applies only if (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars and the Reference Rate is 
specified as LIBOR in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
LIBOR” is also specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in 
respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 101 ---
89 
 
 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of 
such determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If the Issuer exercises its right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes at 
any time, at the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
4(f)(iv), the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Holders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of a 
deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any 
party for any consequences thereof, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to 
concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
rights and/or protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust 
Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
In connection with any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance 
with this Condition 4(f)(ii), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(f), no Benchmark Replacement will 
be implemented nor will any other amendments to the terms and conditions of any Series of 
Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to:  
(a) 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a 
certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer (upon 
which certificate the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without liability); or 
(b) 
result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by 
two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer (upon which certificate the 
Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without liability). 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(f), including (A) any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance 
or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection and (B) for 
the avoidance of doubt, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, will be 
conclusive and binding (in the absence of manifest error) and subject as provided in this 
Condition 4(f)), may be made in the Issuer’s sole discretion, and, subject as provided in this 
Condition 4(f), shall become effective without consent from any other party. 
(iv) 
Notices, etc: Any Benchmark Replacement and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes determined under this Condition 4(f) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and, in

--- Page 102 ---
90 
 
 
accordance with Condition 15, the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, (ii) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and (iii) 
where applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 4(f); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if applicable) are 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of the relevant Benchmark Replacement. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate delivered pursuant to this Condition 
4(f) (without enquiry or liability to any person and without the obligation to verify or 
investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark 
Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) specified in 
such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error and without prejudice to the Trustee’s 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. For the avoidance 
of doubt, each of the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall not be liable to the 
Holders or any other such person for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of 
whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of such 
person. 
(v) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 4(f): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, LIBOR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBOR or the then-
current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement;  
“Benchmark Replacement” means the Interpolated Benchmark; provided that if the Issuer 
cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date, then 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(2) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(4) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
(5) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a

--- Page 103 ---
91 
 
 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating 
rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes 
at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definitions of “Interest Period” and “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, changes to the definition of 
“Corresponding Tenor” solely when such tenor is longer than the Interest Accrual Period and 
other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is 
reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently 
or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

--- Page 104 ---
92 
 
 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
“Compounded SOFR” means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this 
rate (which will be compounded in arrears with a lookback and/or suspension period as a 
mechanism to determine the interest amount payable prior to the end of each Interest 
Accrual Period) being established by the Issuer in accordance with: 
(1) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded 
SOFR; provided that: 
(2) 
if, and to the extent that, the Issuer determines that Compounded SOFR cannot be 
determined in accordance with clause (1) above, then the rate, or methodology for 
this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been selected by the Issuer giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted market practice for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as 
the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark. 
“Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website” has the meaning given in Condition 
4(c)(ii)(B). 
“Interpolated Benchmark” with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Benchmark for the 
longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding 
Tenor and (2) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) 
that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time.

--- Page 105 ---
93 
 
 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days 
preceding the date of such determination, and (2) if the Benchmark is not LIBOR, the time 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
“SOFR” with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for 
such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, 
(or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website. 
“Term SOFR” means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(g) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR 
This Condition 4(g) applies only if (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SOFR Index and (ii) “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
SOFR” is also specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in 
respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of 
such determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time.  
If the Issuer exercises its right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes at 
any time, at the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
4(g)(iv), the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Holders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of a

--- Page 106 ---
94 
 
 
deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any 
party for any consequences thereof, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to 
concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
rights and/or protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust 
Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
In connection with any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance 
with this Condition 4(g)(ii), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(g), no Benchmark Replacement will 
be implemented nor will any other amendments to the terms and conditions of any Series of 
Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to:  
(a) 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a 
certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer (upon 
which certificate the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without liability); or 
(b) 
result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by 
two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer (upon which certificate the 
Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without liability). 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(g), including (A) any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance 
or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection and (B) for 
the avoidance of doubt, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, will be 
conclusive and binding (in the absence of manifest error) and subject as provided in this 
Condition 4(g)), may be made in the Issuer’s sole discretion, and, subject as provided in this 
Condition 4(g), shall become effective without consent from any other party. 
(iv) 
Notices, etc: Any Benchmark Replacement and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes determined under this Condition 4(g) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, (ii) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and (iii) 
where applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 4(g); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if applicable) are 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of the relevant Benchmark Replacement.

--- Page 107 ---
95 
 
 
 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate delivered pursuant to this Condition 
4(g) (without enquiry or liability to any person and without the obligation to verify or 
investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark 
Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) specified in 
such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error and without prejudice to the Trustee’s 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. For the avoidance 
of doubt, each of the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall not be liable to the 
Holders or any other such person for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of 
whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of such 
person. 
(v) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 4(g): 
 
“Benchmark” means, initially, Compounded SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the 
then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes 
at such time;

--- Page 108 ---
96 
 
 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is 
reasonably necessary);  
 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event” the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event” the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or

--- Page 109 ---
97 
 
 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
 administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the Relevant Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not 
Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Subject to Condition 5(i) below, if: 
(A) 
(i) in relation to any Series of Notes, a Withholding Tax Event occurs; or  
(ii) in relation to any Series of Notes where “Tax Event Call” is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, a Tax Event occurs; 
and  
(B) 
both a Tax Certificate and a Tax Opinion have been addressed and delivered to the Trustee 
by the Issuer,

--- Page 110 ---
98 
 
 
the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the 
relevant Series at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(d) below together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided that:  
(a) 
notice is given by the Issuer to the Trustee and the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ prior to redemption;  
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes only, redemption is to be on an Interest Payment Date; 
and 
(c) 
where the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 in 
respect of any payment due in respect of the Notes, then no such notice of redemption may 
be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, a number of days 
which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within the then current interest 
period applicable to the Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts. 
Any such notice of redemption given in accordance with this Condition 5(b) shall be irrevocable. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to accept any Tax Certificate or Tax Opinion as sufficient evidence that 
the circumstances referred to therein prevail and that the events described in (A)(i) and/or (A)(ii) 
above have occurred, in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Holders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b): 
"Change in Tax Law" means: 
(a) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations 
thereunder) of any Taxing Jurisdiction affecting taxation; 
(b) 
any governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(c) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the official position or interpretation of such 
law, treaty (or regulation thereunder) or governmental action or any pronouncement that 
provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or regulation thereunder) or 
governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each 
case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body, irrespective 
of the manner in which such amendment, change,  action, interpretation, pronouncement or 
decision is made known; 
"Tax Certificate" means a certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the 
Issuer stating that, as of its date, the circumstances constituting a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax 
Event (as the case may be) are prevailing and describing the facts leading thereto; 
a "Tax Event" shall occur if, as a result of a Change in Tax Law of the Taxing Jurisdiction which 
becomes effective or is announced on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 in 
respect of taxes, duties, governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Notes or 
any payments thereunder;  
(b) 
to the extent (prior to the relevant Change in Tax Law) the Issuer was entitled to claim a 
deduction in respect of the Notes in computing its taxation liabilities, the Issuer is no longer, 
or will no longer be, entitled to claim a deduction in respect of payments in respect of the

--- Page 111 ---
99 
 
 
Notes in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of any such deduction would be 
reduced); or 
(c) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to the Notes as 
reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer 
will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to additional taxes, 
duties or governmental charges or civil liabilities; 
"Tax Opinion" means an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing and 
experienced in such matters stating that, as of its date, the circumstances constituting a Tax Event 
or a Withholding Tax Event (as the case may be) are prevailing; 
"Taxing Jurisdiction" means the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax in which the 
Issuer is treated as having a permanent establishment under the income tax laws of such 
jurisdiction; and 
a "Withholding Tax Event" shall occur if, in respect of any payment of principal or interest of the 
Notes, as a result of a Change in Tax Law of the Taxing Jurisdiction which becomes effective or is 
announced on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes, the Issuer would be 
required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to Condition 5(i), if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent (copied to the other Paying Agents, in the case of 
Bearer Notes) and the Registrar (copied to the Principal Paying Agent and the Transfer 
Agents, in the case of Registered Notes); 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of 
a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), as the case may be, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a 
global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant

--- Page 112 ---
100 
 
 
global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c) and notice to that effect shall 
be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5(b) above and Condition 6, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified 
Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at 
its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360); or 
(ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360); or 
(iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(e) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its consolidated subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise, subject to (i) the Applicable 
MREL Regulations in force at the relevant time, (ii) the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if 
such consent is required by the Applicable MREL Regulations) and (iii) applicable law and 
regulation. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the discretion of the Issuer, surrendered 
to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, for cancellation.

--- Page 113 ---
101 
 
 
In these Conditions: 
“Relevant Regulator” means the Swedish National Debt Office or such other authority tasked with 
matters relating to the qualification of securities of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, 
under the Applicable MREL Regulations. 
(f) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together, in the case of Definitive Bearer 
Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time 
of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 5(e) above (together, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be 
reissued or resold. 
(g) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 5(a), 5(b) or 5(c) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 6 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 5(d)(iii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the Late Payment Date. 
“Late Payment Date” means the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
(h) 
Redemption upon occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 5(h) applies only in the case of Notes where this Condition 5(h) is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and references to “Notes” and “Holders” in this Condition 
5(h) shall be construed accordingly. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to 
Condition 5(i), give notice to (i) the Trustee and (ii) the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) that all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising 
the relevant Series shall be redeemed: 
(a) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the period 
of not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (2) if there is no 
Interest Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the first Interest Payment Date to occur 
after the expiry of 60 days from the date of such notice,

--- Page 114 ---
102 
 
 
in each case, at their principal amount or at such other amount as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together (in each case) with accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in 
any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the latest 
Tranche of the Notes, it is likely that the Notes will be fully excluded or partially excluded from the 
“eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement 
(however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer or the Group is then 
or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, such determination to be 
confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors or other authorised 
signatories of the Issuer; provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such 
exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any 
applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted 
or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, under Applicable MREL Regulations. 
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be. 
(i) 
Conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation 
No early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation as contemplated by this Condition 5 of 
Notes may be made without the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required 
by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
(j) 
Substitution or Variation 
This Condition 5(j) applies only in the case of Notes where this Condition 5(j) is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and references to "Notes" in this Condition 5(j) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
If at any time: (i) a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing; (ii) a Withholding Tax 
Event occurs and is continuing; (iii) where “Tax Event Call” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Tax Event occurs and is continuing; or (iv) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f), the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5(i) (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders or, subject as provided below, the 
Trustee) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to (i) the Trustee and (ii) the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but 
not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes and/or the terms of the Trust Deed so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred 
Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying 
Securities (as defined below), as the case may be. 
The Trustee shall (at the request and expense of the Issuer) agree to the substitution of the Notes 
for, or the variation of the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Senior Non-

--- Page 115 ---
103 
 
 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, as aforesaid, 
provided that (i) the Trustee receives the certificate in the form described in the definition of Senior 
Preferred Qualifying Securities or Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities in accordance with the 
provisions thereof, and (ii) the terms of the proposed Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or Senior 
Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or the agreement to such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be, would not impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or reduce its 
protections or expose it to any liability. 
The Trustee shall not be liable for any such substitution or variation, as the case may be, or any 
consequences thereof. 
In these Conditions:  
"Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(a) 
(other than in respect of (i) the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f) and (ii) 
paragraph (4) below) have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders as a class 
than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, 
after having consulted an independent third party financial adviser of international standing, 
and provided that a certification to such effect of two directors or other authorised 
signatories of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Trustee not less than five Business 
Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the issue of 
the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
such variation, as the case may be), provided that they shall (1) include a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, (2) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such substitution 
or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same redemption rights and obligations as the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
including, but not limited to, as to timing and amount, (4) comply with the then current 
requirements in relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided 
for in the Applicable MREL Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution 
or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, (6) where 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes which have been substituted or varied had a solicited credit 
rating immediately prior to their substitution or variation, be assigned a solicited credit rating 
equal to or higher than (i) the solicited credit rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation or (ii) where the solicited credit rating of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes was, as a result of Condition 18(f) becoming ineffective and/or 
unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the solicited credit rating of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such amendment, and (7) not include 
any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs or conversion to 
equity, unless the triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer and approved 
by the Trustee. 
“Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that:

--- Page 116 ---
104 
 
 
(a) 
(other than in respect of (i) the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f) and (ii) 
paragraph (4) below) have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders as a class 
than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, after 
having consulted an independent third party financial adviser of international standing, and 
provided that a certification to such effect of two directors or other authorised signatories of 
the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Trustee not less than five Business Days prior to 
(i) in the case of a substitution of the Senior Preferred Notes, the issue of the relevant 
securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Senior Preferred Notes, such variation, as 
the case may be), provided that they shall (1) include a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Senior Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Senior Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be, (3) have the same redemption rights and obligations as the Senior Preferred Notes 
prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, including, but not limited to, as to 
timing and amount, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible 
liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred Notes to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may 
be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, (6) where the Senior Preferred Notes 
which have been substituted or varied had a solicited credit rating immediately prior to their 
substitution or variation, be assigned a solicited credit rating equal to or higher than (i) the 
solicited credit rating of the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to their substitution or 
variation or (ii) where the solicited credit rating of the Senior Preferred Notes was, as a result 
of Condition 18(f) becoming ineffective and/or unenforceable, amended prior to such 
substitution or variation, the solicited credit rating of the Senior Preferred Notes immediately 
prior to such amendment, and (7) not include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal 
write-offs, write-downs or conversion to equity, unless the triggers are objective and 
measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer and approved by 
the Trustee. 
6. 
Events of Default 
(i) 
The following shall be events of default (each an " Event of Default") in relation to the Notes of any 
Series, namely: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall default in the payment of principal in respect of any Note due and payable in 
accordance with these Conditions or the Issuer shall default in the payment of interest due 
on any Notes on an Interest Payment Date or any other date on which the payment of 
interest is compulsory and any such default continues for 15 days; or 
(B) 
a court or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Sweden (having jurisdiction in 
respect of the same) shall have instituted a proceeding or entered a decree or order for the 
appointment of a receiver or liquidator in any insolvency, rehabilitation, readjustment of debt, 
marshalling of assets and liabilities, or similar arrangements involving the Issuer or all or 
substantially all of its property and such proceeding, decree or order shall not have been 
vacated or shall have remained in force undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or 
(C) 
the Issuer shall file a petition to take advantage of any insolvency statute or voluntarily 
suspends payment of its obligations.

--- Page 117 ---
105 
 
 
If any  Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in relation to any Series of Notes, the 
Trustee may at its discretion, and if so requested by Holders of at least one-quarter in principal 
amount of the Notes of such Series then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) will, by written notice to the Issuer declare that such Notes are and 
shall, subject to the provisions set out below in this Condition 6(i), immediately become, due and 
payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with all interest (if any) accrued thereon. 
If a Note becomes due and payable under this Condition 6(i), the Trustee may institute such steps, 
including the obtaining of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the Notes, 
as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into 
liquidation (Sw: likvidation) but not otherwise and consequently if the Notes become due and 
payable under this Condition 6(i) the Issuer shall, with the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if 
such consent is required by the Applicable MREL Regulations), only be required to make such 
payment after it has been declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation). 
(ii) 
The Trustee may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to 
enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes 
(other than, without prejudice to Condition 6(i)) above, any obligation for the payment of any principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes) provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any 
such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have 
been payable by it. 
(iii) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Condition 6(i) and 6(ii) above or proving or 
claiming in the bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) or liquidation (Sw: likvidation) of the Issuer in the Kingdom 
of Sweden or elsewhere, shall be available to the Trustee or the Holders of Notes, whether for the 
recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of 
its obligations or undertakings under the Notes or the Trust Deed. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
does not affect the Trustee’s personal rights to be paid and/or indemnified. 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Taxing Jurisdiction, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by 
law. In that event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by any Holder after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable by 
such Holder in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; 
or 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to 
the relevant tax authority; or

--- Page 118 ---
106 
 
 
(iii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant Holder 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on 
the expiry of such period of 30 days.  
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the “Relevant Date” means, in respect of any payment, the 
date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys 
payable has not been received by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the first date on which the full amount of such moneys has been so received and 
notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any amounts to be paid with respect to 
any Note or Coupon will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to 
sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), 
any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into 
pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement, or any fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement 
entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code (or any law 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"), and no 
additional amounts shall be payable on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
(d) 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to 
any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 7. 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese 
Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee 
with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account 
to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a Euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws, regulations or directives applicable 
thereto in the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer agrees to be subject and the Issuer 
will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, 
regulations, directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Holders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. References to “Specified Currency” will include any successor currency under applicable 
law.

--- Page 119 ---
107 
 
 
(b) 
Payments in Respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes (whether in definitive or global form) will be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 8(a) above to the persons in whose name such Notes are 
registered at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the Registrar is located) immediately prior to the relevant 
payment date against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due 
only, endorsement) of such Notes at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Payments of interest due on a Registered Note (whether in definitive or global form) will be made in 
the manner specified in Condition 8(a) to the person in whose name such Note is registered (i) 
where in global form, at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) prior to such due date and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the 15th day (whether or not such 15th day is a 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located) (the “Record Date”)) prior to such due date. In the 
case of payments by cheque, cheques will be mailed to the Holder (or the first named of joint 
Holders) at such Holder’s registered address on the business day (as described above) immediately 
preceding the due date. 
If payment in respect of any Registered Notes is required by credit or transfer as referred to in 
Condition 8(a) above, application for such payment must be made by the Holder to the Registrar not 
later than the relevant Record Date. 
(c) 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 8(a) above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest 
in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Except as provided below, all payments of interest and principal with respect to Bearer Notes will be 
made at such paying agencies outside the United States as the Issuer may appoint from time to time 
and to accounts outside the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 120 ---
108 
 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to 
be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Definitive Bearer Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant Definitive Bearer Note. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
(d) 
Payments in Respect of Bearer Notes in Global Form 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any bearer global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive 
Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant bearer global Note, where 
applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such bearer global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
bearer global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(e) 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
The Holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the Holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note must look solely to DTC, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by 
the Issuer to, or to the order of, the Holder of such global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Bearer Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S.

--- Page 121 ---
109 
 
 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
Amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect 
of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars may, at the election of the 
beneficial holder of such Note, be paid by transfer by the Registrar (or the Principal Paying Agent 
acting on the Registrar’s behalf) to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange 
Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
Holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;  
(B) 
each Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(C) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(ii) 
either (I) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (II) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;

--- Page 122 ---
110 
 
 
(iv) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5(d)); 
and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 
or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant 
to the Trust Deed. 
9. 
Prescription 
(a) 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date therefor. 
(b) 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 8(c) or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 8(c). 
10. 
Agents 
The initial Agents and their respective initial specified offices are specified below. If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series of Notes, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer (with the prior written 
approval of the Trustee (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld)) reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint additional or other Agents 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) in a jurisdiction within 
continental Europe; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the Principal 
Paying Agent, and a Registrar and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Registrar (in the case of a Series of Registered Notes) which, if 
the Registrar originally appointed in respect of such Series had its specified office outside 
the United Kingdom, shall also have a specified office outside the United Kingdom; and 
(d) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange 
Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 8(e). 
The Agents reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified offices to some other 
specified office in the same city.

--- Page 123 ---
111 
 
 
Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the Agents, will be notified promptly to 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or of the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes), subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses incurred in 
such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar may require. Mutilated 
or defaced Notes and Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be delivered therefor. 
12. 
Meetings of Holders, Modification and Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Holders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Holders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including (without limitation) the modification of the Notes, the Coupons or of 
any provision of these Conditions or the Trust Deed. Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Any Extraordinary Resolution (i) duly passed at any 
meeting of Holders or (ii) passed by way of electronic consents given by Holders through the 
relevant clearing system(s) will be binding on all Holders, whether or not they are present at any 
meeting and whether or not they had voted on the resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Trustee, the Issuer or by the Trustee upon the request in 
writing of Holders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will 
be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more 
persons being or representing Holders whatever the aggregate principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that certain proposals (including any proposal to change any date 
fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or 
interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of 
any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of 
payments under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution) may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Holders at which one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than 75 per cent or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than 50 per cent in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding form a quorum. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Holders, 
whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Holders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Holders under the Trust Deed will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Holders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Holders, to (i) any modification of any provision of 
the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error 
or an error which is in the opinion of the Trustee proven and (ii) any other modification (except such

--- Page 124 ---
112 
 
 
modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required, as mentioned in the Trust Deed) 
and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any provision the Notes, of 
these Conditions or the Trust Deed or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any 
Event of Default shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the 
Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged 
to concur with the Issuer without the consent of the Holders in effecting (i) any Benchmark 
Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(e) and any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(f) 
(in each case, including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust 
Deed) and (ii) any substitution of a Series of Notes or variation of the terms of a Series of Notes 
and/or the terms of the Trust Deed in respect thereof in the circumstances and as otherwise set out 
in Condition 5(j). Any such modification, substitution, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be 
binding on the Holders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the 
Holders as soon as practicable. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee 
shall have regard to the general interests of the Holders as a class (but shall not have regard to any 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Holders whatever their number) and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for 
individual Holders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Holder 
be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment 
in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual Holders except to the 
extent already provided for in Condition 7 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or 
in substitution for, Condition 7 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
Any modification to these Conditions in relation to the Notes is subject to the prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator (if such permission is required by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendments to 
the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, without the consent of the 
Holders except as provided below, to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or 
of any previously substituted company as principal debtor under the Notes, Coupons and the Trust 
Deed provided always that the Trustee is satisfied that the interests of the Holders will not be 
materially prejudiced by the substitution, and certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed are 
complied with. Any such substitution in relation to any Series of Notes is subject to the prior consent 
of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
13. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable (subject to Condition 6), the Trustee may, at its 
discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit 
to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it need not take any such 
proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested 
in writing by Holders holding at least one-quarter in principal amount of the Notes outstanding, and 
(b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No Holder of 
Notes or Coupons may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become 
bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. The

--- Page 125 ---
113 
 
 
Trustee shall not be obliged to make a declaration as referred to in Condition 6(i) unless indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
14. 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with 
the Issuer and any entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
15. 
Notices 
To Holders of Registered Notes 
(a) 
In the case of any Registered Notes represented by a global Note, notices shall be deemed to be 
validly given if delivered to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by 
them to the persons shown in their respective records as having interests therein. Any notice so 
given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such delivery. 
Notices to Holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail to 
them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at their 
respective addresses as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing and, in addition, for so 
long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice 
will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules or by such other means as required by the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority. 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
(b) 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily 
newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if 
such publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English-language newspaper having 
general circulation in the United Kingdom approved by the Trustee or, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, if delivered to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective 
records as having interests therein. Provided that, in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange or 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and if the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by those rules or by such other means as required by the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of first such publication) or, as 
the case may be, on the date of such delivery. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to 
the Holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
To the Issuer 
(c) 
Notices to the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to the Issuer at its official address 
registered with the Swedish Companies Office from time to time, for the attention of the Head of 
Group Treasury, and will be deemed to have been validly given at the opening of business on the 
next day on which the Issuer’s principal office is open for business.

--- Page 126 ---
114 
 
 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Notes of any Series 
create and issue further notes, bonds or debentures having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes of such Series in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price, the first 
payment of interest, if any, on them and the date from which interest starts to accrue) and so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of such Series. 
17. 
Currency Indemnity 
The currency in which the Notes are denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Contractual Currency”) is the sole currency of account and payment for 
all sums payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, including damages. Any amount received or 
recovered in a currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a result of, or of the 
enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any Holder of a 
Note or a Coupon in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only 
constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the Contractual Currency which 
such Holder is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on 
the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on 
the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that amount is less than the amount in the 
Contractual Currency expressed to be due to any Holder of a Note or a Coupon in respect of such 
Note or Coupon the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against any loss sustained by such Holder as 
a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such Holder against any cost of making such 
purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent 
obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of 
action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Holder of a Note or a Coupon and 
shall continue in full force and effect despite any judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated 
amount in respect of any sum due in respect of the Notes or any judgment or order. Any such loss 
aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss suffered by the relevant Holder of a Note or a Coupon 
and no proof or evidence of any actual loss will be required by the Issuer. 
18. 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed, all matters arising from or 
connected with them and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except that the provisions 
in the Notes under Condition 3 and Clause 3 of the Trust Deed are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders that the courts of 
England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) arising from or connected 
with the Notes (including a Dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts referred to in Condition 18(b) are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue that 
any other courts are more appropriate or convenient. 
(d) 
Rights of Holders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 18(b) is for the benefit of the 
Trustee and the Holders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 18 prevents the Trustee or any 
Holder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) (including any Proceedings 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the

--- Page 127 ---
115 
 
 
Trust Deed) in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee and the 
Holders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered in connection with any Proceedings in England, to Business Sweden, The Swedish Trade 
& Invest Council at its office at 6th Floor, Winchester House, 5 Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 
2AG, United Kingdom. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service 
of process on the Issuer’s behalf, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Holder addressed to 
the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Trustee, appoint a further 
person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 
days, any Holder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Trustee. Nothing in this paragraph shall 
affect the right of any Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition 
applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(f) 
Acknowledgement of Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers: Notwithstanding and to the 
exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or understanding 
between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 18(f), includes each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each Holder 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise 
of Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof: 
(I) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(II) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and 
the issue to or conferral on the Holder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes; 
(III) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(IV) 
the amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18(f): 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts (as described in Condition 7) due on the Notes. 
References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which 
have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority;

--- Page 128 ---
116 
 
 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer; and 
“Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Sweden, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to the Resolution Act (Lagen 
(2015:1016 om resolution)) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules 
and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of 
the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
19. 
Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 129 ---
117 
 
 
5. 
Use and Estimated Net Amounts of Proceeds 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms be applied/allocated by the Issuer as follows:  
(a) 
where “General Business Purposes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general 
business purposes; or 
(b) 
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to a sub-portfolio of loans 
with a special purpose to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets that 
fulfil the Eligibility Criteria (as defined below) set out in the Issuer’s green bond framework, 
as amended from time to time (the “Swedbank Green Bond Framework”). 
The estimated net amount of proceeds of each Tranche of Notes will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Eligible Green Assets  
The Swedbank Green Bond Framework’s “Eligibility Criteria” are intended to provide environmental 
benefits and promote the transition to low-carbon, climate resilient and sustainable economies 
through loans and investments in Nordic and Baltic countries in one or more of the following areas 
(“Eligible Green Assets”): 
 
Renewable energy projects, defined as renewable energy from wind energy, solar energy 
and small-scale hydro energy (in the case of small-scale hydro energy, Eligible Green 
Assets will be limited to those in Baltic countries). 
 
Energy efficiency, defined as green buildings, including residential or commercial buildings 
that earn certain recognised third-party environmental certifications, or other energy 
efficiency projects, including infrastructure, technology and processes such as energy 
storage, smart grid solutions and district heating/cooling. 
 
Sustainable management of living natural resources, defined as sustainable forestry and 
agriculture that meet certain recognised third-party environmental standards. 
 
Pollution prevention and control, defined as sustainable waste management, including 
recycling, waste-to-energy generation, incineration of non-recyclable municipal waste and 
energy generation from forest biomass from forests that meet certain recognised third-party 
environmental standards. 
 
Clean transportation, defined as public passenger transport and low carbon vehicular 
solutions, systems and charging/supporting infrastructure aimed at reducing air pollution. 
Green Asset Evaluation and Selection Process 
Swedbank’s business units select potential eligible green assets and prepare applications with 
supporting documentation for submission to Swedbank’s Group Sustainability department. Group 
Sustainability then performs a sustainability analysis for each application to determine whether the 
relevant asset satisfies the Eligibility Criteria. If approved by Group Sustainability, the application is 
then submitted to Swedbank’s Green Bond Committee. The Green Bond Committee, chaired by the 
Head of Group Sustainability and comprising representatives from Group Risk, Group Treasury, 
LC&I and Swedish Banking, is responsible for final approval of all Eligible Green Assets.

--- Page 130 ---
118 
 
 
Management of Proceeds 
Once an Eligible Green Asset has been approved, it is registered in Swedbank’s green asset register 
(the “Green Asset Register”). Group Treasury monitors the Green Asset Register on a quarterly 
basis to ensure that all proceeds from Green Bond issuances are allocated to a corresponding 
amount of Eligible Green Assets. Group Treasury also ensures that the aggregate amount of Eligible 
Green Assets in the Green Asset Register is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount to be 
raised by a given issuance of Green Bonds. Proceeds of Green Bonds may be reallocated to other 
Eligible Green Assets during the term of the bond, including in the event that the original Eligible 
Green Assets are no longer the Green Assets Register. 
If for any reason the aggregate amount in the Green Asset Register is less than the total outstanding 
amount of Green Bonds issued, Swedbank will invest the excess proceeds in accordance with its 
internal sustainability policy framework and liquidity reserve requirements. 
Reporting 
Swedbank will, on an annual basis, publish an impact report (a “Green Bond Impact Report”). Each 
Green Bond Impact Report will detail the total amount of Eligible Green Assets in the Green Asset 
Register and the total amount of Green Bonds outstanding at its date. The Green Bond Impact 
Report will also provide details on the environmental impacts of the Eligible Green Assets at the 
portfolio level. Green Bond Impact Reports will be published until the maturity of the relevant Green 
Bonds and be made available on the Issuer’s website. For the avoidance of doubt, any information 
contained in, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website is not incorporated by reference, and does 
not constitute part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Swedbank has also engaged an independent external auditor to review the allocation of Green Bond 
proceeds to Eligible Green Assets. Such auditor will be requested to provide a limited assurance 
report on the compliance of the allocation of such proceeds with the Swedbank Green Bond 
Framework on an annual basis, which report will be included in the Green Bond Impact Report.  
The Swedbank Green Bond Framework is subject to change in all respects at any time without 
notice. In addition, neither Swedbank nor the Dealers make any assurance or representation as to (i) 
whether the Eligible Green Assets will meet the relevant environmental and sustainability criteria or 
the expectations of investors regarding environmental impact and sustainability performance, (ii) 
whether the net proceeds of any Green Bonds will be capable of being applied in, or substantially in, 
the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms or (iii) the specific 
characteristics of the Eligible Green Assets. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Structure of a 
Particular Issue of Notes—In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a 
“Green Bond”, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the 
investment criteria of an investor.”

--- Page 131 ---
119 
 
 
6. 
Swedbank  
6.1 
Overview 
Swedbank is a public limited liability bank company (Sw: Bankaktiebolag) incorporated under the 
laws of the Kingdom of Sweden and headquartered in Stockholm. It has its registered office at 
SE-105 34 Stockholm, with its head office at Landsvägen 40, 172 63 Sundbyberg and its telephone 
number is +46 (0)8 5859 0000. It has been registered in the Swedish Companies Registration Office 
in Sundsvall under registration number 502017-7753. Swedbank’s shares are listed on NASDAQ 
OMX Stockholm. Swedbank was incorporated on April 24, 1942. 
As of December 31, 2020, the Group served a total of 7.3 million private customers and 548,000 
corporate customers and organisations through approximately 430 branches in 10 countries, 
primarily in its principal markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. This includes customers 
reached through 58 associated independent savings banks that collaborate with Swedbank. The 
terms of such collaboration are governed by a common framework agreement which is agreed with 
the national association of savings banks, Sparbankernas Riksförbund, with each savings bank 
signing up to this agreement individually. During 2020, 9 branches were closed in Sweden, mainly 
due to changing customer behaviour where customers chose to interact with the Group digitally 
instead of visiting branch offices.  
The Group offers a broad range of products and services, including retail banking, corporate and 
investment banking, asset management and insurance products, and the majority of the Group’s 
income in 2020 derived from its Swedish banking services. As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s 
loans to the public, excluding the SNDO and repurchase agreements, amounted to SEK 1,616 
billion. The Group recorded SEK 21,116 million in profit before impairments for the year ended 
December 31, 2020 and SEK 25,976 million in profit before impairments for the year ended 
December 31, 2019. Credit impairments for the year ended December 31, 2020 amounted to SEK 
4,334 million. Net profit attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank for the year ended December 
31, 2020 amounted to SEK 12,929 million and SEK 19,697 million for the year ended December 31, 
2019. As of December 31, 2020, the Group had 16,213 full-time employees.  
The Group has a history dating back to 1820 when the first savings bank was founded in Sweden. In 
the early 1990s, each of Sparbanken Sverige and Föreningsbanken was merged with a number of 
regional savings banks and regional agricultural co-operative banks, respectively. In 1997, 
Sparbanken 
Sverige 
and 
Föreningsbanken 
merged 
to 
form 
FöreningsSparbanken. 
FöreningsSparbanken changed its name to Swedbank in 2006. Swedbank expanded its operations 
into the Baltic countries (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania) in 1996 when it acquired a 12.5 per cent 
stake in Eesti Hoiupank, a bank that merged with Hansabank in 1998. In 1999, Swedbank acquired 
additional shares, resulting in a 50 per cent ownership of the shares in Hansabank and, in 2005, 
acquired all outstanding shares in Hansabank (now Swedbank AS).  The Group consists of four 
business segments: Swedish Banking, Baltic Banking, LC&I and Group Functions & Other.  
6.2 
Strategy  
Swedbank’s strategy is to be a full-service bank with product offerings based on customer needs, 
high cost-efficiency and a low risk profile, aiming to create stability and predictability for our 
shareholders. Swedbank updated its strategic direction in 2020 and placed sustainability at the core 
of its business strategy. As a result of this updated business strategy, Swedbank has decided not to 
grant new financing in connection with the prospecting of new oil and gas fields or the 
unconventional extraction of fossil fuels.

--- Page 132 ---
120 
 
 
6.2.1 
Available Full-Service Bank 
Swedbank offers households, institutions, and businesses, both large and small, an accessible full-
service bank in its four home markets: Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Swedbank offers its 
customers a range of banking services, everything from basic transactions to sophisticated advisory 
services and provides customers with a large, modern distribution network, making it easy for a 
broad base of customers to manage their finances. Swedbank provides efficient digital solutions for 
day-to-day financial needs and comprehensive advice through direct contact with Swedbank 
employees.  
6.2.2 
Offerings Based on our Customers’ Needs 
Products which reflect customer needs and expectations are crucial to Swedbank’s success. 
Digitisation increases opportunities to meet each customer’s specific needs with the right offering. 
Swedbank creates better targeted offerings by analysing customer data and using each advisor’s 
experiences and knowledge. 
6.2.3 
Low Risk 
The foundation for Swedbank’s sustainable growth is a low risk profile. Swedbank’s lending is 
financed through deposits and capital market funding. Current low financing costs are the result of 
stable profitability in combination with high-quality lending and solid capitalisation. This is a 
prerequisite for winning the trust of the capital markets and benefits all of Swedbank’s stakeholders. 
Maintaining stable earnings over time requires not only a low credit risk level, where each borrower’s 
solvency, solidity and collateral are carefully assessed, but also the ability to quickly adapt to market 
conditions and changing customer preferences. The Group’s credit impairments amounted to SEK 
4,334 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, mainly related to increased provisions for a few 
large oil-related counterparties, negative risk class changes in pandemic affected industries and 
post-model expert credit adjustments due to the uncertainty surrounding future economic impacts of 
COVID-19. A large portion of the credit impairments was concentrated in LC&I. The credit 
impairments corresponded to a credit impairment ratio of 0.26 per cent for the year ended December 
31, 2020, compared to a credit impairment of SEK 1,469 million, corresponding to a credit 
impairment ratio of 0.09 per cent. for the year ended December 31, 2019 and a credit impairment of 
SEK 521 million, corresponding to a credit impairment ratio of 0.03 per cent for the year ended 
December 31, 2018. For further analysis of credit impairment ratios, refer to the section “Risk 
Factors—Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Financial Situation—Economic and market conditions have 
caused substantial credit impairments in the past, and future credit impairments could have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations.” 
6.2.4 
High Cost Efficiency 
To remain competitive in the long-term, Swedbank is committed to improvements in cost efficiency 
and optimizing internal processes, which in turn create opportunities for the Group to invest in its 
products and channels and offer competitive prices to its customers. Specifically, our focus is to use 
technology and automation to reduce complexity, standardise products and offerings and increase 
efficiency in processes and the ways we work, with the ultimate goal of realising additional value 
from our investments and resources. The Group’s cost/income ratio was 0.54 for the year ended 
December 31, 2020, 0.43 for the year ended December 31, 2019 and 0.38 for the year ended 
December 31, 2018. Due to the SFSA administrative fine of SEK 4 billion in 2020, Swedbank 
experienced higher costs, which affected our cost/income ratio. Excluding the impact of the 
administrative fine, our cost/income ratio for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 0.45.

--- Page 133 ---
121 
 
 
6.3 
Business Segments  
The Group is comprised of four business segments. 
6.3.1 
Swedish Banking 
Swedish Banking is the Group’s largest business segment, offering a complete range of financial 
products and services to private customers as well as small and medium-sized companies through 
159 branches as well as through telephone and internet banking. Through co-operation with local 
associated independent savings banks and partly-owned banks, the Group also offers its products 
through 190 additional branches, as of December 31, 2020. Swedish Banking is supported by a 
number of subsidiaries in Sweden such as Swedbank Mortgage (responsible for long-term mortgage 
lending) and Swedbank Robur (fund management and institutional and discretionary asset 
management). Loans to the public in Swedish Banking represented 75 per cent of the Group’s total 
loans to the public outstanding as of December 31, 2020.  
Mikael Björknert was appointed Head of Swedish Banking in 2019. Swedbank made major 
organisational changes to create simpler and clearer decision-making structures and facilitate the 
realisation of the bank’s strategy. As part of this change, most of the Customer Value Management 
unit, which among other things supports the Group with customer data analysis as a basis for 
designing offers, became part of the Swedish Banking business area as of January 2020. 
6.3.2 
Baltic Banking 
Baltic Banking offers a broad range of financial products and banking services, including mortgages, 
business and consumer loans, savings and current accounts, life insurance and leasing in Estonia, 
Latvia and Lithuania through 82 branches as of December 31, 2020 as well as through telephone 
and internet banking. 
The Group holds leading positions in several key market segments in its Baltic home markets.2 
Loans to the public in Baltic Banking represented 11 per cent of the Group’s total loans to the public 
outstanding as of December 31, 2020. Jon Lidefelt was appointed the acting head of Baltic Banking 
after the departure of Charlotte Elsnitz in 2019 and took office as the new head of Baltic Banking on 
July 9, 2020.  
6.3.3 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
LC&I is responsible for Swedbank’s products and services for the largest companies and financial 
institutions. LC&I offers everything from traditional bank lending advice to liquidity management 
trading in financial instruments and analysis. LC&I is also responsible for developing corporate and 
capital market products for Swedish and Baltic Banking and the savings banks. LC&I is present in 
Sweden, Norway, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Finland, Denmark, China, the United States and South 
Africa. Loans to the public in LC&I represented 14 per cent of the Group’s total loans to the public 
outstanding as of December 31, 2020.  
In 2020, Ola Laurin stepped down as the head of LC&I with Björn Meltzer as the new acting head, 
effective January 15, 2021. 
                                                     
2 
Swedbank estimates based on: (1) management accounts as to Swedbank presence, (2) Estonian Central Bank data as to 
Estonian market size, (3) Association of Commercial Banks of Latvia and The Financial and Capital Market Commission (Latvia) 
data as to Latvian market size and (4) Association of Lithuanian Banks data as to Lithuanian market size.

--- Page 134 ---
122 
 
 
6.3.4 
Group Functions & Other 
Group Functions & Other consists of centralised business support units and the client advisory unit 
Group Financial Products & Advice. The central units serve as strategic and administrative support 
and comprise Accounting & Finance, Communication, Risk, Digital Banking & IT, Compliance, Public 
Affairs, Human Resources and Legal. Group Treasury is responsible for Swedbank’s funding, 
liquidity and capital planning. In addition, Group Treasury sets the prices on all internal deposit and 
loan flows in the Group through internal interest rates, where the most important parameters are 
maturity, interest fixing period, currency and need for liquidity reserves.  
6.4 
Products and Services  
6.4.1 
Mortgage Lending Products 
The products offered primarily consist of loans secured by mortgages over underlying residential, 
agricultural and forest properties. Consumer real estate loans include fixed and variable rate loans 
for home purchase and refinancing needs. 
The Group, through Swedbank Mortgage, is one of Sweden’s leading mortgage lenders with a 
market share of 23 per cent as of December 31, 2020 and 2019.3 As of December 31, 2020, 
Swedbank Mortgage’s outstanding Swedish mortgage loan portfolio amounted to SEK 1,054 billion, 
of which SEK 844 billion derived from private customers. Swedish mortgage lending represented 50 
per cent of the Group’s total loans to the public outstanding as of December 31, 2020. Both 
Swedbank and Swedbank Mortgage originate mortgages. Swedbank Mortgage is responsible for the 
origination of standard mortgage loans with up to an 85 per cent LTV ratio, whereas Swedbank is 
responsible for originating other loans including uncollateralised loans. The volume-weighted 
average LTV ratio in Swedbank Mortgage’s private residential loan portfolio was 54 per cent as of 
December 31, 2020, calculated on a property level (which gives effect to multiple mortgage loans on 
a given property). To benefit customers by offering a broad range of home buying services and 
reducing costs, while creating the opportunity to acquire profitable new businesses in this segment, 
the Group creates economies of scale by co-operating with a number of partners including 
Swedbank’s subsidiary, Swedbank Fastighetsbyrå, various home builders and other construction 
companies.  
Swedbank Mortgage’s products primarily consist of loans secured by Swedish residential, 
agricultural and forest properties. 
Swedbank Mortgage lends exclusively in Sweden and primarily provides long-term loans secured by 
first ranking mortgages on existing properties. More than half of Swedbank Mortgage’s mortgage 
loan portfolio consists of loans to owners of single-family homes. It also grants loans for tenant-
owner rights, multi-family housing, tenant-owner associations, municipalities, commercial properties 
and to the agriculture and forestry sector. The volume-weighted average LTV ratio calculated on all 
loans and property types in Swedbank Mortgage was 51 per cent as of December 31, 2020. 
Loans for single-family homes are primarily secured by first ranking mortgages and have interest 
rates fixed for between 60 days and 10 years. Swedbank Mortgage’s loans are either interest-only 
loans or amortised over 10-60 years. Swedbank Mortgage’s lending to single-family housing is 
limited to 85 per cent of the market value of the property. Loans may be granted to applicants who 
have a prior ranking mortgage over their property with another lender, provided that the aggregated 
amount and ranking of the prior ranking mortgage and the Group’s own exposure under its mortgage 
is not higher than 85 per cent of the value of the mortgaged property.  
                                                     
3 
Statistics Sweden (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2021-01-31, www.scb.se.

--- Page 135 ---
123 
 
 
6.4.2 
General Mortgage Loan Features 
The mortgage loans originated by Swedbank Mortgage have the following key features: 
Purpose of loans – A mortgage loan may be for the purpose of purchasing or refinancing a property. 
Typically, this property will be a primary residence (i.e. a single-family home or a tenant-owner right), 
but it can also be a vacation home, a multi-family home (including loans to tenant-owner 
associations) or an agricultural/forestry property. Swedbank Mortgage’s portfolio also comprises 
loans to the public sector. 
Repayment profile – Mortgage loans may be straight line or serial repayment loans. In certain 
circumstances, an ‘interest only’ period may be established within the repayment profile, typically at 
the start of the mortgage loan’s term. 
Early repayment – All mortgage loans contain the option for the borrower to make early repayments, 
in some cases conditional upon payment of interest compensation. 
Other fees – Minor fees are charged to the borrower at the origination of the mortgage loan and on 
each regular payment date (i.e. quarterly or every second month). 
Interest accrual – Interest on a mortgage loan accrues daily. 
Maturity of a mortgage loan – The term of a mortgage loan may vary from 10 to 60 years, but the 
typical maturity is 30 years and the historically observed, typical weighted average life of a mortgage 
loan (which depends on the borrower’s repayment behaviour) is estimated to be 5 to 7 years, 
depending on the method of calculation. 
Consumers’ debt servicing capacity is tested using a model based on the net income and expenses 
of the borrower's household, taking into account a stressed scenario for affordability including a 
substantial interest rate increase (as of 2020, plus three percentage points above the current five-
year fixed rate, at a minimum of 7 per cent). As of September 2015, Swedbank introduced new 
amortisation guidelines in line with the SFSA’s amortisation requirements which were implemented 
in June 2016. These amortisation guidelines and requirements include amortisation of 2 per cent 
annually for LTV ratios over 70 per cent and a 1 per cent amortisation for LTV ratios between 50 and 
70 per cent. In addition to these amortisation and LTV thresholds, the SFSA implemented an 
amortisation requirement applicable as of March 1, 2018 impacting households taking a new 
mortgage with debt-to-income ratio above 450 per cent. This requirement increases annual 
amortisation for such mortgages by 1 percentage point above the currently applicable amortisation 
level. This amortisation requirement was implemented as of March 1, 2018.  
Swedbank Mortgage’s loans are distributed by the Group through its approximately 160 branches 
and the approximately 190 branches of the associated independent savings banks and in some 
situations also through Swedbank’s digital channels. The Group is also a leading mortgage lender in 
the Baltic countries, according to the relevant bank association4 in each respective country, and the 
mortgage products the Group offers there are adapted to its client base in the Baltic countries, 
comprising mainly Baltic homeowners. The main products offered by Baltic Banking include 
residential loans for home buying or building and loans which are mainly used for renovating and 
furnishing homes. Both products are continually adapted to meet customers’ needs.  
                                                     
4 
Estonia: Estonian Banking Association; Latvia: Association of Latvian Commercial Banks; Lithuania: Association of Lithuanian 
Banks.

--- Page 136 ---
124 
 
 
6.4.3 
Corporate Banking Products 
The Group offers a full range of corporate banking products and services for small and medium-
sized business clients and large and multinational corporate customers, including financing, cash 
management, leasing products, investment and risk-management services. In addition, the Group 
offers mortgage lending and lending to the agricultural and forestry industries through Swedbank 
Mortgage. 
The products offered include corporate loans as well as credit facilities adapted to meet the 
customers’ needs. Real estate loans are primarily aimed at public and private developers, home 
builders and commercial real estate companies. 
6.4.4 
Investment Banking Products 
The Group offers equity, fixed income and currency trading, project, export and acquisition financing 
and corporate services as part of its LC&I business. 
6.4.5 
Consumer Lending Products 
The Group offers a range of personal loans, both secured and unsecured, to its retail customers. 
These can be made for specific purposes, such as vehicle loans, or as general purpose personal 
loans. 
6.4.6 
Savings and Investment Products 
The Group offers a comprehensive range of deposit-related products, including traditional savings 
accounts and current accounts tailored to different customer segments. Through asset management 
and insurance, the Group offers its customers a comprehensive range of investment products, 
including equity funds, fixed income funds, insurance products and individual pension savings 
products. 
6.4.7 
Payment Services 
The Group offers a broad range of payment products, including debit, transaction services and card 
infrastructure and, as of December 31, 2020, the Group had 8.1 million bank cards in circulation. In 
retail transactions, the Group emphasises convenience and time saving by making automatic 
payment options available to the Group’s customers through direct debit or other electronic 
channels, such as e-bills or mobile and card payments. For corporate cash management, the focus 
is on offering clients a packaged, integrated solution. To meet the increased competition and the 
shift in customer preferences from brick-and-mortar to e-commerce, the Group has developed a new 
full-service offer, Swedbank Pay, which brings together products and services from Swedbank and 
PayEx under a single brand in the Nordic market. Through Swedbank Pay, the Group helps 
companies both large and small to conveniently accept payment from their customers, through credit 
cards, e-commerce or in stores. 
6.5 
Information Technology  
6.5.1 
Overview – Digital Banking & IT 
Swedbank operates a federated information technology (“IT”) delivery model. Application 
development and maintenance is distributed into individual Business Areas and Group Functions, 
whereas responsibility for core infrastructure and operation IT services as well as governance 
functions is located in the Digital Banking & IT unit. Merging IT infrastructure and operation with 
Digital Banking, which was effective as of January 1, 2020, brought together expertise in the

--- Page 137 ---
125 
 
 
development of digital services, customer experience and infrastructure. Additionally, Swedbank 
realised approximately SEK 25 million in IT cost savings in 2020 due to synergies resulting from this 
merger. Although substantial progress has already been made in 2020 (such as the development of 
a joint mission statement, clarified roles and responsibilities and consolidation of KPIs), Swedbank 
will continue its efforts to merge and harmonise its organisational culture in 2021. 
Swedbank IT serves the Group in Sweden and the Baltic countries. In addition, Swedbank IT 
provides IT services to those associated independent savings banks in Sweden co-operating with 
the Group and which offer mortgage loans funded by Swedbank Mortgage. The main data centres 
are located in Sweden and Estonia and contain sufficient back-up storage. 
The organisation is business-driven and delivers IT services based on service agreements with the 
business side of the Group. IT infrastructure and operation services are organised to ensure 
economies of scale, efficiency, availability and to reduce operational risk. Special functions are 
defined to work on IT governance issues such as the IT strategy, IT architecture and IT agile way of 
working. 
The Group uses hardware and software provided by different vendors. The Group complements its 
internal resources by employing IT consultants and has offshore agreements with Infosys, Cognizant 
and Cap Gemini S.A. 
To increase customer satisfaction, the Group aims to improve its ability to offer products and 
services appropriate to meet the needs of each customer group. For customers in need of less 
complex financial advice, the Group aims to provide relevant, simple and effective offerings, 
primarily through its electronic channels. In particular, the Group aims to improve internet, mobile 
and telephone banking services in an effort to make routine banking services simpler and more 
efficient, and thereby making them more cost efficient for the Group. In response to changing 
technologies, customers’ habits have changed, which has impacted the traditional role of the bank 
branch. 
During COVID-19, Swedbank worked quickly to establish digital solutions for its customers as well 
as to enable staff to work from home, in a manner to help minimise the spread of infection while 
maintaining operational efficiency. Such initiatives included increasing accessibility channels that do 
not require physical meetings, such as the telephone bank and the digital channels, and extending 
branch hours in order to reduce crowding. The Group has also increased the capacity and 
strengthened the stability of its IT systems to handle the increased data traffic. In particular, in March 
2020, Swedbank implemented a new remote access channel called ‘VPN3’ with capacity for 10,000+ 
concurrent remote users. VPN3 enables secure remote access to Swedbank applications and allows 
Swedbank employees to work remotely and continue to fulfil their responsibilities during COVID-19. 
Currently, there are approximately 9,000 concurrent users on Swedbank’s remote access channels 
on a daily basis. We also implemented a process for on-boarding Swedbank services in the remote 
access channels, which sets requirements for risk and compliance reviews and technical 
implementation. 
Customers can satisfy most of their routine banking requirements through alternate channels such 
as ATMs, debit cards, telephone banking, the internet and mobile devices. The Group’s digital bank 
services have approximately 5 million digitally active customers. Through information and a 
differentiated pricing model, the Group intends to make it easier for customers to select the most 
effective way to communicate with Swedbank for a variety of matters, as evidenced, for example, by 
a number of new digital functions launched by Swedbank in recent years, which make everyday 
banking easier for customers.

--- Page 138 ---
126 
 
 
6.5.2 
IT Strategy and Key Initiatives 
In January 2021, Swedbank launched an updated IT strategy (the “Swedbank Tech Strategy”) to 
support the Group’s business strategy from a technical and IT perspective. This strategy recognises 
that Swedbank’s success as a bank will depend on its ability to close the gaps between its business 
and IT capabilities, to modernise and to eliminate technical issues that inhibit Swedbank’s ability to 
operate quickly and flexibly. The Swedbank Tech Strategy will also support Swedbank’s efforts to 
accelerate its technological modernisation while maintaining an uncompromising focus on security, 
stability and efficiency and continuing to deliver efficient and sustainable solutions to its customers. 
This strategy also exemplifies Swedbank’s ability to integrate and collaborate with others, allowing it 
to leverage the scalability of its IT industry (e.g., with partners, vendors and other third-party 
channels) in which it operates. The Swedbank Tech Strategy outlines four strategic focus areas to 
support the Group in the next five years:  
 
The investment agenda for the full year 2021, in the amount of approximately SEK 2.8 billion, is 
designed to support the Group’s strategic transformation as outlined in Swedbank’s Group strategy 
and the Swedbank Tech Strategy. The planned investments in 2021 center around the Group’s 
focus areas and involve several changes that have already been presented and approved by the 
Board of Directors. As per the strategic focus for 2021, the primary focus for the investment plan is 
on fundamentals as evidenced by the share of investments and resources allocated to regulatory 
and lifecycle activities. The digitisation efforts to improve our customer experience and offering also 
forms a substantial component of the IT agenda. In addition, there will also be investments 
dedicated to the lifecycle investment required to maintain the business.

--- Page 139 ---
127 
 
 
 
Swedbank has set an ambitious target to be an industry leader in confronting cyber threats. In 2017, 
Swedbank revised its information security strategy to better accommodate the continuously evolving 
cyber threat landscape. In 2019 and 2020, Cyber Security Initiatives completed 91 per cent (546.600 
points) of target activities. An additional 29 points have been delivered through other activities 
outside the program, contributing to security improvements, bringing overall contribution to 96 per 
cent.  
Swedbank’s market share in its home markets makes maintaining cybersecurity a necessity. 
Swedbank also takes on a sustainable position beyond mere compliance and contributes to a sound 
and secure digital environment in its home markets by putting a high priority on sharing security 
intelligence and security knowledge with peers and authorities. Although security may sometimes be 
in conflict with usability, Swedbank aims to strike the right balance between security and usability by 
requiring both – making sure that all of its services are secured and user-friendly before they can be 
released to the market.  
In 2020, a new reporting structure replaced the existing system used to measure the Group’s cyber 
security initiatives. The new reporting structure improves adherence to defined priority information 
security areas throughout the Group, anticipates information security risks through common key 
performance and key risk indicators, raises awareness and accountability within each Business Area 
and Group Function and focuses activities and support where it is needed most. In addition, the 
Group has transitioned from running a centralised cyber security program to running security 
activities within the regular management organisation (including Business areas, Group Functions 
and the Group Information Security function) in order to build a strong security culture within the 
Group. For instance, the IT units for each Business Area complete common ‘Information Security 
Scorecards,’ which allows the Group Risk and Compliance Committee to get an objective overview 
of security levels in different teams, to define areas for further progress and to measure such 
progress. The Group Risk and Compliance Committee discusses and follows-up on action items 
relating to the scorecards on a monthly basis.

--- Page 140 ---
128 
 
 
In addition, the Group continuously evaluates its IT infrastructure and operations. In 2020, the Group 
implemented a KPI tracking system called “Stability Score” to monitor and evaluate its IT service 
stability and infrastructure lifecycle on a regular basis and replace aging or out-of-date IT 
infrastructure components before any issues arise. 
In addition, in February 2020, the Group initiated a resilience program with an external partner to 
ensure long term resilience against systems disruption. The resilience program is designed to: 1) 
secure immediate stability; 2) conduct gap analysis to anticipate future challenges and 3) implement 
a roadmap to achieve the target state identified from the gap analysis. The targets set for 2020 have 
been fulfilled and a roadmap to further enhance the Group’s IT resilience has been set for the next 
two to three years. In the coming years, expected focus includes:   
 
Deployment of integrated delivery pipelines enabling continuous delivery and continuous 
integration (CI/CD) practices in line with best market practice; 
 
Establishment of test automation and quality assurance capabilities to minimize manual 
interventions and improve quality, productivity and time-to-market;  
 
Modernization of card issuing (first step corporate), to address one of the most critical 
application areas in terms of technical debt and resilience risk; 
 
Core infrastructure/network resilience to lay the foundations for our infrastructure target state 
with a new fault tolerant network and upgrading our compute and storage set-up; and  
 
Infrastructure service standardization, to reduce complexity and drive self-service adoption 
and cost transparency. 
6.6 
Related Party Transactions 
During the year ended December 31, 2020, normal business transactions were executed between 
companies in the Group, including other related companies and affiliates. Significant affiliates 
include five partly-owned saving banks. Other significant relationships are with Swedbank’s pension 
funds foundation and Sparinstitutens Pensionkassa SPK, which safeguard the post-retirement 
benefits of the employees in the Swedish entities within the Group. These related parties use 
Swedbank for customary banking services. For additional information, please see note G53 in the 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 
2020 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
6.7 
Legal Proceedings 
In February 2019, the television program "Uppdrag granskning," broadcast by the Swedish public 
broadcaster Sveriges Television, alleged that customers who may have been involved in money 
laundering transferred significant sums of money through the Group's Baltic subsidiaries. The Group 
is currently conducting a broad investigation in relation to these allegations. In addition, authorities in 
Sweden, the Baltics and the United States are conducting investigations regarding the Group’s 
historical compliance with applicable anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and regulations.  
The SFSA and the EFSA conducted separate but close investigations into money laundering 
allegations at the Group, as well as related issues involving the Group’s anti-money laundering 
controls, procedures and governance.

--- Page 141 ---
129 
 
 
6.7.1 
SFSA Investigation 
The SFSA investigation into Swedbank AB’s governance of anti-money laundering measures in the 
Baltic operations launched in April 2019 and included the period 2015 to the first quarter of 2019. 
The SFSA investigation into Swedbank AB’s compliance with Swedish legislation regarding 
anti-money laundering and terrorism financing was initiated in November 2018 and covered the 
period April to November 2018, focusing on business risk assessment, risk classification of 
customers, policies and instructions, know-your-customer files, transaction monitoring and reporting 
of suspicious activities to external investigative bodies. The investigation was limited to traditional 
high-risk customer categories such as politically exposed persons and private-banking customers. 
The Group replied to the SFSA’s requests for comment on preliminary observations and 
conclusions, concurring with many of their observations and conclusions. On March 19, 2020, the 
SFSA announced that in relation to Swedbank’s Swedish operations, Swedbank has deficiencies in 
its risk classification of customers and its transaction monitoring and concluded that Swedbank has 
not met the anti-money laundering requirements in its Swedish operations. The SFSA also 
announced that Swedbank had large deficiencies in its governance of the risk of money laundering 
in its Baltic operations, finding its processes, routines and control systems insufficient; and noted 
that the Baltic subsidiaries lacked adequate resources to combat money laundering. The SFSA 
stated that despite internal and external reports warning about deficiencies in the Baltic operations 
and the risk of money laundering, Swedbank did not take proper and sufficient action. In addition, 
the SFSA noted that in their opinion, in some instances, Swedbank withheld documentation and 
information and in one case, in March 2019, Swedbank provided the SFSA with false information. As 
a result of the investigation, the SFSA issued Swedbank a warning and an administrative fine of SEK 
4 billion. Swedbank announced that it accepted the decision of the SFSA and paid the fine in 2020.  
6.7.2 
EFSA Investigation 
The EFSA’s investigation was conducted from April to mid-November 2019 and assessed the set-up 
of the anti-money laundering organisation of Swedbank's Estonian subsidiary, the activities of 
management and staff in combatting money laundering and terrorist financing, the identification, 
analysis, management and mitigation of risks and the application of due diligence measures during 
the establishment of business relationships and the provision of services. The Group replied to the 
EFSA’s requests for comment on preliminary observations and conclusions, concurring with many of 
their observations and conclusions. On March 19, 2020, the EFSA announced that the Estonian 
subsidiary had severe deficiencies in its anti-money laundering risk control systems and that the 
bank failed to meet anti-money laundering requirements, noting examples of where the subsidiary 
withheld information during the investigation. The EFSA issued a precept that obliges Swedbank’s 
Estonian subsidiary to take comprehensive measures to properly understand and mitigate past and 
current risks. In addition, the Estonian subsidiary must review and amend its organisational 
framework to more effectively manage risks, change its practices in understanding client activities 
and must review practices for reporting suspicious transactions to the appropriate external 
investigative body and operational risk to EFSA. On November 19, 2020, Swedbank AS submitted a 
final report describing the actions taken to comply with the EFSA precept. On January 28, 2021, 
EFSA informed Swedbank AS that it considered activities and evidence delivered under the final 
report adequate and did not require additional remarks. EFSA will follow up on implementation 
activities as part of regular supervisory inspections. The Estonian state prosecutor’s office launched 
a parallel criminal investigation into the Estonian subsidiary to determine whether money laundering 
or other criminal acts occurred but has not disclosed a timeframe as to when it expects to announce 
a decision. As in many other countries, double jeopardy is not permitted in Estonia, and therefore the 
EFSA terminated its own misdemeanour investigation into the Estonian subsidiary in November 
2019 to allow the prosecutor to continue with its criminal investigation. If the Estonian Prosecutor’s 
Office finds evidence of money laundering or other criminal acts, it could charge individuals or 
Swedbank's Estonian subsidiary with criminal liability, which could include imprisonment for

--- Page 142 ---
130 
 
 
convicted individuals or a fine of up to EUR 16 million per conviction. Swedbank does not have any 
information as to whether the Estonian subsidiary will be treated as a suspect in this case. 
6.7.3 
Other investigations 
In March 2019, the Swedish Economic Crime Authority (“EBM”) also launched an investigation into 
whether any crimes were committed in connection with the disclosure of information. EBM 
conducted a search and seizure of the Group’s premises to determine whether any crimes were 
committed. To date, the Group is unaware of allegations against any individuals. The Group does 
not know when the EBM´s investigation will be completed, though the EBM clarified in April 2019 
that it is not proceeding with allegations against any individuals regarding alleged money laundering 
during the period of 2006-2012. 
The European Central Bank (“ECB”) also initiated an investigation of the Group’s operation in the 
Baltic countries. The ECB completed their investigation and the Group is implementing a number of 
remedies regarding governance, including control of subsidiaries.  
In addition to the investigations regarding anti-money laundering controls, U.S. authorities are also 
investigating whether any crimes or fraud were committed in connection with Swedbank’s disclosure 
of information regarding anti-money laundering issues. The Group does not currently know when the 
investigations may be concluded, or whether any sanctions or penalties may be imposed.  
Based on findings as a result of the Clifford Chance LLP investigation, discussed below, the Group 
notified OFAC on March 11, 2020 of 586 (which figure was corrected to 540 in December 2020) 
transactions amounting to approximately USD 4.8 million (which figure was corrected to 4.5 million in 
December 2020) which constitute potential OFAC violations. 95 per cent of the transactions were 
processed by the Group in the 2015 – 2016 period. Of the 586 transactions, 508 transactions 
constitute salary payments and payments associated with the operation of a vessel whose owner 
and operator are located in Crimea and used Swedbank in the Baltics. The Clifford Chance 
investigation included all USD denominated transactions from the three Baltic subsidiaries in 
Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, processed through the U.S. financial system during the period March 
22, 2014 through March 22, 2019. 
On September 18, 2020, Swedbank received notification from the SFSA that it was investigating 
Swedbank for suspected historical breaches of MAR. The investigation encompasses the period 
from September 20, 2018 to February 20, 2019 and pertains to disclosure of insider information and 
the obligation to establish an insider list (Articles 17 and 18) in connection with the disclosure of 
suspected money laundering within the bank. 
6.7.4 
Clifford Chance Investigation 
In February 2019, the Group hired an external law firm, Clifford Chance LLP, to lead an internal 
investigation to confirm facts and circumstances linked to historical shortcomings in Swedbank’s 
anti-money laundering systems and controls from January 2007 through March 2019. The 
investigation included, among other things, a review of Swedbank and its global network of 
branches, as well as relevant wholly-owned subsidiaries. The investigation also covered customers, 
transactions and how the Group handled internal and external information disclosures. In total, over 
30 billion transactions made between 2007 and March 2019 were included in the investigation, of 
which 15 billion were from Baltic Banking. The investigation also included an assessment of potential 
non-compliance by the Baltic subsidiaries or their customers with OFAC sanctions. 
The investigation was presented to the Board and parts of the Group’s management on March 21, 
2020 and released to the public on March 23, 2020. The broad investigation included billions of

--- Page 143 ---
131 
 
 
transaction records, approximately 160 million customer records and over 38 terabytes of electronic 
and scanned hard copy data. Clifford Chance also conducted nearly 100 interviews of 81 individuals, 
including current and former employees, managers and senior executives, current and former Board 
members and external counsel. Steps were taken to ensure compliance with applicable privacy, 
bank secrecy, employment and other relevant legal regimes. 
The investigation also included an assessment of potential sanctions breaches in the Baltic 
subsidiaries, including approximately 26.6 million transaction messages and 1.8 million USD-
denominated payments during a five-year period from March 22, 2014 through March 22, 2019. Of 
these transactions, the investigation identified 582 transactions (totalling approximately USD 4.76 
million), processed by the Baltic subsidiaries that may not have complied with OFAC blocking 
sanctions or country embargos. None of the 582 transactions involved any OFAC-listed persons, 
and nearly all of them occurred prior to 2017, when the Baltic subsidiaries implemented an 
automated payment screening solution. 
Governance 
The investigation did not conclude that Swedbank engaged in money laundering or processed 
customer transactions that constituted the proceeds of crime. Among other things, this would require 
definitive knowledge of a customer’s source of funds, which was not available. However, the 
investigation revealed that the Group, throughout the period from January 2007 to March 2019, and 
to varying degrees across LC&I, Swedish Banking and Baltic Banking had inadequate systems and 
controls to ensure proper management of anti-money laundering and economic sanctions risks from 
its customer base, thus exposing Swedbank and the Baltic subsidiaries to significant anti-money 
laundering and sanctions risk. The risk was most prevalent in the Baltic subsidiaries, primarily in 
Estonia from its HRNR business. From before 2007 until 2016, Swedbank’s subsidiaries in Estonia 
and Latvia actively pursued high risk customers as a business strategy. For example, despite a 
special committee in the Estonian subsidiary to review customer on-boarding and maintenance of 
HRNR customers, the committee approved high risk customers without having complete 
documentation regarding the ultimate beneficial owners, proof of funding sources or explanation of 
legitimate business purposes and did not address red flags that arose from the information provided. 
Some corporate customers had complex and opaque ownership structures involving off-shore 
entities organized in low tax jurisdictions, as well as ownership through foreign trusts and similar 
vehicles for which the ultimate beneficial owners were difficult to verify. The Estonian subsidiary also 
accepted certain customers despite awareness amongst employees, including relationship 
managers, that the listed beneficial owners were not the actual ultimate beneficial owners, or where 
the prospective customer refused to provide verifiable beneficial ownership information. In addition, 
the deficiencies in the Group's anti-money laundering systems and controls were not limited to the 
Baltic Banking, as certain of these high-risk customers in Baltic Banking were allowed to open 
accounts in the Group’s other business areas in Sweden, Swedish Banking and LC&I. These 
customers have since been offboarded. Overall, the investigation showed that during the period 
2014 to 2019, the Baltic subsidiaries conducted transactions (approximately EUR 17.8 billion in 
payments to customer accounts; approximately EUR 18.9 billion in payments from customer 
accounts) that represented a high risk for money laundering. 
Accountability 
Although Swedbank has attempted to enhance its compliance control and risk management systems 
in the Baltic subsidiaries since 2016, the investigation found that these efforts were impeded by a 
number of governance failings. For example, Swedbank’s senior management historically failed to 
establish clear lines of anti-money laundering responsibilities, particularly as between the business 
(first line of defence) and the Group’s compliance function (second line of defence), or to ensure that 
the Group’s compliance function could successfully challenge the decisions of the business. In

--- Page 144 ---
132 
 
 
addition, Swedbank’s former CEOs appeared to lack adequate appreciation for the severe risk 
posed to the Group by the HRNR business in Baltic Banking. In particular, Swedbank failed to adopt 
a Group-level anti-money laundering risk appetite statement until 2017 and did not take steps to 
ensure a consistent approach to risk rating customers across business lines. In addition, the 
investigation found that because Swedbank's senior management failed to appreciate the degree of 
legal and reputational risk to Swedbank, management did not always engage with the Board in a 
manner consistent with the importance of these issues. The investigation did not find evidence that 
either the Board, Risk and Capital Committee or the Audit Committee were adequately informed of 
the degree of legal and reputational risk posed by these deficiencies arising from the high-risk 
customer base that the Baltic subsidiaries had serviced historically. Nevertheless, several Group 
internal audit reports (from 2015 through early 2017) to the Board and the Audit Committee gave the 
Board notice of the prospect of regulatory sanctions or elevated reputation risk arising from identified 
deficiencies in the Baltic subsidiaries with respect to weak sanctions screening data, insufficient KYC 
processes and transaction monitoring and defects in the payments screening process. 
Notwithstanding these warnings, the Board did not take action to manage anti-money laundering risk 
in the Baltics commensurate with the degree of legal and reputational risk presented. The 
investigation found little evidence of any substantive discussion of these issues at the respective 
Board or Audit Committee meetings. Therefore, while the Board was not adequately apprised by 
management of the full extent of the risk posed by the anti-money laundering deficiencies in the 
Baltics, the Board also did not act adequately to manage and control the risk of money laundering (of 
which it was made aware). 
Interactions with Regulators 
The investigation also noted that in certain instances, Swedbank’s responses to regulators regarding 
anti-money laundering-related topics were not always actively transparent, including de-emphasizing 
negative information or employing a narrow or literal reading of certain requests. In considering 
accountability, the investigation concluded that the three former CEOs who served during the 
relevant investigation period, the Board and certain employees (including senior managers to 
relationship managers) all contributed to Swedbank’s failure to recognise and manage the significant 
legal and reputational risk to Swedbank posed by its HRNR portfolio in the Baltic subsidiaries.  
Public Disclosures 
The investigation also considered the completeness and accuracy of Swedbank’s public disclosures 
concerning anti-money laundering compliance and related issues. Specifically, Clifford Chance 
reviewed public statements made by Swedbank and its executives from January 2014 through 
March 2019, including for example, interim and annual reports issued by Swedbank and associated 
materials, other statements and presentations in communications with investors, analysts, and the 
financial community, corporate debt offering documents and media appearances and publications. 
When considered in light of the facts developed in the investigation, certain statements made during 
October 2018 and February 2019 by Swedbank and its executives concerning Swedbank’s historical 
anti-money laundering compliance, then current anti-money laundering compliance, and exposure to 
certain types of anti-money laundering risk, were inaccurate or presented without sufficient context. 
Remediation  
As part of its ongoing response to the money-laundering investigations, the Group created a new 
Special Task Force led by former Head of Group Treasury Tomas Hedberg, who reports directly to 
the CEO. Since the Clifford Chance investigation began in early 2019, the Group has taken a 
number of actions to remedy shortcomings and ensure a sustainable corporate governance in 
Swedbank.

--- Page 145 ---
133 
 
 
An action plan was introduced in October 2019 to manage the identified shortcomings. As of 
December 31, 2020, the action plan consisted of 244 points and the majority of the activities were 
completed on time (with an original deadline in 2020). A few activities have been postponed to 2021 
with appropriate plans in place for their implementation. The improvements made in 2020 as a result 
of the action plan have laid the foundation for Swedbank´s ongoing commitment to international best 
practices and its goal of implementing effective and efficient processes to fight financial crime. 
In addition, over the course of 2019, Swedbank appointed a new CEO and a mostly new 
management team, including a new Chief Compliance Officer (“CCO”) and CEO of the Estonian 
subsidiary, and took other employment actions dictated largely by the historical shortcomings. 
Moreover, Swedbank appointed a new Board chair in 2019 and three new Board members. In 2020, 
five new Board members were elected resulting in that the Board is comprised of mostly new 
members. Under this new leadership team, Swedbank has focused on transforming its approach to 
anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing and sanctions policies and procedures, 
creating new roles, appointing new personnel, increasing resources, revising and strengthening 
policies and procedures and taking steps to continue the process of de-risking its customer portfolio 
including in the Baltic subsidiaries. To date, Swedbank has nearly doubled the number of employees 
dedicated to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing initiatives, and aims to have a 
total of nearly 1,500 such employees exclusively working to combat financial crime.  
As of March 23, 2020 and as a result of external investigations conducted by the SFSA, the EFSA 
and the Group’s internal investigation into allegations of anti-money laundering and potential 
sanctions breaches, the Board also decided to unilaterally cancel severance payments to the former 
CEO (which were originally planned to start March 29, 2020). In addition, Swedbank’s Board of 
Directors previously appointed external legal advisors to investigate liability issues relating to the 
former CEOs and Board members identified in Clifford Chance LLP’s March 2020 report. Based on 
the findings of these investigations, as well as an analysis of the legal circumstances and other 
relevant considerations, the likelihood of success of any claim for damages against the former CEOs 
and Board members was demed to be extremely low. Therefore, on February 25, 2021, the Board of 
Directors decided not to file claims for damages against the former CEOs and Board members in 
relation to matters covered in the Clifford Chance LLP report. 
As part of these ongoing de-risking and remediation efforts, and with input from Clifford Chance, 
Swedbank and its Baltic subsidiaries have (a) embarked on a much more comprehensive approach 
and remediation plan to address and to strengthen the anti-money laundering/counter-terrorist 
financing and sanctions frameworks; (b) undertaken a review of Swedbank’s corporate governance; 
(c) engaged external consultants to assist in remediation efforts; (d) increased anti-money 
laundering/counter-terrorist financing resources; (e) initiated a compliance transformation program; 
(f) performed a cultural assessment and started implementation of necessary changes and (g) 
continued to off-board customers who do not meet Swedbank’s risk appetite. 
Quality Assurance – Compliance Function 
During 2020, the Group completed an evaluation of the Group’s overarching structure to manage 
compliance risks and benchmark Swedbank’s processes against industry-leading standard. The 
evaluation identified a number of areas for improvement, which are currently being addressed. 
Quality Assurance – Corporate Culture 
During 2020, an internationally recognised consulting firm completed an extensive analysis of 
Swedbank’s corporate culture. The evaluation will serve as the basis of comprehensive work to 
improve corporate culture, including empowering employees and creating clear metrics on 
performance.

--- Page 146 ---
134 
 
 
Quality Assurance – Corporate Governance 
An evaluation of the Group’s internal governance and control was conducted in 2020. Swedbank’s 
CEO has overarching responsibility for the project, which is managed by the Group’s Chief Legal 
Officer.  
In addition to strengthening oversight, steering and control, the corporate governance review at the 
Group-level will also ensure certain synergies in, for instance, the allocation of roles, responsibilities 
and principles for reporting and escalation. The implementation of corporate governance changes is 
underway with several subprojects and workflows, which are expected to be fully implemented in 
2021. Important aspects include a comprehensive review of the corporate governance framework 
within the Group and ensuring that governance and control in the business area Baltic Banking are 
strengthened both within the subsidiary banks and the parent company. Furthermore, Swedbank has 
implemented a mandatory training programme on corporate governance for, among others, senior 
executives, board members in major subsidiaries and employees who are involved in the corporate 
governance process, with the goal of increasing awareness among employees of the importance of 
an improved culture with respect to combating financial crime. 
The Board of Directors plays an active role in the governance oversight through the Governance 
Committee formed at the beginning of 2020. 
6.7.5 
Auditor Recommendations 
The Group’s independent auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (“PwC”), also audited administration 
of the Group’s Board of Directors and the Managing Directors. Based on their findings and factoring 
that the various investigations were not complete, PwC recommended that the shareholders not 
discharge the former CEO from liability. Similarly, due to potential financial consequences such as 
fines, withdrawn licenses, restrictions on currency trading and other sanctions, PwC considered the 
extent to which any deficiencies in regulatory compliance may have affected the financial statements 
of the annual report. This included accounting and disclosure regarding reserves and contingent 
liabilities.  
Swedbank has not allocated any provisions for fines or penalties. Current accounting rules provide 
that the Group is able to determine with a high probability the size of any fines or penalties before a 
provision can be allocated, and this has not been possible to date. 
6.8 
Employees  
As of December 31, 2020, the Group had 16,213 full-time employees. The table below sets out the 
number of employees employed for the years indicated. 
 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Full-time employees ..........................................................
16,213 
15,218 
14,865 
In 2020, employee numbers increased in all business areas: LC&I increased by 1,141, Swedish 
Banking increased by 381 and Baltic Banking increased by 113, but these increases were partly 
offset by a decrease in Group Functions & Other. 57 per cent of the Group’s employees were 
governed by collective bargaining agreements as of December 31, 2020. The Group maintains 
continuous and active dialogue with its employees and representatives and believes that its relations 
with its employees are good. There have been no significant strikes or mutual work stoppages in the 
past three years.

--- Page 147 ---
135 
 
 
6.9 
Key Geographic Markets and Competition  
The Group currently operates in four geographic home markets: Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and 
Lithuania. The Group faces a variety of competition in these markets. In addition to traditional 
competition from Nordic and Baltic banks, fintech and other new market entrants are increasingly 
attempting to gain market recognition. As Nordic banks and niche players strengthen their positions 
within segments, the banking market has become increasingly consolidated. 
To support business in these markets, the Group has established branches in neighbouring markets 
such as Finland, Norway and Denmark, as well as in major markets of financial importance such as 
in the United States (where the Group has a branch) and China (where the Group has a branch). 
Additionally, the Group is represented in Spain and South Africa. The Group’s offices in Luxembourg 
are in the process of being closed.  
Below is a chart showing Swedbank’s corporate structure as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
6.9.1 
Sweden 
The banking sector is fairly concentrated in the Group’s home market of Sweden. In 2020, the 
Group, Svenska Handelsbanken, Nordea and SEB accounted for approximately 60 to 75 per cent of 
deposits and lending (adjusted for Stabelo, Svensk Hypotekspension and Hypoteket), according to 
Statistics Sweden. These major banks offer a wide range of financial products and services and 
compete in all key product segments. In Sweden, the Group is the largest retail bank and has a 
leading market position in private mortgage lending (23 per cent) and deposits from private 
customers (19 per cent) as of December 31, 2020.5 The Group believes that consumers have been 
more willing to change banks in recent years due to pricing and a sense of stability. During the past 
                                                     
5 
Statistics Sweden.

--- Page 148 ---
136 
 
 
year, the major banks have become more competitive, thus regaining market share from smaller 
players.  
6.9.2 
Estonia 
The Estonian banking sector is even more concentrated than Sweden’s. The market is dominated by 
foreign banks. In Estonia, the Group had a market share of 51 per cent for private deposits and 43 
per cent for private lending as of November 30, 2020. In the Estonian corporate market, the Group’s 
market share was 37 per cent for lending and 44 per cent for deposits as of November 30, 2020.6 
6.9.3 
Latvia 
Latvia has a more fragmented market where local banks account for a significant portion of the 
various segments. As of September 30, 2020, the Group had a market share of 33 per cent of 
private deposits and 35 per cent of private lending. In the corporate market, the market share was 28 
per cent for deposits and 22 per cent. for lending as of September 30, 2020.7 
6.9.4 
Lithuania 
Like Sweden, the banking market in Lithuania is dominated by a few major players. As of September 
30, 2020, the Group had a market share of 44 per cent8 of private deposits and 39 per cent of private 
lending. In the corporate market, the Group’s share was 22 per cent for lending and 27 per cent for 
deposits as of September 30, 2020.9  
                                                     
6 
Estonian Banking Association. 
7 
Association of Latvian Commercial Banks. 
8  
Association of Lithuanian Banks. 
9 
Association of Lithuanian Banks.

--- Page 149 ---
137 
 
 
7. 
Selected Financial Information 
7.1 
Selected Financial Information  
The selected financial data for 2020, 2019 and 2018 provided below have been derived from the 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the years ended December 31, 
2020, 2019 and 2018 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. As of January 1, 2018, the 
Group has implemented IFRS 9 standards. During 2018 there was a change in the presentation of 
accrued interest, service provided to independent saving banks and income taxes related to 
associates on the Group’s balance sheet. The data set forth below should be read in conjunction 
with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and 
with the audited consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. The consolidated financial statements also apply recommendation RFR 1 
Complementary accounting rules for groups, issued by the Swedish Financial Reporting Board, the 
pronouncements of the Swedish Financial Reporting Board, certain complementary rules in the 
Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities Companies and the regulations and 
general advice of the SFSA, FFFS 2008:25.  
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
INCOME STATEMENT DATA 
 
 
 
Interest income ..........................................................
33,791 
35,370 
34,058 
Interest expenses ......................................................
(6,938) 
(9,381) 
(8,830) 
Net interest income .................................................
26,853 
25,989 
25,228 
 
 
 
 
Net commission income ............................................
12,770 
12,984 
12,836 
Net gains and losses on financial items at fair 
value .....................................................................
2,655 
3,629 
2,112 
Net insurance ............................................................
1,518 
1,465 
1,192 
Share of profit or loss of associates ..........................
582 
822 
1,028 
Other income .............................................................
1,298 
1,071 
1,826 
Total income ............................................................
45,676 
45,960 
44,222 
 
 
 
 
Staff costs ..................................................................
11,873 
11,119 
10,284 
Other general administrative expenses .....................
7,107 
7,314 
5,865 
Depreciation/amortisation of tangible and 
intangible fixed assets ..........................................
1,580 
1,551 
686 
Administrative fine .....................................................
4,000 
— 
— 
Total expenses .........................................................
24,560 
19,984 
16,835 
 
 
 
 
Profit before impairments .......................................
21,116 
25,976 
27,387 
Impairments of intangible assets ...............................
— 
79 
306 
Impairments of tangible assets ..................................
2 
8 
8 
Credit impairments ....................................................
4,334 
1,469 
521 
Operating profit .......................................................
16,780 
24,420 
26,552 
 
 
 
 
Tax expense ..............................................................
3,851 
4,711 
5,374 
Profit for the year  ......................................................
12,929 
19,709 
21,178 
Profit for the year .....................................................
12,929 
19,697 
21,162 
Non-controlling interests ............................................
0 
12 
16 
 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
BALANCE SHEET DATA 
 
 
 
Assets 
Cash and balances with central banks ..........................  
293,811 
195,286 
163,161 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing 
with central banks, etc.  .................................................  
137,191 
137,094 
99,579 
Loans to credit institutions .............................................  
47,954 
45,452 
36,268 
Loans to the public ........................................................  
1,680,987 
1,652,296 
1,627,368 
Value change of interest hedged item in portfolio 
hedge .............................................................................  
1,774 
271 
766 
Bonds and other interest-bearing securities ..................  
59,975 
57,367 
53,312

--- Page 150 ---
138 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Financial assets for which customers bear the 
investment risk ...............................................................  
252,411 
224,893 
177,868 
Shares and participating interests .................................  
17,215 
6,568 
4,921 
Investments in associates .............................................  
7,287 
6,679 
6,088 
Derivatives .....................................................................  
52,177 
44,424 
39,665 
Intangible fixed assets ...................................................  
18,361 
17,864 
17,118 
of which goodwill ..........................................................  
13,327 
13,709 
13,549 
Tangible assets  ............................................................  
5,421 
5,572 
1,966 
Current tax assets .........................................................  
1,554 
2,408 
2,065 
Deferred tax assets .......................................................  
124 
170 
164 
Other assets ..................................................................  
16,483 
8,859 
13,970 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income ........................  
1,917 
3,025 
1,813 
Total assets ..................................................................  
2,594,642 
2,408,228 
2,246,092 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities and equity 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ...............................  
150,313 
69,686 
57,218 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ......................  
1,148,240 
954,013 
920,750 
Financial liabilities for which customers bear the 
investment risk ...............................................................  
253,229 
225,792 
178,662 
Debt securities in issue. .................................................  
732,814 
855,754 
804,360 
Short positions securities. ..............................................  
23,300 
34,345 
38,333 
Derivatives .....................................................................  
54,380 
40,977 
31,316 
Current tax liabilities ......................................................  
424 
836 
1,788 
Deferred tax liabilities ....................................................  
2,784 
1,571 
1,576 
Pension provisions ........................................................  
3,665 
8,798 
4,979 
Insurance provisions ......................................................  
1,859 
1,894 
1,897 
Other liabilities and provisions .......................................  
30,610 
28,807 
30,035 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income ........................  
4,038 
4,383 
3,385 
Senior non-preferred liabilities 
10,359 
10,805 
 
Subordinated liabilities ...................................................  
23,434 
31,934 
34,184 
Total liabilities ..............................................................  
2,439,449 
2,269,595 
2,108,483 
Equity 
 
 
 
Non-controlling interests ................................................  
25 
25 
213 
Equity attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank ....  
155,168 
138,608 
137,396 
Total equity ..................................................................  
155,193 
138,633 
137,609 
Total Liabilities and Equity .........................................  
2,594,642 
2,408,228 
2,246,092

--- Page 151 ---
139 
 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
20191 
20182 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
 
 
 
Cash and equivalents at beginning of the year ..........  
195,286 
163,161 
200,371 
Cash flow from operating activities .............................  
109,237 
37,968 
27,134 
Cash flow from investing activities ..............................  
1,383 
995 
1,671 
Cash flow from financing activities .............................  
(8,698) 
(8,147) 
(68,875) 
Cash flow for the year ..............................................  
101,922 
30,816 
(40,070) 
Exchange rate differences on cash and cash 
equivalents .................................................................  
(3,397) 
1,309 
2,860 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year .......  
293,811 
195,286 
163,161 
 
 
 
 
 _________ 
Note: 
1 The 2019 cash flow figures have been restated for the changed presentation of the statement of cash flow. The cash flow from operating 
activities has decreased by SEK 41 million and cash flow from financing activities has increased by SEK 41 million. See “Presentation of Certain 
Financial and Other Information.” 
2 The 2018 figures have not been restated to reflect the changed presentation of the statement of cash flow. See “Presentation of Certain 
Financial and Other Information.” 
 
 
 
As of or for the year ended December 31, 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
KEY RATIOS1 
 
 
 
Return on equity ............................................................ 
8.9% 
14.7% 
16.1% 
Earnings per share total operations before dilution, 
SEK ............................................................................... 
11.55 
17.62 
18.96 
Earnings per share continuing operations after 
dilution, SEK .................................................................. 
11.51 
17.56 
18.89 
Cost/income ratio ........................................................... 
0.54 
0.43 
0.38 
Equity per share, SEK ................................................... 
138.5 
123.9 
123.0 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio ............................... 
17.5% 
17.0% 
16.3% 
Tier 1 capital ratio .......................................................... 
18.7% 
19.4% 
18.0% 
Total capital ratio ........................................................... 
21.0% 
21.8% 
21.5% 
Full-time employees ...................................................... 
16,213 
15,218 
14,865 
 _________ 
Note: 
1 See Section 18 (Definitions). 
 
7.2 
Ratings 
The Group/Swedbank10 has been assigned ratings by Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”), Moody’s and Fitch 
as set forth in the table below: 
 
 
Standard & Poor’s, Stable 
Outlook 
Moody’s, Stable Outlook 
Fitch, Stable Outlook 
 
Short-term 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Long-term 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedbank 
A-1 
A+ 
P-1 
Aa3 
F1 
A+ 
On March 26, 2020, S&P lowered the long-term and short-term issuer credit rating for Swedbank AB 
and its core subsidiary Swedbank Mortgage AB to A+/A-1 from AA-/A-1+. The outlook is stable. The 
downgrade followed the SFSA and EFSA disclosures regarding investigations into Swedbank’s 
Baltic subsidiaries, as well as Swedbank’s disclosure of the findings of the independent investigation 
by Clifford Chance LLP.  In its most recent rating report (October 15, 2020), S&P stated that 
Swedbank’s rating is underpinned by the stable and low-risk operating environment in Sweden 
where Swedbank mainly operates, as well as its solid balance sheet and leading market position in 
its home country and the Baltics. The rating also reflects Swedbank’s strong capitalization despite 
mounting pressure on its revenues and asset quality from the impact of COVID-19 and subdued oil 
prices. Swedbank’s robust underlying profitability provides resilience and financial flexibility and 
                                                     
10 
The ratings of Standard & Poor’s are assigned to both Swedbank and the Group. The ratings of Fitch and Moody’s are assigned 
only to Swedbank.

--- Page 152 ---
140 
 
 
supports the current capital assessment. However, S&P noted historical AML deficiencies and 
regulatory misconduct in Swedbank's Baltic operations between 2007 and 2019. 
On April 2, 2020, Moody’s downgraded Swedbank’s long-term deposit and senior unsecured debt 
ratings to Aa3 from Aa2, junior senior unsecured debt ratings to Baa1 from A3, subordinated debt 
ratings to Baa2 from Baa1 and baseline credit assessment to Baa1 from A3. The outlook on the 
long-term deposits and senior unsecured ratings has been changed to stable from negative. The 
rating action followed the conclusions of the SFSA investigations and the independent investigation 
commissioned by the Group into anti-money laundering controls which showed serious and 
systematic deficiencies in Swedbank’s management of money laundering risks, particularly in its 
Baltic operations. In its most recent credit opinion (October 2, 2020), Moody’s noted that Swedbank's 
rating reflects the bank's strong credit quality, with a focus on Swedish mortgages, which are 
considered low risk, and solid capitalisation, which is expected to remain resilient despite COVID-19-
related economic disruption. However, Moody’s noted that Swedbank’s strong and recurring 
earnings will face some pressure in the current economic downturn. Similar to many of its Nordic 
peers, the rating also reflects the bank's high reliance on market funding. In addition, the bank's 
rating incorporates a one-notch negative adjustment for corporate behaviour, reflecting governance 
and risk management deficiencies as seen with systematic breaches of anti-money laundering rules 
over an extended period of time.  
On April 3, 2020, Fitch downgraded Swedbank’s long-term IDR to A+ from AA-, its short-term IDR to 
F1 from F1+ and its VR to a+ from aa-. The outlook on the long-term IDR is stable. The downgrade 
reflected Fitch’s view that Swedbank’s risk controls were no longer commensurate with a rating in 
the AA range following confirmation of deficiencies in anti-money laundering controls. Swedbank has 
acknowledged deficiencies in anti-money laundering controls and its current CEO’s strategic priority 
has been to address these issues by the end of 2020. Swedbank has been strengthening its anti-
money laundering controls since spring 2019.  
Fitch stated in its most recent credit update (November 12, 2020) that within Swedbank’s risk 
appetite, the key rating driver is the material shortcomings in anti-money laundering risk controls. 
However, Swedbank’s ratings also reflects its low risk retail banking profile and robust financial 
metrics. Swedbank’s franchise and the confidence of covered bond investors have been largely 
unaffected by the negative publicity regarding deficiencies in anti-money laundering controls. Fitch’s 
stable outlook reflects its expectation that Swedbank will progressively strengthen its controls to 
effectively combat and prevent money laundering and that these remedies will become structurally 
embedded in its corporate governance structure, as well as its view that Swedbank maintains strong 
asset quality, profitability and capitalisation. Fitch notes that Swedbank relies significantly on 
covered bonds and this funding source has been reliable due to a strong captive domestic investor 
base. Similarly, Swedbank’s ample liquidity sufficiently covers it short-term refinancing needs and is 
sufficient to service even intensified drawdowns of committed credit facilities by companies. 
Swedbank’s liquidity profile is also underpinned by available central bank’s funding facilities.  
The Group’s aim is to attain credit ratings that are on par with those of the banks with the highest 
credit ratings in the Nordic region.

--- Page 153 ---
141 
 
 
8. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations 
8.1 
Overview and Market Share 
The following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of Swedbank should be 
read in conjunction with “Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information” and the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 
2019 and 2018 which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as well as with the 
information presented under “Selected Financial Information” and “Selected Statistical and Other 
Information”. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on estimates and 
assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. The actual results may differ materially from 
what is discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set 
forth in “Risk Factors”. 
8.1.1 
Overview 
As of December 31, 2020, the Group served a total of 7.3 million private customers and more than 
548,000 corporate customers and organisations through approximately 430 branches in 10 
countries, primarily in its principal markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. This includes 
customers reached through 58 independent savings banks. 
The Group offers a broad range of services, including retail banking, corporate and investment 
banking, asset management and insurance, with the majority of the Group’s income generated from 
its retail banking operations. As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s loans to the public, excluding 
the SNDO and repurchase agreements, amounted to SEK 1,616 billion. The Group recorded SEK 
21,116 million in profit before impairments for the year ended December 31, 2020 and SEK 25,976 
million in profit before impairments for the year ended December 31, 2019. The Group has four 
business segments: (i) Swedish Banking, which generated the majority of the Group’s consolidated 
income as of December 31, 2020, (ii) Baltic Banking, (iii) LC&I and (iv) Group Functions & Other. 
Group Functions & Other includes Group Financial Products & Advice. 
8.1.2 
Market Share 
 
Market share, Sweden1, 2 
As of December 31, 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Private market 
 
 
 
Deposits ............................................................................... 
19% 
19% 
20% 
Lending ................................................................................ 
21% 
22% 
23% 
of which mortgage lending ................................................. 
23% 
24% 
24% 
Corporate market 
 
 
 
Deposits ............................................................................... 
16% 
16% 
18% 
Lending ................................................................................ 
16% 
17% 
18% 
 
___________ 
Note: 
1 Swedbank estimates based on (i) management accounts as to Swedbank presence and (ii) Statistics Sweden as to Swedish market size. 
2 Swedbank discloses the corporate market share excluding financial corporations.

--- Page 154 ---
142 
 
 
 
 
__ 
Market share, Estonia1 
As of November 
30, 
As of December 31, 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Private market 
 
 
 
Deposits ............................................................................. 
51% 
50% 
55% 
Lending .............................................................................. 
43% 
44% 
44% 
of which mortgage lending ............................................... 
45% 
45% 
45% 
Corporate market 
 
 
 
Deposits ............................................................................. 
44% 
45% 
45% 
Lending .............................................................................. 
37% 
38% 
36% 
_________ 
Note: 
1 Swedbank estimates based on (i) management accounts as to Swedbank presence and (ii) Estonian Central Bank data as to Estonian market 
size. 
 
Market share, Latvia1 
As of September 30, 
As of December 31, 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Private market 
 
 
 
Deposits ............................................................................. 
33% 
32% 
35% 
Lending .............................................................................. 
35% 
34% 
33% 
of which mortgage lending ............................................... 
40% 
38% 
37% 
Corporate market 
 
 
 
Deposits ............................................................................. 
28% 
24% 
25% 
Lending .............................................................................. 
22% 
21% 
20% 
___________ 
Note: 
1 Swedbank estimates based on (i) management accounts as to Swedbank presence and (ii) Association of Commercial Banks of Latvia and 
The Financial and Capital Market Commission (Latvia) data as to Latvian market size. 
 
Market share, Lithuania1 
As of September 30, 
As of December 31, 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Private market 
 
 
 
Deposits ............................................................................. 
44% 
43% 
43% 
Lending .............................................................................. 
39% 
39% 
35% 
of which mortgage lending ............................................... 
38% 
38% 
35% 
Corporate market 
 
 
 
Deposits ............................................................................. 
27% 
30% 
29% 
Lending .............................................................................. 
22% 
23% 
19% 
___________ 
Note: 
1 Swedbank estimates based on (i) management accounts as to Swedbank presence and (ii) Association of Lithuanian Banks data as to 
Lithuanian market size. 
 
8.2 
Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations and Business Conditions11  
It is the Group’s view that its business, results of operations and financial condition have been 
affected, and may continue to be affected by the significant factors described below. The impact of 
these and other potential factors may vary significantly in the future.  
8.2.1 
Global Overview and Macroeconomic Factors12 
The macroeconomic environment is a major driver of the Group’s earnings. In particular, it affects 
the demand for banking services and pricing as well as asset quality, and accordingly impacts credit 
and other risks the Group undertakes in the normal course of its business. The Group’s balance 
sheet and income statement is to a large extent dependent on general macroeconomic conditions. 
Overall global growth slowed down in 2020 due to a variety of factors, including the impacts of 
COVID-19 and uncertainty regarding Brexit. In the U.S., the Federal Reserve lowered its key interest 
rate by 1.50 percentage points to 0.0 per cent - 0.75 per cent. Similarly, in March 2020, the 
                                                     
11  
Swedbank Economic Outlook, January 2021. 
12 
Statistics Sweden, Statistics Estonia, Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia and Statistics Lithuania.

--- Page 155 ---
143 
 
 
European Central Bank (“ECB”) launched a new purchasing program of EUR 750 billion to provide 
relief related to the impacts of COVID-19.  
In 2020, the world economy was deeply impacted by COVID-19 and is currently in the midst of 
severe economic disruption. The first quarter of 2020 saw uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and a 
global recession, which led to a sharp drop in the global stock markets. In the period from January 1, 
2020 to March 31, 2020, the S&P 500 fell by 20 percent and the STOXX 50 fell by 26 per cent. Stock 
markets began to recover in April 2020, though 2020 continued to be dominated by uncertainty 
caused by COVID-19. As the contagion slowed, countries cautiously began reopening and economic 
activity grew. Global stock markets recovered after bottoming out in late March. At the end of the 
second quarter, however, the contagion started spreading again, including in countries that had 
begun to reopen, causing increased volatility in the financial markets. In the third quarter of 2020, 
economies recovered in a number of countries globally, including in the Nordic and Baltic regions. In 
the third quarter, the US and Nordic stock market remained strong while stock markets in other parts 
of Europe were largely unchanged. Economic development now depends on further stimuli from 
central banks and governments. Indicators such as purchasing managers’ indices and confidence 
surveys showed that expectations and optimism have recovered, mainly in the industrial sector 
which has been supported by stronger growth in trade. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Chinese 
economy continued to recover with GDP increasing by 6.5 per cent as compared to the previous 
year. While news regarding the development of COVID-19 vaccines had a positive impact on 
financial markets, confidence remains much lower than before the crisis. 
Oil prices initially rose during the third quarter of 2020, but in early September 2020, Saudi Arabia 
cut its official sales prices, which, coupled with concerns regarding the spread of COVID-19, led to a 
drop in prices. In November 2020, developments regarding the COVID-19 vaccines raised 
expectations that the global economy would improve, which caused global stock markets to rise as 
well as prices of commodities such as oil. Stronger demand for oil in Asia also bolstered oil prices 
towards the end of 2020 (52 USD per barrel by the end of December 2020). Central banks have 
maintained their expansive monetary policies, continuing to implement measures first launched in 
the first quarter of 2020, mainly through asset purchases and liquidity facilities to support their 
economies. The depreciation of the U.S. dollar continued in 2020. 
The Swedish economy began to decelerate in the second half of 2019 and continued through the 
first quarter in 2020. GDP in the first quarter of 2020 increased by 0.6 per cent in annual terms, 
compared with an increase of 0.8 per cent in annual terms during the fourth quarter of 2019. A major 
contribution from foreign trade was offset by the sharpest slide in household consumption in 20 
years. Although the Swedish economy was impacted by the pandemic in the first quarter, impacts 
were much greater in the second quarter. According to Statistics of Sweden, GDP declined by 8.0 
per cent in the second quarter of 2020 compared with the previous quarter. However, the Swedish 
economy improved in the third quarter, rebounding by 4.9 per cent, and increasing by 0.5 per cent in 
the fourth quarter of 2020 (on a quarter-by-quarter basis). Despite these improvements, Swedish 
GDP is expected to decline by 3.0 per cent in 2021. 
From March 16, 2020, the U.S. Federal Reserve maintained the federal funds rate at 0.0 per cent – 
0.25 per cent. The Federal Reserve also extended essentially unlimited asset purchases and several 
additional measures to support liquidity. Similarly, the European Central Bank (“ECB”) continued its 
purchasing program of EUR 20 billion per month to support European economies. The ECB also 
maintained its main deposit rate at -0.5 per cent during 2020. In 2020, the S&P 500 increased by 
16.3 per cent and the STOXX 50 decreased by 5 per cent.   
The ECB has continued to take extensive measures to ensure financial market liquidity, including 
facilitating corporate loans. Various governments have also announced large support packages. The 
EU governments, spearheaded by Germany, have launched a stimulus package amounting to

--- Page 156 ---
144 
 
 
approximately EUR 750 billion. Similarly, the U.S. implemented a fiscal stimulus package, including 
cash transfers to households, tax cuts, and support for businesses. 
According to the IMF World Economic Outlook (January 2021), global GDP is expected to have 
decreased by 3.5 per cent for 2020, and is expected to grow by 4.2 per cent in 2021. These 
projections reflect wide negative output gaps and elevated unemployment rates in 2020 and 
expected in 2021. In the U.S., the unemployment rate and the number of unemployed persons as of 
December 2020 were 6.7 per cent and 10.7 million, respectively. Although these measures are lower 
in comparison to April 2020 highs, they are nearly twice their pre-pandemic levels in February 2020 
(3.5 per cent and 5.7 million, respectively). The oil price (Brent oil) has declined from nearly 70 USD 
per barrel at the beginning of January 2020 to 43 USD per barrel at the end of July 2020, primarily 
due to a sharp decline in global oil consumption and concerns regarding storage capacity in the U.S. 
Although oil prices are currently lower than in the beginning of the year, oil prices have been 
trending upward since May 2020. The average oil price in December 2020 was USD 50.2 per barrel 
compared with USD 20 per barrel at the end of April. The International Energy Agency estimates in 
its November 2020 oil market report that global oil demand will drop by 8.8 million barrels per day in 
2020 compared to the previous year. 
The Baltic economies grew at a slower pace in 2020, but showed resilience despite weakened 
global economic activity. Continued robust growth in domestic demand (private consumption and 
gross fixed investments) supported the Baltic economies when exports slumped. The labour market 
in the three Baltic countries has weakened as a result of the adverse effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic. Although the unemployment rate has increased, it is significantly lower than during the 
recession in 2008 and 2009 when the unemployment rate was between 15 to 20 per cent of the 
labour force. In November 2020, the unemployment rate in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania was 7.8 
percent, 8.1 percent and 10.4 percent, respectively (according to Eurostat).13  
8.2.2 
Sweden 
Sweden’s sovereign rating of Aaa/AAA/AAA was maintained by all rating agencies during 2020. 
Swedish real GDP (calendar-adjusted) is estimated to have decreased by approximately 3.1 per 
cent in 2020 compared with growth of 1.4 per cent in 2019 and 2.1 per cent in 2018, according to the 
National Institute for Economic Research (“NIER”) forecast published in December 2020. The 
surplus in public finance declined due to weaker growth and higher public expenditures. Based on 
the NIER December 2020 forecast, public finance is expected to have a deficit of 3.4 per cent of 
GDP in 2020 compared with a surplus of 0.6 per cent. in 2019 and 0.8 per cent. in 2018. Due to the 
deficit in public finance, public debt is expected to increase to 40 per cent. of GDP from 35 per cent 
in 2019 and 39 percent in 2018. Swedish public finances are still among the strongest in the EU. 
According to the NIER December 2019 forecast, the surplus in current account balances stabilised 
at 5.0 per cent of GDP. However, Sweden still maintains one of the largest surpluses in foreign trade 
as a share of GDP. 
 In 2020, the Swedish economy declined by an average of 3.0 per cent during the first three quarters 
of 2020 compared with the same period in 2019, according to Statistics of Sweden. The major driver 
of the decline came from reductions in private consumption. Investments in the business sector 
decelerated due to a decrease in external demand. Housing investment, on the other hand, 
increased despite rising unemployment and uncertainty surrounding the impact of COVID-19. 
Housing investment increased by an average of 2.1 per cent during the first three quarters of 2020. 
In NIER’s December 2020 forecast, investments in housing are expected to increase by 1.6 percent 
in 2020 after a decline of 7.9 per cent in 2019. Overall, gross fixed investments fell by 1.9 per cent 
on an annualised basis in the first three quarters of 2020, compared with a decrease of 1.4 per cent 
                                                     
13  
Eurostat 1 February 2021, https:/ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/portlet_file_entry/2995521/3-01022021-AP-EN.pdf/db860f10-
65e3-a1a6-e526-9d4db80904b9

--- Page 157 ---
145 
 
 
during the same period in 2019. At the same time, private consumption fell by 4.7 per cent compared 
with an increase by 1.0 per cent in 2019. Due to the sharp fall in external demand due to COVID-19, 
Swedish export volume fell by an average of 6.4 percent during the first three quarters of 2020. The 
appreciation of the krona also had a dampening impact on Swedish exports. From December 31, 
2019 to December 31, 2020, the krona appreciated by 4.5 per cent against the Euro and by 12.2 per 
cent against the U.S. dollar.    
The Swedish economy is fundamentally strong, with robust growth, a competitive business sector, 
strong public finance, low sovereign debt and low corporate default levels. However, domestic 
drivers of economic growth in Sweden are beginning to mature, and construction investments and 
consumption have slowed down. 
The chart below shows the Swedish gross domestic product (GDP) growth.  
 
Source: Statistics Sweden and Swedbank Research14 
 
The total value of exports and imports of goods amounted to SEK 1,427 billion and SEK 1,368 
billion, respectively, in 2020.15 This means there was a trade surplus in goods for the second 
consecutive year. As set out below, Sweden’s main export partners during the year were 
Germany, Norway and the United States.  
The chart below shows the annual change in Swedish exports per region from 2013 through 
December 2020. 
 
                                                     
14 
 Statistics Sweden, (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2021-01-31, https://www.scb.se/en/finding-statistics/statistics-by-subject-
area/national-accounts/national-accounts/national-accounts-quarterly-and-annual-estimates/. 
15 
Statistics Sweden, (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2021-01-31, www.scb.se

--- Page 158 ---
146 
 
 
-40
-30
-20
-10
0
10
20
30
40
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
United States
Asia
Nordics
United Kingdom
Euro Area
Sources: Sw edbank Research & Macrobond
Export to different regions (ann. change in %, 3m ma)
 
Source: Statistics Sweden16 
The Swedish labour market deteriorated rapidly at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 
unemployment rate rose from 7.0 per cent in January 2020 to above 9.0 per cent in June 2020. In 
the second half of the year, the unemployment rate began to fall, with an unemployment rate of 8.7 
per cent by December 2020, which was still significantly higher than the 6.6 per cent unemployment 
rate in December 2019. Despite a decline in job creation, the December 2020 employment ratio of 
67.4 per cent is still among the highest in the EU. Rising unemployment is also structural. Individuals 
with less education or who have a non-European background have the biggest challenge integrating 
with the Swedish labour market, particularly when the labour market is weakening. In December 
2020, the unemployment rate among foreign born individuals was 18.5 per cent compared with 4.8 
per cent among native born individuals. Household borrowing continued to grow despite a weak 
labour market. Mortgage loans increased in December 2020 by 5.9 per cent. Consumer credit in 
December 2020 declined to 3.9 per cent, compared to an annual rate of 8.1 per cent in January 
2020. Uncertainties regarding the housing market and tighter amortisation requirements have also 
likely had a negative impact on household confidence. Credit expansion to Swedish households 
started to decelerate in the second half of 2017, when amortisation requirements were implemented 
by SFSA, from an annual credit growth rate of 7.2 per cent in March 2017 to 5.5 per cent in 
December 2018. The downward trend in credit expansion continued in 2019, reaching 5.2 per cent 
in December, but started to pick up in 2020. In December 2020, annual credit expansion was 5.6 per 
cent. 
The chart below shows the annual percentage change of household borrowing in Sweden from 2006 
through December 2020. 
                                                     
16 
Statistics Sweden, (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2021-01-31,https://www.scb.se/en/finding-statistics/statistics-by-subject-
area/trade-in-goods-and-services/foreign-trade/foreign-trade---exports-and-imports-of-goods/pong/tables-and-graphs/exports-and-
imports-by-regions/.

--- Page 159 ---
147 
 
 
Pace of household borrowing stabilising 
 
 
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
Annual % change, total lending (s.a.)
Annual % change, mortgage lending (s.a.)
 
Source: Statistics Sweden (SCB), data up to and including December 2019. 
Private consumption fell by 5.1 per cent in 2020 and accounted for 2.3 percentage points of the 
decline in GDP growth, according to the NIER December 2020 forecast. The effects of COVID-19 
and the introduction of various restrictions to stop the spread of infection contributed to the decline in 
consumption. However, this reduction in consumption contributed to increases in the household 
savings ratio, from 15.0 per cent of disposable income to 2019 to 17.0 per cent in 2020. The effects 
of COVID-19 on the housing market were short-lived. After a temporary decline in spring 2020, 
housing prices increased. In December 2020, housing prices were approximately 10 per cent higher 
than in December 2019, according to the Valueguard price index. Low nominal interest rates and 
increased demand for larger homes have contributed to the higher prices. Private consumption 
declined by 4.7 per cent annually during the three quarters ended September 30, 2020 compared 
with the same period in 2019. This was significantly lower than disposable income growth and the 
saving ratio increased sharply in 2020. Gross fixed investment fell in 2020 for the second 
consecutive year. During the last three quarters of 2020 investments decreased by 2.0 per cent on 
average, compared with a decrease of 1.4 per cent during same period in 2019, primarily due to a 
decline in the real estate and manufacturing sectors, while investments in the service sector 
increased. 
In 2020, the average inflation rate according to CPIF (consumer price index with a fixed interest rate) 
decreased to 0.5 per cent from 1.7 per cent in 2019, which is below the Swedish Central Bank’s 
inflation target of 2.0 per cent. In December 2020, the CPIF inflation rate was 0.5 per cent. The 
decline in inflation during 2020 was primarily due to lower energy prices and imported goods. The 
CPIF, excluding energy prices, is still subdued and was 1.2 per cent in December 2020, a decline 
from 1.6 percent in December 2019. Inflation expectation fell in the first half of 2020, but began to 
increase by the end of 2020. The Riksbank kept the repo rate unchanged at 0.0 per cent in 2020, 
despite a sharp decline in the economy. Instead, it has implemented measures to secure liquidity in 
the financial market. According to the Riksbank repo rate path from December 2020, the repo rate is 
expected to remain at 0.0 per cent until 2022.  
Sweden accounted for 78 per cent of the Group’s total income for the year ended December 31, 
2020.

--- Page 160 ---
148 
 
 
The rate of GDP growth (calendar-adjusted) in Sweden for 2018 and 2019 and the estimated GDP 
growth for 2020 is shown in the table below:17 
 
 
2020 
201918 
2018 
Sweden ...................................................................................... 
-3.1% 
1.4% 
2.0% 
8.2.3 
The Baltic Countries19  
Growth in the Baltic countries decelerated in 2020, although the impact of COVID-19 has been less 
than in the rest of the Eurozone. Since the Baltics are largely dependent on exports, the economies 
were negatively affected by weaker external demand, mainly from the Eurozone. However, domestic 
demand was relatively resilient due to a relatively tight labour market and low interest rates. In 2020, 
the decline in the Baltic economies has been less drastic than in many other countries, despite 
shutdowns related to COVID-19 and a sharp drop in external demand. For the first three quarters of 
2020, average GDP fell by 3.2 per cent in Estonia, 3.5 per cent in Latvia and 0.7 per cent in 
Lithuania. Inflation declined in 2020 due to lower energy prices and weaker demand. In Swedbank’s 
January 2021 forecast, the 2020 inflation rate in Estonia was -0.4 per cent, 0.2 per cent in Latvia and 
1.2 per cent in Lithuania. 
Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia reported credit impairments in 2020 (SEK 135 million in Estonia; SEK 
50 million in Lithuania; SEK 53 million in Latvia).  
In 2019, the Group reported net recoveries of SEK 13 million in Lithuania; SEK 4 million in Latvia 
and credit impairments of SEK 20 million in Estonia.  
In 2018, the Group reported net recoveries of SEK 153 million in Estonia, SEK 26 million in Latvia 
and SEK 36 million in Lithuania. 
Rate of GDP growth in the Baltic countries for the following periods:20 
 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Estonia .............................................................................................  
-2.7% 
5.0% 
4.4% 
Latvia ...............................................................................................  
-4.5% 
2.1% 
4.0% 
Lithuania ..........................................................................................  
-1.7% 
4.3% 
3.9% 
 
8.2.4 
Interest Rates  
Fluctuations in short- and medium- to long-term interest rates impact the Group’s net interest income 
differently based upon the re-pricing profile of the Group’s interest-earning assets and interest-
bearing liabilities, which are set forth in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see note G8 in the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020). The Group’s re-pricing 
profile depends upon the pricing terms applicable to its products (including base interest rates and 
yield curves), the mix of funding and lending instruments in the Group’s portfolio and the extent of 
the Group’s use of interest-related derivatives. As a general matter, low interest rate levels have a 
negative impact on the Group’s profitability, since current accounts with a zero per cent interest rate 
generate a relatively low margin of income in a low interest rate environment. However, the Group’s 
re-pricing profile is to an extent characterised by a higher level of short-term liabilities than short-
term assets.  
                                                     
17 
 Statistics Sweden (SCB), 2019-11-31, www.scb.se and Swedbank Economic Outlook, January 2020. 
18 
NIER December 2019 forecast.  
19 
GDP and inflation figures from Statistics Estonia, Statistics Latvia and Central Statistical Bureau of Lithuania, respectively. 
20 
 GDP and inflation figures from Statistics Estonia, Statistics Latvia and Central Statistical Bureau of Lithuania, preliminary outcome 
for 2018; Swedbank Economic Outlook, January 2021.

--- Page 161 ---
149 
 
 
In 2020, the Group’s net interest income amounted to SEK 26,853 million as compared to SEK 
25,989 million in 2019. Net interest income within Swedish Banking was stable at SEK 16,276 
million. Higher average market interest rates positively affected deposit margins, but were offset by 
lower lending margins. Net interest income in Sweden increased by SEK 1,335 million, or 7 per cent, 
from SEK 19,539 million in 2019 to SEK 20,874 million in 2020. Net interest income increased 3 per 
cent in local currency within Baltic Banking mainly due to increased lending volumes. Net interest 
income increased 2 per cent within LC&I mainly due to a lower resolution fee and higher deposit 
volumes. Group Functions and Other net interest income increased to SEK 1,417 million mainly due 
to lower funding costs and the effects of the Group’s internal pricing model.  
In 2019, the Group’s net interest income amounted to SEK 25,989 million as compared to SEK 
25,228 million in 2018. Net interest income increased 6 per cent to SEK 16,254 million within 
Swedish Banking, mainly due to an increase in the volume of deposits. This was partially offset by 
slightly lower lending margins, mainly driven by increased market interest rates. Compared with 
2018, a lower resolution fund fee positively affected net interest income. Net interest income 
increased 10 per cent within Baltic Banking mainly as a result of higher lending volumes. Net interest 
income decreased 5 per cent within LC&I due to higher market interest rates which negatively 
affected lending margins. Group Functions and Other net interest income decreased to SEK 721 
million mainly due to higher expenses for short-term foreign funding and the effects of the Group’s 
internal pricing model in connection with rising short-term interest rates. 
For more information relating to interest rate risk management see “Risk Management—Market 
Risks—Interest Rate Risk”. 
8.2.5 
Exchange Rates  
The Group has a policy to not hedge foreign exchange exposures associated with goodwill and other 
intangible assets related to the holdings of foreign (non-SEK) entities. However, negative exchange 
rate changes from those exposures would not be reported in the consolidated income statement or 
affect the Group’s CET 1 capital. Those foreign exchange exposures would be recognised as other 
comprehensive income. 
Changes in exchange rates, primarily fluctuations of the Swedish krona against the Euro, during 
2020 negatively affected the Group’s profit before impairment by SEK 66 million.  
Changes in exchange rates, primarily the depreciation of the Swedish krona against the Euro, during 
2019 increased the Group’s profit by SEK 125 million. 
For more information relating to exchange rate risk management, see “Risk Management—Market 
Risks—Currency Risk”. 
8.2.6 
Capital Markets  
Net commissions from asset management and Insurance is directly impacted by fluctuations in 
global capital markets, as well as the value of assets under management. The Group’s net 
commission income for the year ended December 31, 2020 decreased 2 per cent to SEK 12,770 
million, compared to SEK 12,984 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, primarily due to a 
decrease in income from cards due to the impacts of COVID-19. Net asset management and 
custody commission income rose 7 per cent to SEK 5,721 million in 2020, compared to SEK 5,334 
million in 2019, mainly due to a higher average volume of assets under management.  
Volatility in equity prices is expected to continue to have a significant effect on the Group’s results of 
operations. A decline in stock market prices by 10 per cent would have reduced the Group’s net

--- Page 162 ---
150 
 
 
commission by SEK 531 million in the year ended December 31, 2020 and SEK 532 million in the 
year ended December 31, 2019. 
8.3 
Funding 
In the first half of 2020, volatility in global markets increased and credit spreads widened as a result 
of the uncertainty regarding COVID-19. During the second half of 2020, spreads normalised due to 
support from central banks injecting liquidity into the market. Beginning in the first quarter of 2020, 
Swedbank decided not to use the international markets for long-term funding as it awaited the 
outcome of various anti-money laundering investigations, including by the SFSA, the EFSA and the 
internal investigation conducted by external law firm Clifford Chance. However, for the year ended 
December 31, 2020, Swedbank issued SEK 78 billion in long-term funding in the form of three 
benchmark senior preferred transactions (EUR and USD) and a small JPY public transaction 
together with domestic covered bonds. No senior non-preferred bonds were issued due to turbulent 
market conditions and the deadline to meet MREL requirements was postponed from 2022 to 2024. 
Despite the ongoing economic volatility, Swedbank maintained strong capital and liquidity ratios over 
the course of the year due to its proactive yet cautious management of portfolios carrying market 
risk. 
Swedbank’s funding strategy is based on the structure of its assets. More than half of its lending 
consists of Swedish mortgages, which are primarily financed through covered bonds and deposits. 
Swedbank is one of the leading retail banks in its home markets. Deposit volumes, together with 
covered bonds and shareholder equity, cover the majority of Swedbank’s total funding requirements. 
As at December 31, 2020, Swedbank's loan to deposit ratio was 143 per cent due to the faster 
growth of deposits compared with loans. Swedbank’s funding strategy is also closely linked to the 
credit quality of the assets on its balance sheet. One of Swedbank’s areas of focus for managing 
liquidity risk is to ensure that it maintains high quality lending activities. Swedbank strives to match 
unsecured funding against assets of an equivalent amount and maturity. 
The Group’s share of unsecured funding in its total funding mix is mainly determined by its liquidity 
needs and the buffer it wants to maintain in its cover pool in the form of over-collateralisation in order 
to withstand fluctuations in housing prices. Another driver for the issuance of senior unsecured debt 
is Swedbank’s MREL requirement. The first stage of MREL implementation required compliance by 
January 1, 2018 and the second and final step requires compliance by January 1, 2024. On 
December 16, 2020, the SNDO published the MREL requirements for 2020 for the ten Swedish 
banks deemed to be systemically important, including Swedbank. The SNDO assessment showed 
that, as of such date, Swedbank fulfilled its total requirements by a margin of 55 per cent. Expressed 
as a percentage of total liabilities and own funds (“TLOF”), the MREL requirement for Swedbank 
stands at 6.22 per cent for 2020.  
Management believes that both the Group and Swedbank Mortgage have a well-diversified investor 
base. 
The average maturity profile for all wholesale funding, including both short- and long-term funding 
programmes, was stable in 2020. The average maturity for all capital market funding arranged 
through the Group’s short- and long-term programmes was 25 months as of December 31, 2020, 29 
months as of December 31, 2019 and 35 months as of December 31, 2018. 
The following table shows long-term funding issuances from 2015 through 2020.

--- Page 163 ---
151 
 
 
SEK billion 
 
229
157
178
114
78
143
0
50
100
150
200
250
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Covered bonds
Senior preferred
Senior non-preferred
 
 
Source: Swedbank interim reports. 
 
 
8.4 
Valuation of Financial Instruments at Fair Value 
The Group recognises certain of its assets and liabilities at fair value. The value of these assets and 
liabilities has fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future, which may have a 
direct impact on the Group’s results of operations and the structure of its balance sheet. The fair 
value of financial instruments is determined based on quoted market prices in an active market and 
a significant portion is determined based on adjusted, quoted price or valuation models with 
valuation parameters derived from an active market. Fair value for a financial asset or financial 
liability in an active market is the current bid or offer price times the number of units of the instrument 
held. Where a trading portfolio contains both financial assets and financial liabilities which are 
derivatives of the same underlying instrument, fair value is determined by valuing the gross long and 
short positions at current mid-market prices, with an adjustment at portfolio level to the net open long 
or short position to amend the valuation to bid or offer prices. 
When such market prices are not available, generally accepted valuation models such as 
discounting of future cash flows are used. The valuation models are based on observable market 
data, such as quoted prices on active markets for similar instruments or quoted prices for identical 
instruments on inactive markets. 
The table below shows financial instruments carried at fair value as of December 31, 2020, by 
valuation method.  
 
As of December 31, 2020 
SEK million 
Level 11 
Level 22 
Level 33 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing 
with central banks, etc. .................................................. 
18,968 
3,300 
— 
22,268 
Loans to credit institutions ............................................. 
— 
1,582 
— 
1,582 
Loans to the public ........................................................ 
— 
40,049 
— 
40,049 
Bonds and other interest-bearing securities .................. 
22,676 
37,264 
— 
59,940 
Shares and participating interest ................................... 
16,088 
— 
1,127 
17,215 
Financial assets for which the customers bear the 
252,411 
— 
— 
252,411

--- Page 164 ---
152 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2020 
SEK million 
Level 11 
Level 22 
Level 33 
Total 
investment risk ............................................................... 
Derivatives ..................................................................... 
85 
52,092 
— 
52,177 
Total .............................................................................. 
310,228 
134,287 
1,127 
445,642 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Debts to credit institutions 
— 
3,294 
— 
3,294 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ...................... 
— 
16,824 
— 
16,824 
Debt securities in issue .................................................. 
— 
6,767 
— 
6,767 
Financial liabilities for which the customers bear the 
investment risk ............................................................... 
— 
253,229 
— 
253,229 
Derivatives ..................................................................... 
69 
54,311 
— 
54,380 
Short positions securities ............................................... 
22,307 
993 
— 
23,300 
Total .............................................................................. 
22,376 
335,418 
— 
357,794 
 
___________ 
Note: 
1 Level 1 – Financial assets and financial liabilities valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical 
assets or liabilities. This category includes, for example, Treasury bills and listed shares. 
2 Level 2 – Financial assets and financial liabilities valued using observable prices or the value is directly linked to certain 
asset values. This category includes, for example, less liquid bonds, loans to the public and deposits. 
3 Level 3 – Primarily contains unlisted equity instruments where the price is unobservable and the sensitivity in the value to 
changes in the unobservable parameter is linear in the model applied. To estimate the unobservable price, different 
methods are applied depending on the type of available data. The primary method is based on executed transactions or 
quoted share price of similar equities. Other inputs to these methods are primarily prices, proxy prices, market indicators 
and company information. The level 3 unlisted equity instruments include strategic investments. Swedbank’s holdings in 
VISA Inc. C shares are subject to selling restrictions for a period of up to 9 years and under certain conditions may have to 
be returned. Liquid quotes are not available for these shares, therefore the fair value is established with significant 
elements of Swedbank’s own internal assumptions. In September 2020, Visa Inc. converted half of the outstanding in Visa 
Inc. C shares to Visa Inc. A shares. The fair value of the remaining Visa Inc. C holdings amounts to SEK 602 million as of 
December 31, 2020.  
 
 
8.5 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
The Group’s accounting policies are integral to understanding the financial condition and results of 
operations presented in the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto. The 
Group’s significant accounting policies applied in the financial statements are described in note G2 
‘Accounting policies’ in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the 
years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 which are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus.  
The preparation of financial statements requires the Group’s management to make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of 
income and expenses during the reported period. On an ongoing basis, the Group’s management 
evaluates its estimates and judgements, including those related to fair value of financial instruments, 
allowance for impairment of loans and receivables and impairment of intangible assets. 
Management bases its estimates and judgements on historical experience and on various other 
factors that are assessed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from 
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
8.6 
Valuation of Financial Instruments  
Starting with the year ended December 31, 2018, financial assets were classified as measured at 
either amortised cost or fair value through profit or loss, based on the business model for managing 
the assets and the contractual terms of the assets. The business model reflects how the Group 
manages portfolios of financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The factors considered in 
determining the business model for a portfolio of financial assets include past experience on how the 
cash flows have been collected, how the financial assets’ performance is evaluated and reported to

--- Page 165 ---
153 
 
 
management, how risks are assessed and managed and how compensation is linked to 
performance. 
Financial assets at amortised cost are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the issue or acquisition of financial assets and subsequently measured at 
amortised cost. Fair value is normally the amount advanced, including fees and commissions. The 
amortised cost is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition minus 
repayments of principal, plus or minus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest 
method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount and adjusted for any 
credit impairment provisions. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are initially recognised and subsequently 
measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue or acquisition of 
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss. The fair value of 
financial instruments is determined based on quoted prices in active markets. When such market 
prices are not available, generally accepted valuation models such as discounted future cash flows 
are used. The valuation models are based on observable market data, such as quoted prices in 
active markets for similar instruments or quoted prices for identical instruments in inactive markets. 
8.7 
Credit Impairments and Provisioning Levels  
Starting with the year ended December 31, 2018, following the implementation of IFRS 9, credit 
impairment provisions are measured according to an expected credit loss model and are intended to 
reflect an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of 
possible outcomes and considering all reasonable and supportable information available without 
undue cost or effort at the reporting date. Such provisions are measured according to whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk since the initial recognition of a financial instrument. 
 
Stage 1 includes financial instruments that have not experienced a significant increase in 
credit risk since initial recognition and financial instruments assessed by the Group as 
presenting “low credit risk” as of the reporting date, which is defined by the Group as having 
an investment grade equivalent rating. 
 
Stage 2 includes financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality 
since the initial recognition but for which there is no objective evidence of credit impairment. 
 
Stage 3 includes financial instruments which are credit-impaired and for which there is 
objective evidence of impairment. 
Credit losses expected within 12 months are recognised on instruments in Stage 1 and lifetime 
expected credit losses are recognised on instruments in Stage 2 and Stage 3. The lifetime expected 
credit losses represent losses from all possible default events over the remaining life of the financial 
instrument. The 12-month expected credit losses are losses resulting from default events that are 
possible within 12 months after the reporting date, and consequently only a portion of the lifetime 
expected credit losses. 
For the year ended December 31, 2017 (and prior), in accordance with IAS 39, receivables 
measured at amortised cost were tested if loss events have occurred. Individual loans are tested 
initially, followed by groups of loans with similar credit terms and which are not identified individually. 
A loss event refers to an event that occurred after the loan was paid out and which has a negative 
effect on projected future cash flows. Determining loss events for groups of loans carries greater 
uncertainty, since a number of different events, such as macroeconomic factors, may have had an 
impact. Loss events include late or non-payments, concessions granted due to the borrower’s

--- Page 166 ---
154 
 
 
financial difficulties, bankruptcy or other financial restructurings, and local economic developments 
tied to non-payments, such as an increase in unemployment or decreases in real estate or 
commodity prices.  
Where a loss event has occurred, individual loans are classified as impaired loans. Loans whose 
terms have been significantly changed due to the borrower’s economic difficulties, and loans that 
have been non-performing for more than 90 days, should automatically be treated as impaired. Such 
loan is not considered impaired if there is collateral which covers the capital, accrued and future 
interest and redundant fees by a satisfactory margin. When a loss event has occurred, a 
determination is made at the time the loan’s cash flow will be received and its probable size. For 
impaired loans, interest is not considered to be received, only capital or portions thereof. Impaired 
loans are those for which it is likely that payment will not be received in accordance with the contract 
terms.  
The Group determines first whether there is objective evidence for the impairment of each individual 
loan. Loans for which such evidence is lacking are included in portfolios with similar credit risk 
characteristics. These portfolios are subsequently measured collectively in the event objective 
evidence of impairment exists. Any impairment is then calculated for the portfolio as a whole. 
Homogenous groups of loans with limited value and similar credit risk that have been individually 
identified as having objective evidence of impairment are measured individually based on the loss 
risk in the portfolio as a whole. For groups of loans, estimates are based on historical values and 
experience-based adjustments to the current situation. Provisions for impaired loans are made on 
the difference between estimated value, i.e. estimated future cash flows discounted by the loan’s 
original effective interest rate, and carrying amounts according to contractual cash flows.  
Assumptions about when a cash flow will be received as well as its size determine the size of the 
provisions. Decisions on provisions are therefore based on various calculations and management’s 
assumptions of current market conditions. Management is of the opinion that provision estimates are 
important because of their significant size as well as the complexity of making these estimates. 
Loan impairments under IAS 39 are recognised through profit or loss as credit impairments. 
Repayments of write-offs and recovery of provisions are recognised within credit impairments.  IFRS 
9 introduced an expected credit loss model, where the expected credit losses are measured based 
on the stage to which the individual asset is allocated at each reporting date. If impairment 
decreases in subsequent periods, previously recognised impairment losses are reversed. Loans are 
never recognised at a value higher than what the amortised cost would have been if the impairment 
had not occurred. The carrying amount of loans is amortised cost less write-offs and provisions. 
Provisions for estimated losses on guarantees and other contingent liabilities are recognised on the 
liability side. 
Investments in the oil and offshore industries have begun to recover, but surplus capacity still exists 
in some segments of the sector. These segments are still over-leveraged despite previous 
restructurings, which led to additional provisions in 2020. In the first half of 2020, declines in oil 
consumption outpaced declines in oil production and resulted in global oil inventories rising by 1.2 
billion barrels, contributing to falling oil prices. However, during the second half of the year, rising oil 
consumption, reduced crude oil production from OPEC and its partners, and lower U.S. crude oil 
production caused inventories to fall, pushing Brent oil prices to a monthly average of $50 per barrel 
in December 2020. Swedbank’s oil and offshore portfolio is small and the reduction and restructuring 
of the portfolio is ongoing. 
In 2020, there were no significant changes to the methodology. However, key portfolio risks have 
changed rapidly and significantly as a consequence of COVID-19.  The deterioration of 
macroeconomic indicators that contribute to credit risk and losses, inter alia GDP growth, housing

--- Page 167 ---
155 
 
 
and property prices, unemployment, oil prices and interest rates, have not yet resulted in a similar 
increase in credit losses or default rates that historically have been observed in similar economic 
shocks. Government and regulatory support measures and guidance on the treatment of customer 
impacts (e.g., forbearance and payment moratoria) have significantly mitigated the short-term 
impacts of COVID-19, although credit quality may start to deteriorate when such measures end. The 
onset of a second wave of COVID-19 during the last quarter of 2020 led to additional support 
measures to mitigate further effects of the pandemic, which could potentially lead to further delays in 
any credit risk impacts. The models do not capture these complexities, nor do they capture the 
continued uncertainty around further COVID-19 outbreaks, which could further delay recovery. 
Consequently, as the quantitative risk models may not appropriately incorporate these dynamics, 
post-model adjustments to the credit impairment provisions were deemed necessary. 
The post-model expert credit adjustment was recognised, resulting in a total adjustment to increase 
credit impairment provisions by SEK 1,533 million at December 31, 2020 to account for potential 
economic impacts of COVID-19, which have not yet been realised. The post-model expert credit 
adjustment is allocated as SEK 518 million in Stage 1, SEK 1,001 million in Stage 2 and SEK 13 
million in Stage 3. As of December 31, 2020, the most significant impacts of the post-model expert 
credit adjustments are reflected in the hotels and restaurants, manufacturing, transportation, retail 
and property management segments. 
Forward-looking information is incorporated into both the assessment of significant increase in credit 
risk and calculation of expected credit losses. The formulation and incorporation of multiple forward-
looking scenarios are described in Note G3 Risks pages 75 to 76 in the 2020 Annual and 
Sustainability Report. There have been no significant changes during the year to the methodology. 
The macroeconomic scenarios are provided by Swedbank Macro Research and are aligned with the 
Swedbank Economic Outlook. The economic scenarios are developed to reflect assumptions about 
future economic conditions given the current state of the local and global economies. The base 
scenario has an assigned probability weight of 66.6 per cent. and 16.7 per cent is assigned to both 
the upside and downside scenarios.  
8.8 
Goodwill Impairment 
Goodwill is the excess cost of an acquisition over the fair value of its net assets. Goodwill is not 
amortised but is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently, if events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is 
allocated to each cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units. Testing is conducted by 
calculating the recoverable amount, i.e. the higher of value in use or the realisable value. If the 
recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount, the asset is reduced to its recoverable 
amount. The Group’s tests are done by calculating value in use. The calculation is based on 
estimated future cash flows from the cash-generating unit that the goodwill relates to and has been 
allocated to as well as when the cash flows are received. The first three years’ cash flows are 
determined on the basis of the financial plans management has established. Subsequent 
determinations of the size of future cash flows require more subjective estimates of future growth, 
margins and profitability levels. In addition, a suitable discount rate is determined that in addition to 
reflecting the time value of money also reflects the risk that the asset is associated with. As far as 
possible, the discount rate and assumptions, or portions of the assumptions, are based on external 
sources. Nevertheless, the calculation is dependent in large part on management’s own 
assumptions.  
The Group’s goodwill amounted to SEK 13,327 million as of December 31, 2020, of which SEK 
10,200 million relates to the investment in the Baltic banking operations. As of the end of 2020, the 
impairment tests did not result in any impairment of such operations. Impairment tests include an

--- Page 168 ---
156 
 
 
assessed required Tier 1 capital ratio. At the end of 2020, 2019 and 2018, the required Tier 1 capital 
ratio was 15 per cent.  
The estimates that management has made are significant to the Group’s results and financial 
position. However, goodwill impairment does not affect either cash flow or the capital adequacy ratio, 
since goodwill is a deduction in the calculation of the capital base. During 2001, 60 per cent of the 
Baltic subsidiaries were acquired. In 2005 the remaining 40 per cent was acquired. The majority, or 
SEK 11,387 million, of the goodwill before impairment losses as of December 31, 2011, arose 
through the acquisition of the remaining non-controlling interest and at the time corresponded to 40 
per cent of the operation’s total value. If the discount rate as of December 31, 2020 had been 
increased by one percentage point or the growth assumption had been reduced by one percentage 
point it would not have created any impairment losses in the Baltic banking operation. 
Impairment tests on goodwill and other intangible assets are performed at least once a year and 
whenever there are indications of impairment of any such asset. The impairment tests are made for 
each cash generating unit, which means that the goodwill is tested for each Baltic country 
separately. 
8.9 
Pensions 
The Group operates defined benefit pension schemes as described in the consolidated financial 
statements. However, the schemes have been closed to new employees since the beginning of 
2013. The assets of the schemes are measured at their fair values at the balance sheet date. The 
liabilities of the schemes are estimated by projecting the growth in current accrued pension benefits 
to reflect inflation and salary growth to the date of pension payment, discounted to present value 
using assumed discount rates. The valuation of the pension liability is based on actuarial valuations. 
The pension liability amounted to SEK 3,665 million as of December 31, 2020. 
The actuarial valuations used to estimate pension liability are based on a number of assumptions 
related to mortality, price inflation, discount rates, pension increases, and earnings growth which are 
based on past experience and current economic data, such as agreements between trade unions 
and employers. 
These assumptions are highly susceptible to change from period to period, and any change in the 
assumptions could result in a significant difference between the Group’s estimates of the scheme 
liabilities and actual liabilities. Such a change in estimate could significantly alter the amount of the 
surplus or deficit recognised in the balance sheet and the pension cost charged to profit and loss. 
8.10 
Accounting Presentation  
IFRS 16 has replaced IAS 17 Leases and sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, 
presentation and disclosure of leases. The new standard significantly changes the way lessee 
entities should account for leases. For lessees, the standard eliminates the distinction between 
finance and operating leases and requires entities to recognise right of use assets and lease 
liabilities arising from most leases on the balance sheet. In the income statement general 
administrative expenses are replaced by depreciation of the right of use asset and interest expenses 
on the lease liability. The Group accounted for the transition to IFRS 16 requirements according to 
the modified retrospective approach, which means adoption from January 1, 2019 with no 
restatement of the comparative periods. For all leases classified as operating leases under IAS 17 
and where the Group acts as lessee, a lease liability and a right of use asset are recognised in the 
balance sheet. The lease liabilities were at transition initially measured at the present value of the 
remaining lease payments, discounted using the incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial 
application, January 1, 2019. The right of use assets was initially recognised at the value of the

--- Page 169 ---
157 
 
 
corresponding lease liability, adjusted for any prepaid lease payments. The Group applies the 
exemptions afforded by the standard regarding short term leases and leases for which the 
underlying asset is of low value. These lease agreements are recognised as expenses. When 
Swedbank acts as a lessor, the requirements remain largely unchanged and the distinction between 
finance and operating leases is maintained. 
IFRS 17 was issued in May 2017 and amended in June 2020. The standard is applicable from 
January 1, 2023, although the EU has not yet approved. The new standard establishes principles for 
recognition, presentation, measurement and disclosure of insurance contracts issued. Insurance 
contracts in scope will be measured at current value, based on the current estimates of amounts 
expected to be collected from premiums and paid out for claims, benefits and expenses plus 
expected profit for providing insurance coverage. The Group is still assessing the impacts on the 
Group’s financial reports. 
8.11 
IFRS 9 
On January 1, 2018, Swedbank began applying IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, which replaced IAS 
39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. The major changes to IFRS 9 from IAS 39 
relate to classification and measurement, impairment and hedge accounting. The classification and 
measurement and impairment requirements were applied retrospectively by adjusting the 
consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2018. The hedge accounting requirements were applied 
prospectively, except for the retrospective application of the exclusion of the currency basis spread 
component from cash flow hedging relationships. As permitted by IFRS 9, the Group did not restate 
comparative periods. For more information on the impacts from adoption, see “Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Issuer’s Operational and Strategic Situation – Risks relating to changes in accounting 
and reporting standards” and in the Annual and Sustainability Report 2018, note G58 'Effects of 
changes in accounting policies, IFRS 9 and presentation of accrued interest' to the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
Under IFRS 9, financial assets are classified as either amortised cost or fair value through profit or 
loss. Swedbank does not have any financial assets classified as fair value through other 
comprehensive income. The classification assessment for debt instruments is based on two criteria: 
(a) Swedbank’s business model for managing financial assets and (b) whether the contractual cash 
flows of instruments represent solely payments of principal and interest. The assessment of the 
business models and the contractual cash flow characteristics have not resulted in significant 
changes in the classification of financial assets as compared to the classification under IAS 39. 
Swedbank designated financial assets at fair value through profit or loss under IAS 39 and 
approximately SEK 93 billion of these designations of loans to the public have been revoked on 
adoption of IFRS 9. These loans to the public have been reclassified to amortised cost, as the 
business model and cash flow characteristics assessments are also met. 
IFRS 9 introduced an expected credit loss model for the measurement of impairment, where credit 
impairment provisions are recognised on financial assets classified as amortised cost, as well as 
irrevocable loan commitments and financial guarantees. Expected credit losses are measured based 
on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition of an 
instrument and on unbiased forward-looking information, even if no actual loss events have taken 
place. Expected credit losses are estimated considering a broad range of information, including past 
events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions 
that could affect the expected collectability of the future cash flows. Consequently, credit impairment 
provisions are more sensitive to changes in the future economic outlook and are more volatile as 
compared to IAS 39.

--- Page 170 ---
158 
 
 
8.12 
Consolidated Income Statement  
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Interest income ........................................................... 
 
33,791  
 
35,370 
 
34,058 
Interest expenses ....................................................... 
6,938 
9,381 
8,830 
Net interest income .................................................. 
26,853 
25,989 
25,228 
Net commission income .......................................... 
12,770 
12,984 
12,836 
Net gains and losses on financial items at fair value .. 
2,655 
3,629 
2,112 
Net insurance ............................................................ 
1,518 
1,465 
1,192 
Share of profit or loss of associates ........................... 
582 
822 
1,028 
Other income .............................................................. 
1,298 
1,071 
1,826 
Total income ............................................................. 
45,676  
45,960 
44,222 
Staff costs ................................................................... 
11,872 
11,119 
10,284 
Other general administrative expenses ...................... 
7,107 
7,314 
5,865 
Depreciation/amortisation of tangible and intangible 
fixed assets ............................................................ 
 
1,580 
 
1,551 
 
686 
Administrative fine ...................................................... 
4,000 
 
 
Total expenses .......................................................... 
24,560 
19,984 
16,835 
Profit before impairments ........................................ 
21,116 
25,976 
27,387 
Impairments of intangible assets…………………… ... 
— 
79 
306 
Impairments of tangible assets ................................... 
2 
8 
8 
Credit impairments ..................................................... 
4,334 
1,469 
521 
Profit before tax ........................................................ 
16,780 
24,420 
26,552 
 
 
 
 
Tax expense ............................................................... 
3,851 
4,711 
5,374 
Profit for the year ...................................................... 
12,929 
19,709 
21,178 
Profit for the year attributable to the 
shareholders of Swedbank AB ................................ 
12,929 
19,697 
21,162 
Non-controlling interests ............................................. 
— 
12 
16 
8.12.1 
Interest Income 
Consolidated interest income was SEK 33,791 million in 2020, compared to SEK 35,370 million in 
2019. Lower market interest rates on most of the products mainly contributed to this decrease in 
2020. Interest rates on loans to the public decreased from 1.97 per cent on average in 2019 to 1.93 
per cent on average in 2020 and interest rates on loans to credit institutions decreased from 1.07 per 
cent in 2019 to 0.55 per cent in 2020. In Swedish Banking, lending margins were lower in 2020 as 
compared to 2019. Interest income on bonds and other interest bearing securities increased from 
SEK 118 million in 2019 to SEK 378 million in 2020, mainly as a result of higher average interest 
rates and higher average volumes. Other interest income and derivative interest income decreased 
from SEK 1,689 million in 2019 to SEK 827 million in 2020, primarily due to decreases in derivatives 
income. 
Consolidated interest income was SEK 35,370 million in 2019, compared to SEK 34,058 million in 
2018. Higher market interest rates on certain lending products and increased lending volumes both 
contributed to this increase in 2019. Interest rates on loans to the public increased from 1.94 per 
cent on average in 2018 to 1.97 per cent on average in 2019, while interest rates on loans to credit 
institutions increased from 0.37 per cent in 2018 to 1.07 per cent in 2019. In Swedish Banking, 
mortgage margins were slightly lower in 2019 as compared to 2018. Interest income on bonds and 
other interest bearing securities increased from SEK 56 million in 2018 to SEK 118 million in 2019, 
mainly as a result of higher average interest rates. Other interest income and derivative interest 
income decreased from SEK 2,359 million in 2018 to SEK 1,689 million in 2019, primarily due to 
decreased in derivatives income. 
The components of interest income are set out below: 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Cash and balances with central banks ............................................ 
(547) 
439 
607 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing with central 
76 
172 
160

--- Page 171 ---
159 
 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
banks etc 
Loans to credit institutions 
314 
539 
147 
Loans to the public .......................................................................... 
32,645 
32,947 
31,069 
Bonds and other interest-bearing securities .................................... 
378 
118 
56 
Total interest-bearing assets ........................................................... 
32,866 
34,215 
32,039 
Derivatives ....................................................................................... 
637 
1,473 
2,157 
Other assets .................................................................................... 
190 
216 
202 
Total assets ..................................................................................... 
33,693 
35,904 
34,398 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net gains and losses 
on financial items ......................................................................... 
(98) 
534 
340 
Interest income .............................................................................. 
33,791 
35,370 
34,058 
 
8.12.2 
Interest Expenses 
 Consolidated interest expenses were SEK 6,938 million in 2020, compared to SEK 9,381 million in 
2019. In 2020, interest expenses decreased primarily due to lower expenses related to debt 
securities in issue, but was offset by the lower negative impact of derivatives. The government 
resolution fund fee decreased to SEK 863 million in 2020, compared to SEK 1,117 million in 2019. 
The fee for state deposit guarantees increased by SEK 109 million to SEK 566 million in 2020, 
compared to SEK 457 million in 2019. 
Consolidated interest expenses were SEK 9,381 million in 2019, compared to SEK 8,830 million in 
2018. In 2019, interest expenses increased primarily due to the lower negative impact of derivatives. 
The government resolution fund fee decreased to SEK 1,117 million in 2019, compared to SEK 
1,656 million in 2018. The fee for state deposit guarantees decreased by SEK 43 million to SEK 457 
million in 2019, compared to SEK 414 million in 2018. 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Amounts owed to credit institutions .................................................
204 
1,005 
971 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ........................................
847 
1,663 
1,234 
Debt securities in issue ....................................................................
7,282 
11,464 
12,726 
Senior non-preferred liabilities 
102 
15 
— 
Subordinated liabilities .....................................................................
821 
993 
1,016 
Interest-bearing liabilities .................................................................
9,256 
15,140 
15,947 
Derivatives .......................................................................................
(3,450) 
(6,945) 
(8,945) 
Other liabilities .................................................................................
962 
1,246 
1,702 
Total liabilities ..................................................................................
6,768 
9,441 
8,704 
Deduction of trading-related interests reported in net gains 
and losses on financial items .......................................................
(170) 
60 
(126) 
 
Interest expenses  .........................................................................
6,938 
9,381 
8,830 
 
8.12.3 
Net Interest Income 
Consolidated net interest income increased by 3 per cent to SEK 26,853 million in 2020, compared 
to SEK 25,989 million in 2019. Group net interest income increased mainly due to a lower resolution 
fund fee, higher lending volumes and deposit volumes, higher mortgage margins and lower funding 
costs. Net interest income increased within Swedish Banking, Baltic Banking and LC&I. The 
resolution fee decreased to SEK 863 million in 2020, compared to SEK 1,117 million in 2019. 
Consolidated net interest income increased by 3 per cent to SEK 25,989 million in 2019, compared 
to SEK 25,228 million in 2018. Group net interest income increased mainly due to a lower resolution 
fund fee and higher lending volumes. Net interest income increased within Swedish Banking and

--- Page 172 ---
160 
 
 
Baltic Banking, but decreased within LC&I. The resolution fee decreased to SEK 1,117 million in 
2019, compared to SEK 1,656 million in 2018. 
8.12.4 
Net Commission Income 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Asset management and custody ......................................... 
5,721 
5,334 
5,113 
Payment processing ............................................................ 
891 
923 
897 
Cards ................................................................................... 
2,532 
3,294 
3,176 
Lending ................................................................................ 
938 
898 
948 
Brokerage ............................................................................ 
192 
187 
181 
Corporate Finance ............................................................... 
100 
140 
123 
Life Insurance ...................................................................... 
338 
362 
386 
Other .................................................................................... 
2,058 
1,846 
2,012 
Total .................................................................................... 
12,770 
12,984 
12,836 
Consolidated net commission income decreased 2 per cent to SEK 12,770 million in 2020, 
compared to SEK 12,984 million in 2019, primarily as a result of decreased income from cards due 
to COVID-19, while asset management income increased due to a higher average volume of assets 
under management.  
Consolidated net commission income increased 1 per cent to SEK 12,984 million in 2019, compared 
to SEK 12,836 million in 2018, primarily as a result of higher income from asset management, credit 
cards and customer concepts, which include a varying bundle of offerings and services. This was 
partially offset by decreases in income from lending, guarantees and securities commissions. 
8.12.5 Net Gains and Losses on Financial Items  
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
Total fair value through profit or loss ....................................................................
1,318 
1,742 
658 
Total hedge accounting……………………………………………………………... 
(26) 
61 
(72) 
Derecognition gain or loss for financial liabilities at amortised cost ..................... 
(112) 
(153) 
(249) 
Derecognition gains or loss for financial assets at amortised cost ...................... 
214 
212 
133 
Trading related interest ........................................................................................ 
72 
474 
466 
Change in exchange rates ................................................................................... 
1,189 
1,293 
1,176 
Total .................................................................................................................... 
2,655 
3,629 
2,112 
 
 
Consolidated net gains on financial items decreased to SEK 2,655 million in 2020, compared to SEK 
3,629 million in 2019. The decrease was mainly due to lower appreciation of shareholdings in Visa 
and Enento in 2020. The Visa holding was hedged in the second quarter of 2020 and the Enento 
holding was divested in the third quarter. LC&I results, largely affected by derivative value 
adjustments (CVA/DVA), also contributed to a lower result.  
Consolidated net gains on financial items increased to SEK 3,629 million in 2019, compared to SEK 
2,112 million in 2018. The increase was mainly due to higher results within Group Treasury, where 
the value of the holdings in Visa and Asiakastieto rose. A higher result from fixed income and bond 
trading within LC&I also had a positive impact.

--- Page 173 ---
161 
 
 
8.12.6 
Net Insurance 
Net insurance increased by 4 per cent in 2020 from SEK 1,465 million in 2019 to SEK 1,518 million 
in 2020. The increase was mainly attributable to a higher premium for both life and non-life 
insurance businesses and lower provisions in life insurance operations. 
Net insurance increased by 23 per cent in 2019 from SEK 1,192 million in 2018 to SEK 1,465 million 
in 2019. The increase was mainly attributable to lower insurance provisions in life insurance 
operations. 
8.12.7 
Share of Profit or Loss in Associates and Joint Ventures 
The consolidated share of profit in associates decreased to SEK 582 million in 2020, compared to 
SEK 822 million in 2019, mainly due to higher income in 2019 when EnterCard Holding, an affiliated 
joint venture entity, divested a credit portfolio.  
The consolidated share of profit in associates decreased to SEK 822 million in 2019, compared to 
SEK 1,028 million in 2018, primarily due to a change in the value of Swedbank’s indirect holding in 
Visa Inc. in 2018. 
8.12.8 
Other Income 
Consolidated other income includes capital gains and losses on the sale of ownership interests in 
subsidiaries and associates to the extent they do not represent an independent service line or a 
significant business conducted within a geographical area. Other income also includes capital gains 
and losses on the sale of tangible assets.  
Consolidated other income increased by SEK 227 million to SEK 1,298 million in 2020 compared to 
SEK 1,071 million in 2019, primarily due to higher income related to IT and other services. 
Consolidated other income decreased by SEK 755 million to SEK 1,071 million in 2019 compared to 
SEK 1,826 million in 2018, primarily due to higher other operating income resulting from the gain on 
the sale of shares in UC AB, a Swedish credit reference agency.  
Staff Costs 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Salaries and Board fees .................................................................... 
7,524 
6,976 
6,455 
Compensation through shares in Swedbank AB ............................... 
178 
273 
322 
Social insurance charges .................................................................. 
2,117 
1,984 
2,049 
Pension costs .................................................................................... 
1,579 
1,303 
1,128 
Training costs .................................................................................... 
82 
130 
123 
Other staff costs ................................................................................ 
393 
453 
207 
Total .................................................................................................. 
11,873 
11,119 
10,284 
Since July 1, 2010 Swedbank has paid parts of its variable remuneration in the form of shares. This 
remuneration is accrued as an expense until the shares are settled. As a result, variable 
remuneration allocated to employees during the period differs from the recognised amount. The 
purpose of the programme is to build long-term commitment among employees through deferred 
remuneration in the form of shares. 
Consolidated staff costs increased to SEK 11,873 million in 2020 compared to SEK 11,119 million in 
2019. Staff costs increased due to a higher number of employees, annual wage increases and

--- Page 174 ---
162 
 
 
higher pension expenses. The increase in the number of employees was mainly to support AML 
initiatives and in IT. Variable staff costs decreased to SEK 362 million, compared to SEK 440 million 
in 2019. The number of full-time positions increased by 995 positions in 2020. There was an 
increase of 347 positions in Swedish Banking, an increase of 80 positions in Baltic Banking, an 
increase of 456 positions in Group Functions & Other and an increase of 112 positions in LC&I. As a 
result of external investigations conducted by the SFSA, EFSA and the Group’s internal investigation 
into allegations of anti-money laundering and potential sanctions breaches, the Board decided to 
unilaterally cancel severance payments to the former CEO (which were planned to start March 29, 
2020). 
Consolidated staff costs increased to SEK 11,119 million in 2019 compared to SEK 10,284 million in 
2018, primarily due to higher salaries and Board fees, mainly due to annual wage increases and a 
higher number of employees. Severance pay for former members of the Group Executive 
Committee, including Swedbank’s former CEO, also had an impact. Variable staff costs decreased 
to SEK 440 million, compared to SEK 528 million in 2018. The number of full-time positions 
increased by 353 positions in 2019. There was a decrease of 223 positions in Swedish Banking , an 
increase of 70 positions in Baltic Banking, an increase of 458 positions in Group Functions & Other 
and an increase of 48 positions in LC&I. As of March 23, 2020 and as a result of external 
investigations conducted by the SFSA, EFSA and the Group’s internal investigation into allegations 
of anti-money laundering and potential sanctions breaches, the Board has decided to unilaterally 
cancel severance payments to the former CEO (which was planned to start March 29, 2020). 
 
Other General Administrative Expenses 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Expenses for premises, rents .......................................................... 
459 
536 
1,192 
IT expenses ..................................................................................... 
2,318 
2,170 
1,955 
Telecommunications, postage ......................................................... 
162 
122 
137 
Consulting ........................................................................................ 
1,545 
1,637 
333 
Compensation to Savings banks ..................................................... 
231 
228 
224 
Other purchased services ................................................................ 
1,054 
953 
793 
Travel ............................................................................................... 
62 
230 
223 
Entertainment .................................................................................. 
26 
40 
52 
Office supplies ................................................................................. 
95 
82 
104 
Advertising, public relations, marketing ........................................... 
420 
338 
297 
Security transports, alarm systems ................................................. 
68 
69 
60 
Maintenance .................................................................................... 
94 
77 
90 
Other administrative expenses ........................................................ 
468 
627 
344 
Other operating expenses ............................................................... 
105 
205 
61 
Total ................................................................................................ 
7,107 
7,314 
5,865 
Consolidated other general administrative expenses decreased by SEK 207 million to SEK 7,107 
million in 2020, compared to SEK 7,314 million in 2019. Consulting expenses to manage money 
laundering related investigations decreased by SEK 252 million to SEK 852 million, while other 
consulting expenses increased by SEK 160 million. IT expenses increased to SEK 2,318 million 
compared to SEK 2,170 million in 2019.  
Consolidated other expenses increased by SEK 1,449 million to SEK 7,314 million in 2019, 
compared to SEK 5,865 million in 2018. Consulting expenses in 2019 to manage the investigations

--- Page 175 ---
163 
 
 
relating to allegations of money laundering amounted to SEK 1,104 million. A VAT provision of SEK 
256 million was also recognised during the year, as was SEK 125 million in fraud losses.  
8.12.9 
Depreciation and Amortisation 
Consolidated depreciation and amortisation increased by 29 million to SEK 1,580 million in 2020, 
compared to SEK 1,551 million in 2019. This increase is mainly attributable to right-of-use assets for 
rented premises, according to IFRS 16. 
Consolidated depreciation and amortisation increased by 865 million to SEK 1,551 million in 2019, 
compared to SEK 686 million in 2018. This increase is mainly attributable to right-of-use assets for 
rented premises and right-of-use assets for other assets, according to IFRS 16. 
8.12.10 Impairment of Intangible Assets 
There has been no impairment of intangible assets in 2020 compared to SEK 79 million in 2019. 
Impairment of intangible assets decreased to SEK 79 million in 2019 from SEK 306 million from 
2018. Impairment of SEK 66 million was recognised for the brand PayEx. A decision to use the 
Swedbank Pay name for parts of the business led to an additional impairment of SEK 13 million for 
internally developed software. 
8.12.11 Impairment of Tangible Assets 
Impairment of tangible assets decreased to SEK 2 million in 2020 compared to SEK 8 million from 
2019. 
Impairment of tangible assets was stable at SEK 8 million in 2019 compared to SEK 8 million from 
2018. 
8.12.12 Credit Impairment  
 Credit impairments amounted to SEK 4,334 million in 2020 compared to SEK 1,469 million in 2019. 
The increase in credit impairments is primarily related to increased provisions for a few large oil-
related counterparties, negative risk class changes in pandemic affected industries and post-model 
expert credit adjustments due to the uncertainty surrounding future economic impacts of COVID-19. 
LC&I constituted a large part of the credit impairments. Credit impairments in Swedish Banking 
amounted to SEK 664 million (as compared to SEK 154 million in 2019) and were a result of 
negative risk class changes in pandemic-affected industries as well as post-model expert credit 
judgments due to the uncertainty surrounding COVID-19’s future economic impacts. Credit 
impairments in Baltic Banking amounted to SEK 237 million (as compared to SEK 3 million in 2019) 
and were mainly explained by post-model expert credit adjustments due to uncertainty surrounding 
COVID-19’s future economic impacts. Credit impairments in LC&I amounted to SEK 3,425 million 
(as compared to SEK 1,312 million in 2019), driven by increased individual provisions for a few oil-
related counterparties, negative risk class changes in pandemic-affected industries and post-model 
expert credit adjustments due to the uncertainty surrounding COVID-19’s future economic impacts. 
A post-model expert credit adjustment was recognised, resulting in a total adjustment to increase 
credit impairment provisions by SEK 1,533 million at December 31, 2020 to account for the potential 
economic impacts of COVID-19 that have not yet been realised. The post-model expert credit 
adjustment is allocated as SEK 518 million in Stage 1, SEK 1,001 million in Stage 2 and SEK 13 
million in Stage 3. As of December 31, 2020, the most significant impacts of the post-model expert 
credit adjustments are reflected in the hotels and restaurants, manufacturing, transportation, retail 
and property management segments. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial

--- Page 176 ---
164 
 
 
Condition and Results of Operations—Credit Impairments and Provisioning Levels” and 
“Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information”. 
Credit impairments amounted to SEK 1,469 million in 2019 compared to SEK 521 million in 2018. 
The increase in credit impairments is primarily related to additional provisions for previously known 
oil-related problem loans within LC&I. Credit impairments were lower in Swedish Banking and only 
marginal in Baltic Banking. These segments performed more poorly than expected at the end of the 
year and are still over-leveraged despite previous restructurings, which led to additional provisions in 
the fourth quarter of 2020. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations—Credit Impairments and Provisioning Levels” and “Presentation of Certain 
Financial and Other Information”. 
8.12.13 Tax Expense 
Consolidated operating profit amounted to SEK  16,780 million in 2020, compared to SEK 24,420 
million in 2019. The consolidated tax expense recorded was SEK 3,851 million in 2020, compared to 
SEK 4,711 million in 2019, resulting in an effective tax rate of 22.9  per cent in 2020 and 19.3 per 
cent in 2019. The primary factor for the higher effective tax rate in 2020 was negatively affected by 
the SFSA’s administrative fine, which is not tax-deductible, and positively by a deferred tax asset 
from previous years. The Group’s effective tax rate is estimated to be at 19 to 21 per cent in the 
medium term. 
Consolidated operating profit amounted to SEK 24,420 million in 2019, compared to SEK 26,552 
million in 2018. The consolidated tax expense recorded was SEK 4,711 million in 2019, compared to 
SEK 5,374 million in 2018, resulting in an effective tax rate of 19.3 per cent in 2019 and 20.2 per 
cent in 2018. The primary factor for the lower effective tax rate in 2019 was lower corporate tax rates 
in Sweden and Estonia. The Group’s effective tax rate is estimated to be at 19 to 21 per cent in the 
medium term. Any future tax in Sweden on financial businesses could affect the future effective tax 
rate.   
8.12.14 Profit (Loss) Attributable to the Shareholders of Swedbank. 
 Consolidated profit for the year attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank in 2020 decreased by 
34 per cent to SEK 12,929 million, compared to SEK 19,697 million in 2019, mainly due to higher 
expenses, including the SFSA’s administrative fine, higher credit impairments and lower net gains 
and losses on financial items. Return on equity was 8.9 per cent in 2020, compared to 14.7 per cent 
in 2019. The Group’s cost/income ratio was 0.54 for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 0.43 for 
the year ended December 31, 2019. 
Consolidated profit for the year attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank in 2019 decreased by 7 
per cent to SEK 19,697 million, compared to SEK 21,162 million in 2018. Higher income was offset 
by higher expenses and credit impairments in 2019. The cost increase is mainly related to higher 
staff costs and investigative costs connected with money laundering allegations. Credit impairments 
were affected by a few oil-related problem loans. Return on equity was 14.7 per cent in 2019, 
compared to 16.1 per cent in 2018. The Group’s cost/income ratio was 0.43 for the year ended 
December 31, 2019 and 0.38 for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
8.13 
Results of Operations – Segmental Presentation  
The segmental income statement data set out below does not include intra-group eliminations. The 
effects of Swedbank’s ownership of Swedbank AS are included in Baltic Banking in the form of 
financial costs, Group goodwill and amortisation of the surplus value in the lending and deposits 
portfolios identified at the time of the acquisition in 2005.

--- Page 177 ---
165 
 
 
Financial reporting is divided into four segments: Swedish Banking, Baltic Banking, LC&I and Group 
Functions & Other. Group Treasury, Group Savings, Group Lending & Payments and Group IT are 
included in Group Functions & Other. 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
Swedish Banking 
 
 
 
Net interest income .............................................................  
16,276 
16,254 
15,386 
Net commissions ................................................................  
7,922 
7,854 
7,598 
Net gains and losses on financial items at fair value ..........  
351 
433 
406 
Other income ......................................................................  
1,596 
1,816 
2,177 
Total income .....................................................................  
26,145 
26,357 
25,567 
 
 
 
 
Baltic Banking 
 
 
 
Net interest income .............................................................  
5,354 
5,232 
4,768 
Net commissions ................................................................  
2,430 
2,627 
2,503 
Net gains and losses on financial items at fair value ..........  
337 
396 
272 
Other income ......................................................................  
876 
899 
737 
Total income .....................................................................  
8,997 
9,154 
8,280 
 
 
 
 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
 
 
 
Net interest income .............................................................  
3,834 
3,769 
3,982 
Net commissions ................................................................  
2,436 
2,411 
2,605 
Net gains and losses on financial items at fair value ..........  
1,897 
2,085 
1,777 
Other income ......................................................................  
116 
111 
156 
Total income .....................................................................  
8,283 
8,376 
8,520 
 
 
 
 
Group Functions & Other 
 
 
 
Net interest income .............................................................  
1,417 
735  
1,092 
Net commissions ................................................................  
(137) 
(13) 
84 
Net gains and losses on financial items at fair value ..........  
71 
716 
(345) 
Other income ......................................................................  
1,070 
790 
1,170 
Total income .....................................................................  
2,421 
2,228 
2,001 
_______ 
For information on consolidated income statement data, please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results 
of Operations—Consolidated Income Statement.”

--- Page 178 ---
166 
 
 
8.14 
Assets and Liabilities  
8.14.1 
Assets 
Total assets increased by SEK 187 billion from SEK 2,408 billion to SEK 2,595 billion between 
December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020. Assets increased by SEK 10 billion, due to higher 
lending to the public, excluding the SNDO and repurchase agreements. The biggest contribution to 
the increase came from mortgages in Sweden, which grew by SEK 31 billion. Corporate lending 
decreased by SEK 16 billion. A decrease in lending to tenant-owner associations led to a decrease 
of SEK 7 billion. Foreign exchange effects reduced the value of lending volumes by SEK 12 billion 
compared with 2019. Cash and balances with central banks increased by SEK 99 billion and 
financial assets for which customers bear the risk increased by SEK 27 billion. 
Total assets increased by SEK 162 billion from SEK 2,246 billion to SEK 2,408 billion between 
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019. Assets increased by SEK 28 billion, due to higher 
lending to the public, excluding the SNDO and repurchase agreements. The biggest contribution to 
the increase came from mortgages in Sweden, which grew by SEK 20 billion. Corporate lending 
increased by SEK 5 billion. A decrease in lending to tenant-owner associations led to a decrease of 
SEK 7 billion. Foreign exchange effects positively affected lending by SEK 6 billion. Interest-bearing 
securities, Treasury bills, bonds and other securities increased by SEK 42 billion. Cash and 
balances with central banks increased by SEK 32 billion and fund shares for which customers bear 
the risk increased by SEK 47 billion. 
8.14.2 
Liabilities 
Total liabilities increased by 7 per cent from SEK 2,270 billion to SEK 2,439 billion between 
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. The increase in total liabilities was mainly attributable 
to deposits and borrowings from the public, which increased by a total of SEK 177 billion in 2020, 
excluding the SNDO and repurchase agreements. 
Total liabilities increased by 8 per cent from SEK 2,108 billion to SEK 2,270 billion between 
December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018. The increase in total liabilities was mainly attributable 
to deposits and borrowings from the public, which increased by a total of SEK 34 billion in 2019, 
excluding the SNDO and repurchase agreements. 
8.15 
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
8.15.1 
Funding and Liquidity Strategy 
Liquidity risk refers to the risk of not being able to meet payment obligations at maturity without 
significant increase in cost of obtaining means of payment (due to high borrowing costs or low prices 
when divesting assets).  
In accordance with the Board of Directors’ liquidity risk framework, Group Treasury has the overall 
responsibility to centrally manage the Group`s liquidity risks according to the principles and limits 
outlined by the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer.  
Swedbank’s funding strategy is based on the structure of its assets. More than half of Swedbank’s 
lending consists of Swedish mortgages, which are primarily financed through covered bonds. 
Swedbank is one of the leading savings banks in its home markets. Deposit volumes, together with 
covered bonds and shareholder equity, cover the majority of Swedbank’s total funding requirements.  
The share of unsecured funding is mainly determined by Swedbank’s liquidity needs and the buffer it 
wants to maintain in its cover pool in the form of over-collateralisation in order to withstand

--- Page 179 ---
167 
 
 
fluctuations in housing prices. Another driver for the issuance of senior unsecured debt is 
Swedbank’s MREL requirement. The first stage of the MREL requirement required compliance by 
January 1, 2018 and the second and final step by January 1, 2024. On December 18, 2019, the 
SNDO published the MREL requirements for 2020 for the ten Swedish banks deemed to be 
systemically important. The SNDO assessment showed that, as of such date, Swedbank fulfilled its 
requirements by a healthy margin. Expressed as a percentage of TLOF, the requirement stands at 
6.22 per cent.  
The main liquidity measure used by the Board of Directors and executive management is the 
survival horizon, which shows how long the Group can manage long periods of stress in capital 
markets in which access to new financing would be limited. As of December 31, 2020, the Group 
would be able to survive for more than 12 months without the need to access the capital markets. 
This applies to the Group’s total liquidity as well as liquidity in U.S. dollar and Euro. This is an 
internally developed calculation which may not be comparable to similar measures published by 
other banks.   
Swedbank’s funding strategy is also closely linked to the credit quality of the assets in the balance 
sheet. One of Swedbank’s focus areas for managing liquidity risk is to ensure that it retains high 
quality in all lending. Swedbank strives to match unsecured funding against assets of an equivalent 
amount and maturity. 
Liquidity risks are measured and reported daily through analyses of the Group’s cumulated net 
financing requirement, based on daily contractual cash flows and the volume of liquid assets eligible 
for refinancing. These measures, showing the Group’s expected future cash flows, provide important 
information for liquidity risk management and for the planning of the Group’s funding. Impacts from 
non-contractual cash flows are measured through different simulations and stress tests.  
Swedbank Management is of the opinion that the Group’s working capital (i.e. its ability to access 
cash and other available liquid resources) is sufficient for it to meet its liabilities as they become due 
for a period of 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
For more information regarding liquidity risk management, see “Risk Management — Liquidity Risk”. 
8.15.2 
Sources of Funding  
Swedbank uses a number of different funding programmes for its short and long-term funding, 
including programmes for commercial paper, certificates of deposit, covered bonds and senior 
unsecured debt. 
In 2020, Swedbank initially took a less active role in the funding market because the anti-money 
laundering investigations were being finalised in March 2020. Overall in 2020, Swedbank saw a 
lower funding need due to slower loan growth, an increase of deposits and lower volume of maturing 
long-term debt compared to 2019. The funding plan is based on future maturities of long-term debt 
and is mainly affected by changes in deposit volumes and loan growth and is therefore adjusted 
during the year. Swedbank has a higher level of funding maturing in 2021, but the funding plan is 
relatively stable compared to 2020. During 2020, Swedbank observed no change in the demand for 
its debt even though there was a premium attached to the pricing thereof as a result of recent 
allegations of compliance shortcomings. Swedbank was less active in the domestic covered bond 
market and less active in international funding markets due to the inflow of deposits and lower 
demand for loans.  
In 2020, Swedbank issued a total of SEK 78 billion in long-term debt, of which SEK 3 billion was 
issued in the fourth quarter, compared to issues of SEK 132 billion in 2019. Covered bond issues 
accounted for SEK 41 billion of the total in 2020. In 2021, Swedbank plans to issue SEK 90 billion in

--- Page 180 ---
168 
 
 
debt instruments to meet maturing funding with a nominal value of SEK 124 billion and credit 
demand, mainly in Swedish mortgages. At December 31, 2020, outstanding short-term funding 
amounted to SEK 127 billion. Available cash and balances with central banks and excess reserves 
with the SNDO amounted to SEK 315 billion.  
The Group’s liquidity reserve amounted to SEK 485 billion as of December 31, 2020, compared to 
SEK 380 billion as of December 31, 2019. The liquidity reserve and the Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(the “LCR”) fluctuate over time depending on, among other factors, the maturity structure of 
Swedbank’s issued securities. As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s LCR was 174 per cent 
(compared to 182 per cent as of December 31, 2019) and 145 per cent and 263 per cent, 
respectively, for USD and EUR. Pursuant to the revised Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR2”) 
(EU Regulation 2019/876), as of December 31, 2020 Swedbank’s Net Stable Funding Ration 
(“NSFR”) was 125 per cent, compared to 120 per cent as of December 31, 2019. 
 
The Group 
SEK million, as of December 31, 2020  
Total 
Amount owed to credit institutions .............................................................................................................. 
150,313 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ................................................................................................... 
1,148,240 
Debt securities in issue ................................................................................................................................. 
732,814 
Senior non-preferred liabilities ..................................................................................................................... 
10,359 
Subordinated liabilities .................................................................................................................................. 
23,434 
Total ................................................................................................................................................................. 
2,065,160 
 
8.15.3 
Maturing Debts 
As of December 31, 2020, the Group had external outstanding long-term issued debt amounting to 
nominal SEK 124 billion maturing in 2021.  
As of December 31, 2020, the maturity distribution of the Group’s funding sources is reflected in the 
following table:  
 
 
SEK million 
<3 mths 
3 mths-1yr 
1-5 yrs 
5-10 yrs 
>10 yrs 
Discount 
effect / no 
maturity 
Total 
Amount owed to credit 
institutions ........................ 
75,795 
441  
74,077  
– 
– 
– 
150,313  
Deposits and 
borrowings from the 
public ................................. 
1,124,287 
22,501  
1,391  
56  
5 
– 
1,148,240  
Debt securities in issue ... 
92,885 
164,579  
430,558 
28,552 
17,519 
-1,279 
732,814  
Senior non-preferred 
liabilities ............................ 
– 
– 
10,076 
201 
– 
82  
10,359  
Subordinated liabilities .... 
– 
– 
22,466 
394 
– 
574  
23,434 
Total  .................................. 
1,292,967 
204,522  
538,568 
29,203 
17,524  
-623  
2,082,161  
 
Long-term funding with an original maturity of over one year had an average maturity of 33 months, 
of which 35 months for covered bonds and 22 months for senior funding. 
8.15.4 
Deposits from the Public 
The Group is among the market leaders in deposits in all of its home markets and its market shares 
have generally remained stable in all those markets during the last three years. As of December 31, 
2020, the Group’s total deposits and borrowings from the public amounted to SEK 1,148 billion. The

--- Page 181 ---
169 
 
 
Group’s deposit base is largely stable but increased by 20 per cent during 2020 mainly due to 
savings from private individuals, government support and quantitative easing from the Swedish 
Central Bank. 
8.15.5 
Covered Bonds 
Swedbank Mortgage’s lending to the public is mainly financed through deposits and capital market 
borrowing, primarily covered bonds. Swedbank Mortgage is the sole issuer of covered bonds within 
the Group.  
Swedbank Mortgage is the market leading mortgage lender in Sweden with a market share of 23 per 
cent as of December 31, 2020.21 Swedbank’s more than one million customers include Swedish 
homeowners, businesses, tenant-owner associations, municipalities and agricultural and forestry 
businesses.  
8.15.6 
Senior Unsecured Debt 
As a further source of funding, the Group had outstanding senior unsecured debt amounting to SEK 
128 billion as of December 31, 2020 as compared to SEK 128 billion as of December 31, 2019. The 
main purpose for senior unsecured funding is to provide liquidity and to finance corporate lending, 
but also to fulfil the MREL requirement up to January 1, 2024. 
8.15.7 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities 
In 2019 Swedbank issued senior non-preferred liabilities for the first time to fulfil the MREL 
subordination requirement. As of December 31, 2020, the sum of outstanding volumes is SEK 10 
billion. According to current MREL requirements, as of January 1, 2024, and based on the 2020 
year-end report, Swedbank needs to hold the equivalent of SEK 69 billion of senior non-preferred 
liabilities. 
8.15.8 
Interbank Funding 
The Group’s dependence on interbank funding is low. As of December 31, 2020, amounts owed to 
credit institutions amounted to SEK 150 billion, compared to SEK 70 billion as of December 31, 
2019.  
8.15.9 
Subordinated Debt Instruments  
Swedbank called USD 750 million in AT1 capital during 2020. There were no additional call dates in 
2020 relating to subordinated debt. 
Capital Adequacy  
The following table sets forth the consolidated capital adequacy data of the Group as of the dates 
indicated. The Group’s insurance companies are consolidated according to the equity method 
instead of full consolidation. The EnterCard Holding, is consolidated through the proportional method 
instead of the equity method. Otherwise, the same principles for consolidations are applied as for the 
Group.  
Capital adequacy, the Group,  
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ................................................................................................... 
120,496 
110,073 
103,812 
Additional Tier 1 capital ................................................................................................................ 
8,352 
16,153 
10,949 
Tier 1 capital ............................................................................................................................... 
128,848 
126,226 
114,761 
                                                     
21 
 Statistics Sweden (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2021-01-31, www.scb.se.

--- Page 182 ---
170 
 
 
Tier 2 capital ................................................................................................................................ 
15,889 
15,328 
22,232 
Total capital ................................................................................................................................ 
144,737 
141,554 
136,993 
Risk exposure amount ............................................................................................................... 
689,594 
649,237 
637,882 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio, % ..................................................................................... 
17.5 
17.0 
16.3 
Tier 1 capital ratio ...................................................................................................................... 
18.7 
19.4 
18.0 
Total capital ratio, % .................................................................................................................. 
21.0 
21.8 
21.5 
 
Capital adequacy 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Shareholders' equity according to the Group's balance sheet ...................................................... 
155,168 
138,608 
137,396  
Non-controlling interests .............................................................................................................. 
—  
— 
72 
Anticipated dividend1 .................................................................................................................... 
(16,320) 
(9,856) 
(15,885)  
Deconsolidation of insurance companies2 .................................................................................... 
  
(758) 
(438)  
Value changes in own financial liabilities ...................................................................................... 
(77) 
(90) 
(107)  
Cash flow hedges......................................................................................................................... 
2 
(5) 
(2)  
Additional value adjustments3 ...................................................................................................... 
(478) 
(454) 
(454) 
Goodwill ....................................................................................................................................... 
(12,705) 
(13,090) 
(12,929) 
Goodwill in significant investments ............................................................................................... 
(709) 
(709) 
(709) 
Deferred tax assets ...................................................................................................................... 
(78) 
(108) 
(113) 
Intangible assets .......................................................................................................................... 
(4,116) 
(3,433) 
(2,974) 
Deductions of CET1 capital due to Article 3 CRR4 ....................................................................... 
(158) 
— 
— 
Shares deducted from CET 1 capital ............................................................................................ 
(33) 
(32) 
(45) 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ................................................................................................... 
120,496 
110,073 
103,812 
Tier 1 capital contributions ........................................................................................................... 
8,352 
16,153 
10,949 
Total Tier 1 capital ...................................................................................................................... 
128,848 
126,226 
114,761 
Tier 2 capital ................................................................................................................................ 
15,889 
15,328 
22,232 
Total capital ................................................................................................................................ 
144,737 
141,554 
136,993 
Minimum capital requirement for credit risks, standardised approach .......................................... 
3,865 
3,614 
3,328 
Minimum capital requirement for credit risks, IRB ........................................................................ 
23,972 
21,559 
21,715 
Minimum capital requirement for credit risk, default fund contribution .......................................... 
44 
47 
29 
Minimum capital requirement for settlement risks ......................................................................... 
0 
0 
0 
Minimum capital requirement for market risks .............................................................................. 
1,385 
1,308 
1,042 
Minimum capital requirement for credit value adjustment ............................................................. 
358 
378 
307 
Minimum capital requirement for operational risks ....................................................................... 
5,882 
5,481 
5,182 
Additional minimum capital requirement, Article 3 CRR5 .............................................................. 
1,584 
2,451 
2,743 
Additional minimum capital requirement, Article 458 CRR6 .......................................................... 
18,084 
17,101 
16,685 
Minimum capital requirement ................................................................................................... 
55,168 
51,939 
51,031  
Risk exposure amount credit risks ................................................................................................ 
299,652 
269,485 
271,437 
Risk exposure amount credit risks, standardised approach 
48,309 
45,174 
41,606 
Risk exposure amount default fund contribution 
556 
584 
357 
Risk exposure amount settlement risks ........................................................................................ 
0 
0 
0 
Risk exposure amount market risks ............................................................................................. 
17,314 
16,350 
13,024 
Risk exposure amount credit value adjustment ............................................................................ 
4,398 
4,730 
3,826 
Risk exposure amount operational risks ....................................................................................... 
73,521 
68,514 
64,779 
Additional risk exposure amount, Article 3 CRR 
19,800 
30,635 
34,286 
Additional risk exposure amount, Article 458 CRR 
226,044 
213,765 
208,567 
Risk exposure amount ............................................................................................................... 
689,594 
649,237 
637,882 
 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio, % ..................................................................................... 
17.5 
17.0 
16.3 
Tier 1 capital ratio, % ................................................................................................................. 
18.7 
19.4 
18.0 
Total capital ratio, % .................................................................................................................. 
21.0 
21.8 
21.5 
 
 
 
 
Capital buffer requirement7, % 
CET 1 capital requirement including buffer requirements ............................................................. 
11.0 
12.0 
11.6 
of which minimum CET 1 requirement 
4.5 
4.5 
4.5 
of which capital conservation buffer ............................................................................................. 
2.5 
2.5 
2.5 
of which countercyclical capital buffer .......................................................................................... 
0.0 
2.0 
1.6 
of which systemic risk buffer ........................................................................................................ 
3.0 
3.0 
3.0 
of which buffer for other systemically important institutions .......................................................... 
1.0 
— 
— 
CET 1 capital available to meet buffer requirements8 ................................................................... 
12.7 
12.5 
11.8

--- Page 183 ---
171 
 
 
 
 __________  
Notes: 
1 
Expected dividend based on the annual profit for 2019 and 2020.  
2 
As of December 31, 2020, insurance companies are recognised in Swedbank’s consolidated situation according to the equity method. 
Therefore, there are no longer any differences compared to the Group’s equity due to deconsolidation of subsidiaries. Investments in 
insurance companies are deducted from their own funds if above 10% of CET1 capital.  
3 
Adjustment due to the implementation of EBA’s technical standards on prudent valuation. The objective of these standards is to determine 
prudent values of fair value positions. 
4 
As of December 31, 2020, a deduction has been introduced for non-performing exposures within the Baltic entities.5 
Net pension 
assets. To rectify for under-estimation of default frequency in the model for large corporate exposures, Swedbank has decided to hold 
more capital until the updated model has been approved by the SFSA. The amount also includes planned implementation of EBA’s 
guidelines on the new default definition and increased safety margins. Additional risk exposure amount according to article 3 CRR 
December 31, 2019 includes the mortgage floor effect for reclassification of mortgage offers of SEK 4.2 billion. As of March 31, 2020 
these are directly included in the additional risk exposure amount according to article 458 CRR. As of September 30, 2020 Swedbank has 
updated the LGD-model which decreases the additional risk exposure amount according to article 3 CRR by SEK 16.3 billion. 
6 
Additional risk exposure amount and minimum capital requirement following the changed application of the risk weight floor for Swedish 
mortgages according to the SFSA’s decision. 
7 
Buffer requirement according to Swedish implementation of CRD V. As of December 2020 buffer requirements also include a buffer for 
other systemically important institutions of 1 per cent. 
8 
CET 1 capital ratio as reported, less minimum requirement of 4.5 per cent (excluding buffer requirements) and less any CET 1 items used 
to meet the Tier 1 and total capital requirements. 
 
8.15.10 Basel III  
On December 16, 2010, the Basel Committee published its final framework for new capital and 
liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity 
standards for credit institutions (the so-called ‘‘Basel III’’ framework). The CET 1 capital ratio 
according to requirements under Basel III is fully phased-in in Sweden. On a consolidated basis, the 
ratio of Swedbank’s CET 1 capital to its risk exposure amount (“REA”) was 17.5 per cent as of 
December 31, 2020 and 17.0 per cent as of December 31, 2019. 
CET 1 capital increased by SEK 10.4 billion to 120.5 billion as of December 31, 2020 compared to 
December 31, 2019. This change was mainly attributable to earnings, net of proposed dividend. The 
change in the accounting for employee benefits (IAS 19), which came into force in 2013, creates 
volatility in estimated pension liabilities and increased CET 1 capital by SEK 4.2 billion during 2020. 
Subordinated debt included in the total capital decreased by SEK 7.2 billion where Tier 2 capital 
increased by SEK 0.6 billion and Additional Tier 1 capital decreased by SEK 7.8 billion. 
The Group’s REA increased during 2020 by SEK 40.4 billion to SEK 689.6 billion as of December 
31, 2020 from SEK 649.2 billion as of December 31, 2019. Credit risk REA excluding additional REA 
for Article 458 (mortgage floor) increased by SEK 33.3 billion during 2020. Changes in loss given 
default (“LGD”) increased credit risk REA by SEK 16.3 billion. A Margin of Conservatism (“MoC”) for 
the LGD model for large corporates was implemented during the third quarter of 2020, resulting in an 
increase in credit risk REA for LGD of SEK 20.8 billion. Improved LGD levels resulting from 
increasing collaterals, mainly for corporate customers within LC&I, decreased credit risk REA by 
SEK 4.5 billion. The risk weight floor for the Swedish mortgage portfolio of 25 per cent increased 
REA by SEK 12.3 billion under Article 458 of the Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended by the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR”) (EU) No 575/2013. 
Increased exposures, including foreign exchange, have increased credit risk REA by SEK 6.4 billion, 
mainly due to increased other assets and equity exposures within Group Functions as well as 
increased exposures towards retail customers within Swedish Banking and Baltic Banking. This 
increase was partially offset by FX effects. Probability of default (“PD”) migrations contributed to 
increases in credit risk REA of SEK 7.2 billion, mainly towards corporates within LC&I, Swedish 
Banking and Baltic Banking. 
During the second quarter of 2020, a re-rating program for all large corporate customers was 
performed to reflect the increased risk arising from COVID-19. Counterparty credit risk increased 
REA by SEK 4.0 billion, primarily due to increased exposures towards corporates and institutions

--- Page 184 ---
172 
 
 
within LC&I. Other credit risk decreased REA by SEK 0.6 billion, mainly due to shorter maturities that 
were partially offset by increases in defaulting corporate customers within LC&I. 
The additional risk exposure amounts for Article 3 in the CRR resulted in a REA decrease of SEK 
10.8 billion, primarily due to the PD model for large corporates. 
Market risk REA increased by SEK 1.0 billion in 2020. Most of the increase was derived from the 
input to the internal model used when calculating market risk REA. 
REA for credit valuation adjustment decreased by SEK 0.3 billion in 2020. The main driver for the 
lower total EAD. 
The update of the operational risk calculation increased REA by SEK 5.0 billion during the year. The 
annual update during the first quarter of 2020 contributed to a REA increase of SEK 2.9 billion. After 
clarifications from the European Banking Authority, an additional update of the calculation was made 
as of December 2020, which further increased REA by SEK 2.1 billion. The increase in REA for 
operational risk was mainly due to increased income levels. This impacted the capital requirement 
for operational risks, since it was calculated based on a rolling three-year average of revenues. 
Going forward, the calculation will be performed once a year in December. 
Since 2014, Swedish banks have been required to report their leverage ratio to regulators, and a 
formal disclosure requirement was introduced in the first quarter of 2015. The leverage ratio can be 
used to ensure a minimum capital level in relation to the size of the balance sheet. Swedbank’s 
leverage ratio (according to CRR) was 5.1 per cent as of December 31, 2020. 
For a further discussion in relation to the Basel III reforms which were published on December 7, 
2017, see “Regulatory Considerations—Banking Regulation & Supervision in Sweden—Capital 
adequacy & liquidity.” 
8.15.11 Swedish Capital Requirements Regulation  
Minimum CET 1 capital requirements, implemented and proposed capital buffers and Pillar 2 capital 
requirements that Swedbank is required to meet are set out in the table below: 
 
 
 
Capital Requirements: Fully Implemented Buffers and Pillar 2 Requirements1 
 
CET 1 
AT1 
T2 
Total 
Capital5 
Pillar 1 
 
 
 
 
Minimum CET 1 Requirement ..................................................... 
4.5% 
1.5% 
2.0% 
8.0% 
Systemic Buffer ............................................................................ 
3.0% 
— 
— 
3.0% 
Capital Conservation Buffer ......................................................... 
2.5% 
— 
— 
2.5% 
Countercyclical Buffer .................................................................. 
0.0% 
— 
— 
0.0% 
Other Systemically Important Institution Buffer (“O-SII”) ............. 
1.0% 
— 
— 
1.0% 
Total ............................................................................................ 
11.0% 
1.5% 
2.0% 
14.5% 
 
 
 
 
 
Pillar 22 
 
 
 
 
Individual Pillar 2 Charge ............................................................. 
1.4% 
0.3% 
0.4% 
2.0% 
of which Interest rate risk in the banking book ............................. 
0.1% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
0.3% 
of which Credit-related concentration  
risk ............................................................................................... 
0.3% 
0.1% 
0.1% 
0.5% 
of which Adjustment to estimates of probability of default  .......... 
0.3% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
0.4% 
of which Maturity floor for corporate exposures ........................... 
0.1% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.2% 
of which Pension risk ................................................................... 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
of which Commercial real estate add-on ..................................... 
0.5% 
0.1% 
0.1% 
0.7% 
of which Other .............................................................................. 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Total3 ........................................................................................... 
1.4% 
0.3% 
0.4% 
2.0% 
Capital Requirements ................................................................ 
12.4% 
1.8% 
2.4% 
16.5%

--- Page 185 ---
173 
 
 
 __________  
Notes: 
1 
Swedbank's calculation based on SFSA's announced capital requirements, including fully implemented buffers and Pillar 2 requirements. 
2 
The individual Pillar 2 charge items as of December 31, 2020, according to SFSA’s SREP decision in December, 2020, in relation to REA 
as of December 31, 2020. 
3 
Note: Values in columns and rows might not sum up exactly due to rounding.  
 
In 2014, the SFSA decided which capital requirements would apply to Swedish banks beyond the 
minimum level of 7 per cent Common Equity Tier 1 capital (including the mandatory capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent) in accordance with the EU rules. As of January 1, 2015, the four 
major Swedish banks, including Swedbank, are required to maintain a systemic risk buffer of 3 per 
cent in Common Equity Tier 1 capital within the framework of Pillar 1. The Swedish FSA decided in 
March 2020 to lower the countercyclical buffer by 2.5 percentage points and set it at 0 per cent for 
Swedish exposures. 
Due to the increase in the risk weight floor for the Swedish mortgage portfolio from 15 per cent in 
2013 to 25 per cent in 2014, Swedbank has been required to maintain additional Common Equity 
Tier 1 capital for Swedish mortgages within the framework of Pillar 2. From the end of 2018, this 
Pillar 2 requirement has been replaced with the requirement within the framework of Article 458 of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending CRR to include 
risk weight floor for Swedish mortgages in the Pillar 1 framework. The change has not materially 
affected Swedbank’s Common Equity Tier 1 requirement expressed in nominal monetary terms, and 
as of December 31, 2020, Swedbank held an additional SEK 24.9 billion in Common Equity Tier 1 
capital due to the mortgage risk weight floor. In its internal controls, Swedbank allocates capital to its 
mortgage business equivalent to a 25 per cent risk weight floor. 
Since 2015, the SFSA has, in the course of its Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
(“SREP”), used standardised methods for assessing capital requirements within the framework of 
Pillar 2 for credit-related concentration risk, interest rate risk in the banking book and pension risk. 
The total capital requirement for Swedbank, calculated as of December 31, 2020 on the basis set 
out in the table above, is equivalent to a CET 1 capital ratio of 12.4 per cent and a total capital 
requirement amounting to 16.5 per cent. Swedbank’s actual CET 1 ratio and total capital ratio as of 
December 31, 2020 were 17.5 per cent and 21.0 per cent, respectively. It is therefore expected that 
the Group has an adequate buffer above the fully implemented capital requirement to manage 
volatilities in capital and the REA.  
8.16 
Off-Balance Sheet Obligations  
The Group has no significant off-balance sheet obligations other than those entered into in the 
ordinary course of business. 
8.17 
Cash Flow  
The tables below show the composition of the Group’s cash flow for the years ended December 31, 
2020, 2019  and 2018.  
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
20191 
20182 
Cash and equivalents at the beginning of the year .....................  
195,286 
163,161 
200,371 
Cash flow from operating activities ..............................................  
109,237 
37,968 
27,134 
Cash flow from investing activities ...............................................  
1,383 
995 
1,671 
Cash flow from financing activities ..............................................  
(8,698) 
(8,147) 
(68,875) 
Cash flow for the year ...............................................................  
101,922 
30,816 
(40,070) 
Exchange rate differences on cash and cash equivalents ..........  
(3,397) 
1,309 
2,860 
Cash and equivalents at end of the year .................................  
293,811 
195,286 
163,161

--- Page 186 ---
174 
 
 
 
Notes: 
1 
The 2019 cash flows have been restated for changed presentation of the statement of cash flow. The cash flow from operating activities 
has decreased by SEK 41 million and cash flow from financing activities has increased by SEK 41 million. See “Presentation of Certain 
Financial and Other Information.” 
2 
The 2018 figures have not been restated to reflect the changed presentation of the statement of cash flow. See “Presentation of Certain 
Financial and Other Information.” 
 
8.17.1 
Operating Activities 
Cash flow from operating activities is based on operating profit for the relevant year. Adjustments are 
made for items not included in cash flow from operating activities. Changes in assets and liabilities 
from operating activities consist of items which are part of normal business activities, such as loans 
to and deposits and borrowings from the public and credit institutions, and which are not attributable 
to investing and financing activities. Cash flow included interest receipts of SEK 33,244 million in 
2020 compared to SEK 36,372 million in 2019 and interest payments of SEK 5,042 million in 2020 
compared to SEK 9,809 million in 2019.  
8.17.2 
Investing Activities  
Investing activities consist of purchases and sales of businesses and other fixed assets such as 
owner-occupied properties and equipment and strategic financial assets. Strategic financial assets 
refers to holdings of interest-bearing securities held to maturity and strategic shareholdings in 
companies other than subsidiaries and associates.  
During 2020, contributions were provided to joint venture Invidem AB of SEK 23 million and P27 
Nordic Payments Platform AB of SEK 31 million. During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Visa Inc. A 
shares were sold and Swedbank received a cash payment of SEK 794 million. During the third 
quarter, the shares in the Finnish credit information company Enento Group were sold. Swedbank 
received a cash payment of SEK 570 million. During the second quarter the associated company 
Svensk Mäklarstatistik was sold. Swedbank received a cash payment of SEK 5 million (with a capital 
gain of SEK 3 million). During the first quarter of 2017, the associated company Hemnet AB was 
sold. Swedbank received parts of the cash payment (SEK 71 million), in the first quarter of 2020 as 
well as in the first quarter of 2019.  
In 2019, Swedbank sold the associated company Babs Paylink AB and received a cash payment of 
SEK 113 million. The capital gain was SEK 25 million. Swedbank AB sold 11 percentage points of 
the Ölands Bank AB subsidiary, resulting in an ownership of 49 per cent. As a result, the company is 
accounted for as an associated company according to the equity method from the date of disposal. 
Swedbank received a cash payment of SEK 52 million. The capital gain was SEK 40 million.  
In 2018, Swedbank divested its shares in UC AB and received a cash payment of SEK 206 million 
as well as shares amounting to 7.4 per cent of the ownership stake in the Finnish credit information 
company Asiakastieto Group Plc, which corresponded to a market value of SEK 502 million as of 
June 29, 2018. The capital gain on this holding in 2018 amounted to SEK 677 million. In terms of 
strategic shareholdings, Swedbank bought 6 per cent of the shares in Meniga Ltd for SEK 31 million 
in March 2018, and in December 2018 increased its holding in Minna Technolgies AB (Mina Tjänster 
AB) by an additional SEK 10 million and also bought 14 per cent of the shares in financial 
technology company Asteria for 6 million.  
8.17.3 
Financing Activities 
In 2020 cash flow from financing activities decreased by SEK 551 million to SEK (8,698) million, 
compared to SEK (8,147) million in 2019, primarily due to decreases in the issuance and redemption 
of subordinated liabilities.

--- Page 187 ---
175 
 
 
8.17.4 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and balances with central banks, which correspond to 
the balance sheet item “Cash and balances with central banks”. Cash and cash equivalents in the 
statement of cash flow are defined according to IAS 7 and do not correspond to what the Group 
considers liquidity.

--- Page 188 ---
176 
 
 
9. 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness  
The following table sets forth the capitalisation of the Group as of December 31, 2020. The table 
should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations” and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
9.1 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness 
 
 
As of December 
31, 2020 
Total 
capitalisation 
and 
indebtedness 
 
 
 
 
(SEK million) 
(%) 
Liabilities 
 
 
Commercial paper ..............................................................................................  
127,209 
13.8% 
Covered bonds ...................................................................................................  
471,491 
51.1% 
Other interest-bearing bonds .............................................................................. 
128,437 
13.9% 
Structure retail bonds ......................................................................................... 
5,677 
0.6% 
Total debt securities in issue .......................................................................... 
732,814 
79.5% 
Senior non-preferred liabilities ............................................................................ 
10,359 
1.1% 
Subordinated liabilities ........................................................................................ 
23,434 
2.5% 
Equity 
 
 
Restricted equity ................................................................................................. 
60,434 
6.6% 
Non-restricted equity .......................................................................................... 
94,734 
10.3% 
of which Profit for the year .................................................................................. 
12,929 
1.4% 
Non-controlling interests ..................................................................................... 
25 
0.0% 
Total shareholders’ equity ............................................................................... 
155,193 
16.8% 
Total capitalisation and Indebtedness ........................................................... 
921,800 
100.0%

--- Page 189 ---
177 
 
 
10. 
Selected Statistical and Other Information 
The information below is unaudited and derived from the unaudited financial records of Swedbank 
and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements and 
accompanying notes incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as well as with the section 
“Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information” and “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”. 
10.1 
Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity  
10.1.1 
Average Balance Sheet Information and Information on Interest Rates 
The following tables set forth the average balances of the Group’s interest-earning assets and 
interest-bearing liabilities, other assets and liabilities, the interest generated from such assets and 
liabilities and average annualised return rate at each date presented. Average balances were 
calculated on the basis of monthly data. 
 
As of December 31, 2020 
SEK million 
 
Average balance 
Interest 
income/expense 
Average annual 
interest rate, % 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks 
332,928 
-547 
-0.16 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing with 
central banks, etc 
143,126 
76 
0.05 
Loans to credit institutions ..................................................  
57,207 
314 
0.55 
Loans to the public .............................................................  
1 689,245 
32,645 
1.93 
Bonds and interest-bearing securities ................................  
84,792 
378 
0.45 
Total interest-bearing assets ...........................................  
2307,298 
32,866 
1.42 
Derivatives ..........................................................................  
56,693 
637 
— 
Other assets .......................................................................  
306,870 
190 
— 
Total assets .......................................................................  
2670,861 
33,693 
1.26 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value ......................  
— 
-98 
— 
Interest income, including negative yield on financial 
assets, according to income statement .........................  
— 
33,791 
— 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ....................................  
156,827 
204 
0.13 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ...........................  
1108,462 
847 
0.08 
of which deposit guarantee fees .......................................  
—  
566 
— 
Debt securities in issue  ....................................................  
851,691 
7,282 
0.86 
Senior non-preferred liabilities 
10,811 
102 
0.94 
Subordinated liabilities ......................................................  
26,800 
821 
3.06 
Interest-bearing liabilities ................................................  
2154,591 
9,256 
0.43 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives ..........................................................................  
48,237 
-3,450 
— 
Other liabilities ....................................................................  
321,987 
962 
— 
of which government stabilisation fund fee .........................  
—  
863 
— 
of which leasing liabilities 
3,698 
44 
1.19 
Total liabilities ...................................................................  
2 542,815 
6,768 
0.27 
Equity .................................................................................  
146,046 
— 
— 
Total liabilities and equity ................................................  
2 670,861 
6,768 
0.25 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value .......................  
— 
-170 
— 
Interest expense, according to income statement ........  
— 
6,938 
— 
Net interest income ..........................................................  
— 
26,853 
— 
Net interest margin before trading interest is 
deducted ............................................................................  
— 
— 
1.01

--- Page 190 ---
178 
 
 
As of December 31, 2019 
SEK million 
 
Average balance 
Interest 
income/expense 
Average annual 
interest rate, % 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks 
253,617 
439 
0.17 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing with 
central banks, etc 
144,829 
172 
0.12 
Loans to credit institutions ..................................................  
50,525 
539 
1.07 
Loans to the public .............................................................  
1,668,584 
32,947 
1.97 
Bonds and interest-bearing securities ................................  
66,347 
118 
0.18 
Total interest-bearing assets ...........................................  
2,183,902 
34,215 
1.57 
Derivatives ..........................................................................  
49,960 
1,473 
— 
Other assets .......................................................................  
271,084 
216 
— 
Total assets .......................................................................  
2,504,946 
35,904 
1.43 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value ......................  
— 
534 
— 
Interest income, including negative yield on financial 
assets, according to income statement .........................  
— 
35,370 
— 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ....................................  
103,576 
1,005 
0.97 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ...........................  
988,620 
1,663 
0.17 
of which deposit guarantee fees .......................................  
 
457 
— 
Debt securities in issue  ....................................................  
905,652 
11,464 
1.27 
Senior non-preferred liabilities 
1,450 
15 
1.03 
 
 
 
 
Subordinated liabilities ......................................................  
30,627 
993 
3.24 
Interest-bearing liabilities ................................................  
2,029,925 
15,140 
0.75 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives ..........................................................................  
35,514 
(6,945) 
— 
Other liabilities ....................................................................  
305,571 
1,246 
— 
of which government stabilisation fund fee .........................  
— 
1,117 
— 
of which leasing liabilities 
3,810 
42 
1.10 
Total liabilities ...................................................................  
2,371,010 
9,441 
0.40 
Equity .................................................................................  
133,936 
— 
— 
Total liabilities and equity ................................................  
2,504,946 
9,441 
0.38 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value .......................  
— 
60 
— 
Interest expense, according to income statement ........  
— 
9,381 
— 
Net interest income ..........................................................  
— 
25,989 
— 
Net interest margin before trading interest is 
deducted ............................................................................  
— 
— 
1.06 
 
 
As of December 31, 2018 
SEK million 
 
Average balance 
Interest 
income/expense 
Average annual 
interest rate, % 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks 
354,898 
607 
0.17 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing with 
central banks, etc 
124,558 
160 
0.13 
Loans to credit institutions ..................................................  
39,373 
147 
0.37 
Loans to the public .............................................................  
1,602,128 
31,069 
1.94 
Bonds and interest-bearing securities ................................  
70,937 
56 
0.08 
Total interest-bearing assets ...........................................  
2,191,894 
32,039 
1.46 
Derivatives ..........................................................................  
66,752 
2,157 
— 
Other assets .......................................................................  
248,122 
202 
— 
Total assets .......................................................................  
2,506,768 
34,398 
1.37 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value ......................  
— 
340 
— 
Interest income, including negative yield on financial 
assets, according to income statement .........................  
— 
34,058 
— 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ....................................  
112,165 
971 
0.87 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ...........................  
951,561 
1,234 
0.13 
of which deposit guarantee fees .......................................  
— 
414 
— 
Debt securities in issue  ....................................................  
941,181 
12,726 
1.35

--- Page 191 ---
179 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subordinated liabilities ......................................................  
30,114 
1,016 
3.37 
Interest-bearing liabilities ................................................  
2,035,021 
15,947 
0.78 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives ..........................................................................  
52,001 
(8,945) 
— 
Other liabilities ....................................................................  
288,301 
1,702 
—  
of which government stabilisation fund fee .........................  
— 
1,656 
—  
Total liabilities ...................................................................  
2,375,323 
8,704 
0.37 
Equity .................................................................................  
131,445 
—  
— 
Total liabilities and equity ................................................  
2,506,768 
8,704 
0.35 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value .......................  
—  
(126) 
— 
Interest expense, including negative yield on 
financial liabilities, according to income statement .....  
—  
8,830 
— 
Net interest income ..........................................................  
—  
25,228 
— 
Net interest margin before trading interest is 
deducted ............................................................................  
—  
— 
1.02 
 
10.1.2 
Changes in Interest Income; Volume and Rates Analysis  
The following tables set forth the effect of changes in the Group’s interest income resulting from 
fluctuations in the average volumes and average yield rate at each date presented. 
 
December 31, 2020 compared to December 31, 2019 
 
Increase/(decrease) due to changes 
SEK million 
Average volume 
Average interest 
Net change 
Cash and balances with central banks 
79,311 
(986) 
78,325 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing with 
central banks 
(1,703) 
(96) 
(1,799) 
Loans to credit institutions ..................................................  
6,682 
(225) 
6,457 
Loans to the public .............................................................  
20,661 
(302) 
20,359 
Bonds and interest-bearing securities ................................  
18,445 
260 
18,705 
Total interest-bearing assets ...........................................  
123,396 
(1,349) 
122,047 
Derivatives ..........................................................................  
6,733 
(836) 
5,897 
Other assets .......................................................................  
35,786 
(26) 
35,760 
of which interest income reported in net gains/losses 
on financial items at fair value ...........................................  
— 
632 
632 
Interest income according to income statement ...........  
165,915 
(1,579) 
164,336 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ....................................  
53,251 
(801) 
52,450 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ...........................  
119,842 
(816) 
119,026 
Debt securities in issue. ......................................................  
(53,961) 
(4,182) 
(58,143) 
Senior non-preferred liabilities 
9,361 
87 
9,448 
Subordinated liabilities ........................................................  
(3,827) 
(172) 
(3,999) 
Interest-bearing liabilities ................................................  
124,666 
(5,884) 
118,782 
Derivatives ..........................................................................  
12,723 
3,495 
16,218 
Other liabilities ....................................................................  
16,416 
(284) 
16,132 
of which interest income reported in net gains/losses 
on financial items at fair value ...........................................  
— 
230 
230 
Interest expense according to income statement .........  
153,805 
(2,443) 
151,362

--- Page 192 ---
180 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2019 compared to December 31, 2018 
 
Increase/(decrease) due to changes 
SEK million 
Average volume 
Average interest 
Net change 
Cash and balances with central banks 
(101,281) 
(168) 
(101,449) 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing with 
central banks 
20,271 
12 
20,283 
Loans to credit institutions ..................................................  
11,152 
392 
11,544 
Loans to the public .............................................................  
66,456 
1,878 
68,334 
Bonds and interest-bearing securities ................................  
(4,590) 
62 
(4,528) 
Total interest-bearing assets ...........................................  
(7 992) 
2,176 
(5,816) 
Derivatives ..........................................................................  
(16,792) 
(684) 
(17,476) 
Other assets .......................................................................  
22,962 
14 
22,976) 
of which interest income reported in net gains/losses 
on financial items at fair value ...........................................  
— 
 
(194) 
 
(194) 
Interest income according to income statement ...........  
(1,822) 
1,312 
(510) 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ....................................  
(8,589) 
34 
(8,555) 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ...........................  
37,059 
429 
37,488 
Debt securities in issue. ......................................................  
(35,529) 
(1,262) 
(36,791) 
Senior non-preferred liabilities 
1,450 
15 
1,465 
Subordinated liabilities ........................................................  
513 
(23) 
490 
Interest-bearing liabilities ................................................  
(5,096) 
(807) 
(5,903) 
Derivatives ..........................................................................  
(16,487) 
2,000 
(14,487) 
Other liabilities ....................................................................  
17,270 
(456) 
16,814 
of which interest income reported in net gains/losses 
on financial items at fair value ...........................................  
— 
(186) 
(186) 
Interest expense according to income statement .........  
(4,313) 
551 
(3,762) 
 
10.1.3 
Investment Portfolio 
The following tables set forth information regarding the Group’s investment portfolio of debt 
securities at the dates presented, together with information regarding when the instruments 
comprising the portfolio are due to mature: 
 
 
Carrying amount 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Treasury bills 
 
 
 
Governments ………………………………………………. 
134,145 
133,012 
94,772 
Municipalities ..................................................................  
3,046 
4,082 
4,806 
Other  ..............................................................................  
- 
- 
1 
Total ...............................................................................  
137,191  
137,094 
99,579 
 
 
 
 
Bonds 
 
 
 
Mortgage institutions ...................................................... 
25,192 
26,556 
26,545 
Banks .............................................................................. 
15,445 
11,459 
11,452 
Other financial companies .............................................. 
13,181 
8,894 
3,983 
Non-financial companies ................................................ 
6,157 
10,458 
11,332 
Total ............................................................................... 
59,975 
57,367 
53,312 
 
 
 
Book value 
 
As of December 31, 2020 
SEK million 
Within 1 year 
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
Over 10 years 
Treasury bills 
 
 
 
 
Governments ............................................ 
119,125 
10,580 
2,551 
2,271 
Municipalities ............................................ 
790 
1,450 
420 
— 
Total ........................................................... 
119,915 
12,030 
2,971 
2,271 
Bonds1

--- Page 193 ---
181 
 
 
Mortgage institutions ................................ 
— 
23,497 
1,777 
— 
Banks ........................................................ 
1,291 
10,543 
2,472 
42  
Other financial companies ........................ 
676 
6,616 
228 
— 
Non-financial companies .......................... 
3,221 
8,392 
1,034 
 186 
Total ......................................................... 
5,188 
49,048 
5,511 
228 
 ____________  
Note: 
1There are no issuers where the aggregated book value of the securities exceeds ten per cent of shareholders’ equity. 
10.2 
Types of Loans  
The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s loan portfolio at the dates presented: 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
Sector/industry 
 
 
 
 
 
Private customers ..............................
1,080,892 
1,053,328 
1,030,507 
981,424 
932,520 
Mortgage loans, private ...................
939,087 
905,092 
876,157 
829,385 
783,528 
Housing cooperatives ......................
92,977 
99,629 
106,922 
109,221 
107,792 
Other, private ...................................
48,828 
48,607 
47,428 
42,818 
41,200 
Corporate customers 
543,185 
558,822 
552,851 
524,112 
524,543 
Agriculture, forestry, fishing .............
64,745 
65,401 
67,285 
67,810 
66,112 
Manufacturing ..................................
39,084 
43,418 
43,669 
48,333 
45,312 
Public sector and utilities .................
25,864 
22,815 
19,672 
21,252 
25,314 
Construction .....................................
19,754 
19,529 
20,204 
20,136 
19,896 
Retail ................................................
29,505 
32,415 
31,347 
29,066 
28,475 
Transportation ..................................
12,982 
15,228 
16,391 
17,065 
15,278 
Shipping and offshore ......................
17,120 
21,302 
24,301 
24,612 
28,755 
Hotels and restaurants .....................
9,317 
9,626 
8,661 
7,472 
8,926 
Information and communication .......
13,623 
12,594 
13,678 
11,081 
8,100 
Finance and insurance .....................
20,849 
16,955 
14,792 
12,399 
12,521 
Property management .....................
247,629 
255,186 
244,446 
218,989 
223,640 
Professional services .......................
21,348 
24,841 
29,967 
26,748 
23,565 
Other corporate lending ...................
21,365 
19,512 
18,438 
19,209 
18,640 
Loans to the public excluding 
the Swedish National Debt 
Office and repurchase 
agreements ......................................
 
 
 
1,624,077 
1,612,150 
1,583,358 
1,505,536 
1,457,063 
Loans to credit institutions 
excluding the Swedish National 
Debt Office .......................................
 
 
46,400 
45,448 
36,179 
64,294 
86,136 
Loans to the public and credit 
institutions .......................................
 
1,670,477 
1,657,598 
1,619,537 
 
1,569,830 
1,543,199 
Total provisions ...............................
25,003 
6,684 
6,026 
3,886 
3,755 
Loans to the public and credit 
institutions, net ................................
 
1,695,480 
1,650,914 
 
1,613,511 
 
1,565,944 
1,539,444 
 
10.3 
Maturities of Loans  
The following table sets forth maturities of the Group’s loan portfolio as of December 31, 2020:  
 
SEK million 
Within 1 
year 
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 
years 
Over 10 
years 
Fair value 
adjustments 
Total on 
Balance 
Sheet 
Loans to credit institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedbank .................................................
35,690 
9,931 
293 
883 
— 
46,797 
of which repurchase agreements ..........
1,582 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,582 
Other .........................................................
1,154 
3 
— 
— 
— 
1,157 
Total ..........................................................
36,844 
9,934 
293 
883 
— 
47,954 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans to the public 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Swedbank .................................................
191,736 
200,654 
27,234 
7,601 
— 
427,225 
of which repurchase agreements ..........
39,947 
— 
— 
— 
— 
39,947 
Swedbank Mortgage  ...............................
6,673 
72,975 
81,221 
892,933 
— 
1,053,80
2

--- Page 194 ---
182 
 
 
Other .........................................................
55,812 
73,142 
26,404 
44,601 
— 
199,959 
Total ..........................................................
254,221 
346,771 
134,859 
945,136 
— 
1,680,98
7 
 
10.4 
Risk Elements  
10.4.1 Stage 3 Loans and Credit Impairment 
The implementation of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018 resulted in a change in the estimates and 
assumptions related to credit impairment provisions, as well as the Group’s presentation of stage 3 
loans going forward. Please see “Risk Management—Loan Portfolio and Asset Quality” for further 
information on the Group’s impaired loans as of December 31, 2020.  
The following table sets forth information regarding the amounts of stage 3 loans as of December 
31, 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Stage 3 loans .....................................  
10,530 
13,593 
11,239 
 
 
 
 
Impaired loans are those loans in respect of which the Group has made an assessment that a 
customer will not be able to meet its financial obligations to the Group. 
 
The following table sets forth gross interest income as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, that 
would have been recorded if the loan had been current: 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Gross interest income, Stage 3 loans  
389 
440 
393 
 
 
 
 
 
The following table sets forth interest income on those loans that were included in the profit for the 
year ended on December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Interest income on Stage 3 loans ......  
224 
291 
279 
 
 
 
 
 
For more information on the impact of IFRS 9, please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—IFRS 9”. 
10.4.2 
Analysis of Credit Impairments for Loans 
The following table sets forth information regarding the Group’s allowance for credit impairments as 
of the dates presented:  
The implementation of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018 resulted in a change in the estimates and 
assumptions related to credit impairment provisions, as well as the Group’s presentation of credit 
impairments going forward. Please see “Risk Management—Loan Portfolio and Asset Quality”  for 
further information on the Group’s impaired loans as of December 31, 2020. 
The following table sets forth information regarding the Group’s allowance for credit impairments as 
of 2020, 2019 and 2018

--- Page 195 ---
183 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 
Credit Impairment 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Loans at amortised Cost 
 
 
 
 
Impairment provisions – Stage 1 ................ 
403 
-12 
80 
Impairment provisions – Stage 2 ................ 
1,094 
-418 
-502 
Impairment provisions – Stage 3 ................ 
561 
844 
671 
Impairment provisions – Credit impaired, 
purchased or originated1 ............................. 
-4 
-4 
6 
Total ........................................................... 
2,054 
410 
255 
Write-offs..................................................... 
2,166 
1,098 
867 
Recoveries .................................................. 
-174 
-202 
-364 
Total ............................................................ 
1,992 
896 
503 
Total – Amortised Cost ............................. 
4,046 
1,306 
758 
 
 
 
 
Commitments and financial guarantees 
 
 
 
Impairment provisions – Stage 1 ................ 
149 
16 
-27 
Impairment provisions – Stage 2 ................ 
269 
-71 
-70 
Impairment provisions – Stage 3 ................ 
-132 
217 
-181 
Total ........................................................... 
282 
162 
-278 
Write-offs..................................................... 
— 
1 
41 
Total ............................................................ 
— 
1 
41 
Total – Commitments and financial guarantees
 .................................................................... 
282 
163 
-237 
 
 
 
 
Total Credit Impairment 
4,334 
1,469 
521 
 ____________  
Note: 
1Of which SEK -1m (-3) is a change in the gross carrying amount of purchased or originated credit-impaired assets due to 
remeasurement of expected credit losses recognised as part of the gross carrying amount on initial recognition.

--- Page 196 ---
184 
 
 
 
10.4.3 
Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Impairments 
The following tables set forth an analysis of the Group’s allocation of its allowance for credit 
impairments as of the dates presented. 
The implementation of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018 resulted in a change in the estimates and 
assumptions related to credit impairment provisions, as well as the Group’s presentation of stage 3 
loans going forward. As permitted by IFRS 9, the Group did not restate its figures for 2017 or any 
prior year for the impact of IFRS 9. In the following tables, amounts presented for years 2020, 2019 
and 2018 are valued in accordance with IFRS 9, whereas the amounts presented for years 2017 and  
2016 are valued in accordance with IAS 39 and, as a result, are not directly comparable to the 
figures presented for years 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
Provisions for loans to the public and credit institutions 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
 
(IFRS 9) 
 
(IAS 39) 
Sector/industry 
 
 
 
 
 
Private customers ...............................
914 
806 
896 
775 
850 
Mortgage loans, private ....................
512 
486 
579 
461 
556 
Housing cooperatives .......................
11 
22 
27 
47 
30 
Other, private ....................................
391 
298 
290 
267 
264 
Corporate customers ..........................
7,227 
5,873 
5,127 
3,111 
2,905 
Agriculture, forestry, fishing ..............
101 
141 
157 
105 
120 
Manufacturing ...................................
371 
962 
406 
262 
372 
Public sector and utilities ..................
41 
42 
39 
21 
50 
Construction ......................................
194 
254 
103 
103 
119 
Retail .................................................
527 
489 
657 
197 
273 
Transportation ...................................
40 
31 
35 
25 
22 
Shipping and offshore .......................
4,509 
2,827 
2,506 
1,358 
1,188 
Hotels and restaurants ......................
389 
54 
32 
31 
33 
Information and communications ......
48 
81 
235 
117 
36 
Finance and insurance ......................
51 
20 
19 
20 
24 
Property management ......................
710 
627 
618 
261 
236 
Professional services ........................
155 
247 
206 
499 
344 
Other corporate lending ....................
91 
98 
114 
112 
88 
Loans to the public excluding 
the Swedish National Debt Office 
and repurchase agreements ............
 
 
8,141 
6,679 
6,023 
3,886 
3,755 
Loans to credit institutions 
excluding the Swedish National 
Debt Office ........................................
 
 
28 
5 
3 
0 
0 
Loans to the public and credit 
institutions ........................................
 
8,169 
6,684 
6,026 
3,886 
3,755 
 
Per cent of loans in each category to total gross loans 
 
As of December 31, 
% 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
 
(IFRS 9) 
 
(IAS 39) 
Sector/industry 
 
 
Private customers ...............................
63.8 
63.5 
63.2 
62.5 
60.4 
Mortgage loans, private ....................
55.4 
54.6 
53.8 
52.8 
50.8 
Housing cooperatives .......................
5.5 
6.0 
6.6 
7.0 
7.0 
Other, private ....................................
2.9 
2.9 
2.9 
2.7 
2.7 
Corporate customers ..........................
32.0 
33.7 
33.9 
33.4 
34.0 
Agriculture, forestry, fishing ..............
3.8 
3.9 
4.1 
4.3 
4.3 
Manufacturing ...................................
2.3 
2.6 
2.7 
3.1 
2.9 
Public sector and utilities ..................
1.5 
1.4 
1.2 
1.4 
1.6 
Construction ......................................
1.2 
1.2 
1.2 
1.3 
1.3 
Retail .................................................
1.7 
2.0 
1.9 
1.9 
1.8 
Transportation ...................................
0.8 
0.9 
1.0 
1.1 
1.0 
Shipping and offshore .......................
1.0 
1.3 
1.5 
1.6 
1.9 
Hotels and restaurants ......................
0.5 
0.6 
0.5 
0.5 
0.6

--- Page 197 ---
185 
 
 
Per cent of loans in each category to total gross loans 
 
As of December 31, 
% 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
Information and communications ......
0.8 
0.8 
0.8 
0.7 
0.5 
Finance and insurance ......................
1.2 
1.0 
0.9 
0.8 
0.8 
Property management ......................
14.6 
15.4 
15.0 
13.9 
14.5 
Professional services ........................
1.3 
1.5 
1.8 
1.7 
1.5 
Other corporate lending ....................
1.3 
1.2 
1.1 
1.2 
1.2 
Loans to the public excluding the 
Swedish National Debt Office 
and repurchase agreements ............
 
95.8 
97.3 
97.2 
95.9 
94.4 
Loans to credit institutions 
excluding the Swedish National 
Debt Office and repurchase 
agreements .......................................
 
 
2.7 
2.7 
2.2 
4.1 
5.6 
Loans to the public and credit 
institutions ........................................
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0

--- Page 198 ---
186 
 
 
10.4.4 
Short-Term Borrowings 
The following table sets forth information regarding the Group’s short-term borrowings for the 
periods presented: 
 
As of December 31, 2020 
SEK million 
Period end 
balances 
Average 
balance 
Maximum 
month end 
balance 
Average 
interest rate 
during the 
period (%) 
Average 
interest rate 
at period end 
(%) 
Amounts owed to credit institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedish banks ..............................................................
82,124 
74,373 
110,361 
— 
— 
Other Swedish credit institutions ..................................
8,354 
9,110 
15,618 
— 
— 
Foreign banks ...............................................................
59,578 
71,196 
92,594 
— 
— 
Other foreign credit institutions .....................................
257 
2,148 
8,175 
— 
— 
Total .............................................................................
150,313 
156,827 
226,749 
0.13 
0.14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue .................................................
732,814 
851,691 
962,906 
— 
— 
Total .............................................................................
732,814 
851,691 
962,906 
— 
0.99 
 
 
As of December 31, 2019 
SEK million 
Period end 
balances 
Average 
balance 
Maximum 
month end 
balance 
Average 
interest rate 
during the 
period (%) 
Average 
interest rate 
at period end 
(%) 
Amounts owed to credit institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedish banks ..............................................................
21,573
29,214 
46,355
— 
— 
Other Swedish credit institutions ..................................
4,895
7,328 
12,368
— 
— 
Foreign banks ...............................................................
42,614
66,217 
93,746
— 
— 
Other foreign credit institutions .....................................
604
817 
1,634
— 
— 
Total .............................................................................
69,686
103,576 
154,103
0.97 
1.44 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue .................................................
855,754
905,652 
948,269
— 
— 
Total .............................................................................
855,754
905,652 
948,269
— 
1.34 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2018 
SEK million 
Period end 
balances 
Average 
balance 
Maximum 
month end 
balance 
Average 
interest rate 
during the 
period (%) 
Average 
interest rate 
at period end 
(%) 
Amounts owed to credit institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedish banks ..............................................................
20,951
22,857 
26,623
— 
— 
Other Swedish credit institutions ..................................
4,256
3,900 
5,499
— 
— 
Foreign banks ...............................................................
31,344
84,613 
133,490
— 
— 
Other foreign credit institutions .....................................
667
795 
921
— 
— 
Total .............................................................................
57,218
112,165 
166,533
0.87 
1.70 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue .................................................
804,360
941,181 
1,046,880
— 
— 
Total .............................................................................
804,360
941,181 
1,046,880
— 
1.58

--- Page 199 ---
187 
 
 
10.5 
Deposits  
Transaction accounts include all deposits against which the account holder is permitted to make 
withdrawals by negotiable or transferable instruments, payment orders of withdrawal, or telephone or 
pre-authorised transfers for the purpose of making payments to third persons or others. 
Savings accounts are accounts with the primary purpose of accumulating funds over a period of 
time. With savings accounts customers may make withdrawals, but do not have the flexibility of 
using checks to do so. Some savings accounts require funds to be kept on deposit for a minimum 
length of time, but most permit unlimited access to funds. 
Other deposits consist mainly of bank drafts and currency accounts. 
The following tables set forth information regarding the Group’s deposit base at the dates presented: 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
Interest paid to the customer  ..................  
847 
1,663 
1,234 
Volumes, average ....................................  
1,108,462 
988,620 
951,561 
Interest rate (%) .......................................  
0.08 
0.17 
0.13 
 
 
As of December 31, 2020 
SEK million 
Within  
3 months 
3 months-1 
year 
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 
years 
Over 10 
years 
Without 
maturity 
date / 
change in 
value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturity of deposits ........ 
32,359 
22,501 
1,392 
56 
5 
1,091,927 
 
10.6 
Return on Equity and Assets 
The following table sets forth the Group’s return on total assets, return on equity, dividend pay-out 
ratio and equity to assets ratio as of the dates presented: 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Return on total assets ................................. 
0.48% 
0.79% 
0.84% 
Return on equity ......................................... 
8.9% 
14.7% 
16.1% 
Dividend pay-out ratio ................................. 
25% 
25% 
75% 
Equity to assets ratio .................................. 
6.0% 
5.8% 
6.1%

--- Page 200 ---
188 
 
 
11. 
Risk Management  
Swedbank defines risk as a potentially negative impact on the value of the Group that may arise 
from current internal processes or from internal or external future events. The concept of risk 
combines the probability of an event occurring with the impact such event would have on profit and 
loss, equity and value of the Group. 
Risk arises in all financial operations, hence a deep understanding and solid management of risk is 
central for any successful business.  
The Board of Directors has adopted an Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) policy depicting the 
risk framework, risk management process and the roles and responsibilities for risk management. 
Swedbank continuously identifies the risks generated in its operations and has designed processes 
to manage them.  
11.1 
The Group’s Risk Management Builds on Three Lines of Defence 
Successful risk management requires a strong risk culture and a common approach. Swedbank has 
built its approach to risk management on the concept of three lines of defence, with a clear division 
of responsibilities between the risk owners in the first line of defence responsible for managing risks 
and the various control functions, i.e. Group Risk, Group Compliance and Group Internal Audit. 
 
11.2 
Three levels of risk management  
11.2.1 
First Line of Defence – Risk Management by Business Operations 
The first line of defence refers to all risk management activities carried out by the business areas, 
product areas and group functions. First line management take or are subject to risks and are 
responsible for continuous and active risk management. Management owns the risk within their 
respective area of responsibility and are responsible for ensuring there are appropriate processes 
and internal control structures in place that aim to ensure that risks are identified, assessed, 
managed, monitored, reported and kept within the boundaries of the Group’s appetite in accordance 
with the risk management framework. First line responsibilities also include establishing relevant 
governance structure and to secure that activities comply with external and internal requirements. An 
important part of the Risk Management Framework is to clarify the ultimate risk management 
responsibility of the first line of defence.

--- Page 201 ---
189 
 
 
11.2.2 
Second Line of Defence – Risk and Control Functions  
The second line of defence refers to the independent control functions, the risk organisation (Group 
Risk) and the compliance organisation (Group Compliance). These functions define the risk 
management framework, covering all material risks that the Group faces. The framework governs 
how to identify, assess, measure, manage, monitor and report on risks. The second line also 
monitors and assesses whether effective risk management processes and controls are implemented 
by relevant risk owners. The second line challenges and validates the first line’s risk management 
activities, controls and analyses the Group’s material risks and provides independent risk reporting 
to the CEO and the Board. 
The second line of defence is organisationally independent from first line and may not carry out 
operational activities in the business or the unit they monitor and control. 
11.2.3 
Third Line of Defence – Internal Audit  
The third line of defence refers to Group Internal Audit, which is governed by and reports to the 
Board. Group Internal Audit is responsible for evaluating governance, risk management and control 
processes within the First and Second lines of defence. Internal Audit is organisationally 
independent from the First line and Second line of defence and may not carry out operational 
activities in the other functions. 
11.3 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is defined as the risk that a borrower fails to meet its contractual obligations to the Group 
and the risk that pledged collateral will not cover the claim. 
Concentration risk, counterparty credit risk and foreign exchange settlement risk are also part of 
Swedbank’s credit risks.  
A central principle in Swedbank’s lending operations is that each business unit bears full 
responsibility for its transactions and its associated credit risks. Each business unit aims to develop 
and maintain a balanced credit risk, which is achieved by lending to customers with a high debt-
service coverage ratio, maintaining a strong collateral position and having diversification within and 
between sectors and regions. 
11.3.1 
Loan Portfolio and Asset Quality  
Swedbank’s loan portfolio is concentrated in segments where forthcoming risks are predicted to stay 
low. The Group’s credit policy is conservative and goes beyond present regulatory requirements of 
the SFSA. 
Credit quality has remained high due to low risk appetite and prudent lending standards. The 
negative impact of COVID-19 on lending volumes was limited to a few segments in which 
Swedbank’s lending volumes were low to begin with.  
Private mortgage loans in Sweden continued to grow in 2020, although at a slower pace than in 
recent years, explained by increased competition and Swedbank’s strict lending criteria. Corporate 
lending decreased in most sectors although lending volumes were volatile during 2020 due to 
liquidity loans and drawdowns on revolving credit facilities due to the uncertainties seen on the bond 
markets. Property management lending decreased in most countries, resulting in a decrease by 3 
per cent in the Group.

--- Page 202 ---
190 
 
 
For new mortgages granted in Sweden during 2020, 98 per cent of the mortgages with an LTV ratio 
of over 70 per cent of their property’s value were amortising. For the total portfolio, 84 per cent of 
households with an LTV ratio exceeding 70 per cent were amortising their loans. The lower 
amortisation in 2020 is due to temporary amortisation deferrals related to actions aimed at mitigating 
COVID-19’s negative impact on households, and the subsequent economic downturn. Those 
temporary amortisation deferrals are expected to end by August 2021 according to SFSA guidelines 
on mortgage amortisation. 
At the Group level, stage 3 (impaired) loans gross decreased by SEK 3,063 million in 2020 to SEK 
10,530 million as of year-end. The decrease in Stage 3 loans was driven by write-offs due to oil-
related exposures and the decrease in USD against SEK. 
Credit impairments in 2020 were SEK 4,334 million compared to SEK 1,469 million in 2019. The 
increase in credit impairments was mainly due to updated individual provisions in some stage 3 
loans in oil-related industries. In addition, post model expert adjustments have been required 
because the deterioration of macroeconomic indicators which contribute to credit risk (which 
historically have been observed in similar economic shocks) have not yet resulted in similar 
increases in credit losses or default rates. Government support measures have significantly 
suppressed the impact of COVID-19 in the short-term; however, there is a risk that credit quality may 
deteriorate once these measures are phased out. Quantitative risk models do not capture these 
complexities, therefore requiring post-model adjustments to credit impairment provisions. 
The following table sets forth the Group’s carrying amount of loans to the public and credit 
institutions as of December 31, 2020:  
Non credit-impaired 
Credit impaired 
Stage 1 
12-month ECL 
Stage 2 
Lifetime ECL 
Stage 3 
Lifetime ECL 
SEK million 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Total 
Geographical distribution 
7
Sweden .................................
1,296,14
8
479
1,295,66
9
77,195
1,303
75,892
2,473
742
1,731
1,373,29
2
Estonia ..................................
76,517
33
76,484
8,812
155
8,657
402
93
309
85,450
Latvia ....................................
28,960
28
28,932
6,647
86
6,561
504
86
418
35,911
Lithuania ...............................
51,678
22
51,656
8,485
94
8,391
674
139
535
60,582
Norway ..................................
31,678
169
31,509
5,895
583
5,312
6,011
3,758
2,253
39,074
Denmark ...............................
1,622
—
1,622
—
—
—
92
75
17
1,639
Finland ..................................
15,193
54
15,139
1,226
95
1,131
282
80
202
16,472
USA ......................................
1,685
1,685
—
—
—
92
25
67
1,752
Other .....................................
1,806
42
1,764
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,764
Loans to the public 
excluding the Swedish 
National Debt Office and 
repurchase agreements ......
1,505,28
7
827
1,504,46
0
108,260
2,316
105,944
10,530
4,998
5,532
1,615,93
6
Sector/Industry 
Private customers 
1,036,48
9
118
1,036,37
1
42,251
291
41,960
2,152
505
1,647
1,079,97
8
Mortgage loans, private .........
902,233
51
902,182
35,323
171
35,152
1,531
290
1,241
938,575
Tenant owner association .....
91,286
4
91,282
1,582
5
1,577
109
2
107
92,966
Other, private 
42,970
63
42,907
5,346
115 
5,231
512
213
299
48,437
Corporate customers 
468,798
709
468,089
66,009
2,025
63,984
8,378
4,493
3,885
535,958

--- Page 203 ---
191 
 
 
Non credit-impaired 
Credit impaired 
Stage 1 
12-month ECL 
Stage 2 
Lifetime ECL 
Stage 3 
Lifetime ECL 
SEK million 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Total 
Agricultural, forestry, fishing ..
57,258
11
57,247
7,283
57 
7,226
204
33
171
64,644
Manufacturing .......................
32,876
133
32,743
5,910
141
5,769
298
97
201
38,713
Public sector and utilities .......
24,821
13
24,808
990
16
974
53
12
41
25,823
Construction ..........................
14,952
32
14,920
4,643
122
4,521
159
40
119
19,560
Retail .....................................
23,019
67
22,952
5,955
244
5,711
531
216
315
28,978
Transportation .......................
11,480
8
11,472
1,483
28
1,455
19
4
15
12,942
Shipping and offshore ...........
6,634
32
6,602
4,251
560
3,691
6,235
3,917
2,318
12,611
Hotels and restaurants ..........
4,339
49
4,290
4,655
313
4,342
323
27
296
8,928
Information and 
communications ....................
11,041
10
11,031
2,569
35
2,534
13
3
10
13,575
Finance and insurance ..........
20,083
29
20,054
744
12
732
22
10
12
20,798
Property Management ...........
224,852
272
224,580
22,533
376
22,157
244
62
182
246,919
Residential properties ............
65,530
74 
65,456
8,517
99
8,418 
22
11
11
73,885
Commercial ...........................
92,881
125
92,756
7,123
118
7,005 
162
40
122
99,883
Industrial and warehouse ......
42,009
47
41,962
2,721
18
2,703
33
7
26
44,691
Other property management .
24,432
26
24,406
4,172
141
4,031
27
4
23
28,460
Professional services ............
17,896
35
17,861
3,283
76
3,207
169
44
125
21,193
Other corporate lending .........
19,547
18
19,529
1,710
45
1,665
108
28
80
21,274
Loans to the public 
excluding the Swedish 
National Debt Office and 
repurchase agreements .......
1,505,28
7
827
1,504,46
0
108,260
2,316
105,944
10,530
4,998
5,532
1,615,93
6
Loans to the public, 
Swedish National Debt 
Office .....................................
25,003
—
25,003
—
—
—
—
—
—
25,003
 
11.3.2 
The Group’s Internal Risk Classification System 
Swedbank’s internal risk classification system is a central component in the credit process. It 
comprises several different systems, working methods and decision-making processes for lending 
operations, credit monitoring and quantification of credit risk. The system aims to measure the risk 
that a customer or a contract will default and, in that case, what the losses would be for Swedbank. 
The internal risk classification system is a proprietary system that is approved by the SFSA. The 
system, and the results it produces, are based on Swedbank’s experience and expertise in 
assessing and managing credit risks. Swedbank’s internal risk classification system serves as a 
basis for: 
 
risk assessment and credit decisions (automated and in committees); 
 
calculating risk-adjusted profitability (including risk adjusted return on capital); 
 
credit impairment provisions; 
 
monitoring and managing credit risk (including migrations); 
 
reporting credit risks to Swedbank’s Board of Directors, CEO and senior management;

--- Page 204 ---
192 
 
 
 
developing credit strategies and associated risk management activities; and 
 
calculating capital requirements and capital allocation. 
Swedbank has developed a number of different models for rating counterparties, customers, and/or 
contracts in which each counterparty or contract is assigned a risk grade. For each risk grade, a risk 
value has been quantified and established. The PD indicates the risk that a counterparty or contract 
will default within a 12-month period. Of the total exposures assessed with the internal ratings based 
(“IRB”) approach, 85 per cent are in risk grades 13–21, i.e. “investment grade”, where the probability 
of default is considered low. More than 54 per cent of the exposures are assigned a risk grade of 18 
or higher, corresponding to an A rating from the major rating agencies.  
The table below describes the Group’s risk classification and how it relates to the PD within 12 
months as well as an indicated rating from Standard & Poor’s. 
Risk grade according to IRB methodology: 
 
Risk grade 
PD (%) 
Standard & Poor’s 
Default 
100 
D 
0-5 
>5.7 
C to B 
6-8 
2.0-5.7 
B+ to BB- 
9-12 
0.5-2.0 
BB- to BB+ 
13-21 
<0.5 
BBB- to AAA 
The following table sets forth the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure distributed by risk grade 
and business segment, as of December 31, 2020:  
SEK million 
Swedish 
Banking 
Baltic Banking 
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions 
Group 
Functions & 
Other 
Total 
Exposure at Default 
 
 
 
 
 
Default 
2,088 
1,445 
7,040 
— 
10,573 
High risk 
10,373 
10,410 
2,852 
8 
23,643 
Increased risk 
33,364 
20,439 
5,323 
27 
59,153 
Normal risk 
128,801 
59,329 
53,294 
69 
241,493 
Low risk 
1,106,095 
93,612 
279,916 
466,292 
1,945,915 
Non-rated exposures 
1,090 
5,957 
515 
8,991 
16,553 
Standardised approach 
26,093 
10,693 
56,684 
13,762 
107,232 
- of which companies not included in Swedbank Group  
 
 
16,667 
Total 
1,307,904 
201,885 
405,624 
489,149 
2,404,562 
 ________________________  
Note: 
1 Standardised approach in Basel framework for calculating risk-weighted assets used.

--- Page 205 ---
193 
 
 
11.3.3 
Credit risk governance 
In the ERM Policy, the Board of Directors has established a risk management and control process. 
For more information relating to the Group’s risk management and control process, see “Risk 
Management—The Group’s Risk Management Builds on Three Lines of Defence” and “Risk 
Management—Three levels of risk management”. 
In order to ensure business operations conform with the risk appetite determined by the Board of 
Directors and that Swedbank maintains a well-diversified credit portfolio with a low-risk profile, the 
CEO, Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”) and the Chief Credit Officer issue steering documents and limits for 
the credit portfolio. Risk limits are set for different sectors, geographies and products, but also for 
borrowers and groups of connected borrowers. As a part of the business strategy, each business 
area develops its credit strategy in line with decided risk appetite, low-risk profile and the various 
limits and framework set by the CEO, CRO and Chief Credit Officer. 
The business units are responsible for the operational credit management of their customers and 
own all credit risks that arise within their area of operation. The head of each unit is fully responsible 
for the credit operations, including application of the credit process as well as the credit risks 
stemming from all borrowers within the unit. The head of the unit shall ensure that all credits are 
assessed, decided, administered and followed-up according to the credit framework, including 
establishing an integrated internal control of high quality in the credit process. The head of each 
business unit shall also ensure that the credit transactions are in line with Swedbank’s strategies, 
policies and instructions. The business unit is furthermore accountable for the profitability connected 
to the credit decision.  
Group Credit is responsible for the credit risk governance and guidance. Group Credit sets the 
framework for credit governance principles as well as for the qualitative standards in the credit 
process. It contributes with credit risk management competence through the credit process by 
guidance and support. As part of credit risk governance, decision-makers representing Group Credit 
take part in senior credit decision-making bodies in order to ensure that risk considerations are taken 
into account appropriately, but also to contribute with credit business knowledge and experience. 
The responsibility for the credit decisions remains, however, with the business unit. 
Group Risk is responsible for independent monitoring and control of credit risk management. Group 
Risk also has the primary responsibility to maintain, develop and monitor the risk limits and the risk 
classification systems. The risk limit framework identifies areas where restrictions need to be set, in 
order to make sure that the credit portfolio will stay within the decided risk appetite.  
Group Risk also performs independent controls of the operations carried out by the business units 
including verification that internal rules and processes are complied with in the credit process. 
Internal Audit performs independent periodic reviews of the credit governance and the system of 
internal control. 
11.3.4 
Credit risk assessment 
When Swedbank considers a credit application, it performs a thorough analysis, which includes the 
counterparty’s capacity and willingness to repay the new loans as well as other loans. Swedbank 
always considers the borrower’s cash flow, solvency and collateral when lending and Swedbank 
always strives to obtain adequate collateral. Swedbank continuously monitors borrowers and carries 
out additional periodic credit reviews of corporate customers, financial institutions and sovereigns at 
least once per year.

--- Page 206 ---
194 
 
 
Swedbank’s credit exposures are risk-classified in accordance with an internal credit risk framework. 
All counterparties are risk-classified before a credit limit is established, and thereafter, at least once 
every 12 months. A new risk classification is made if Swedbank receives information indicating that 
the risk has changed in such a way that the risk grade established is no longer considered relevant. 
Duality and segregation of duties in Swedbank’s risk classification process is applied to ensure that 
decisions are well-founded. Any risk grade proposed for sovereigns, financial institutions and 
corporate customers (including segments SME and Large Corporates & Institutions) is approved 
individually by a credit decision-making body in accordance with established decision mandates. 
Risk classification concerning credits to the retail segment is performed by automated sub-systems. 
A sustainability risk analysis is carried out for all large and medium-sized corporate customers and 
covers (i) social responsibility, (ii) ethics and (iii) environment. The sustainability analysis is an 
integral part of Swedbank’s credit analysis. The aim is to assess whether the customer’s 
sustainability approach is in line with Swedbank’s values and how the risks related to these areas 
could affect Swedbank’s and its customers’ profitability, repayment ability, collateral security value 
and reputation. 
11.3.5 
Credit risk monitoring 
The risk profile of Swedbank’s credit portfolio is continuously analysed. For portfolio segments and 
individual customers where the risk of default appears higher, reviews are performed more 
frequently.  
Each business unit is responsible for monitoring signals and conditions that might suggest that the 
level of credit risk in individual exposures has increased (e.g., by using information from integrated 
early warning systems). If a customer’s’ risk profile has deteriorated, a number of corrective 
measures are considered and implemented. Borrowers with materially increased risk are put on a 
watch list.  
Financial Restructuring and Recovery (“FR&R”) is a special unit within Group Credit that supports 
the business units when the risk associated with a certain exposure has increased. FR&R provides 
expertise in managing insolvency and restructuring cases. Group Credit has built up knowledge and 
expertise from previous crises.  
Annually, and sometimes more frequently, Swedbank conducts a thorough and comprehensive 
stress test of the entire Group, which includes the total credit portfolio, is conducted at least 
annually. 
Specific stress tests, portfolio analyses or ad-hoc reviews are also conducted to further evaluate 
Swedbank’s loan portfolio and credit risk. These tests provide additional understanding and 
information on specific segments or types of exposure that may be perceived as having a material 
risk or potential impact on Swedbank. By identifying increased risk levels at an early stage, 
Swedbank can take swift and appropriate actions in response to problematic exposures. Credit 
portfolio trends and results from stress tests add an important part of the monthly risk reports that 
are delivered to Swedbank’s senior management and Board of Directors.  
11.3.6 
Credit risk mitigation 
As a risk mitigating arrangement, Swedbank strives to obtain adequate collateral when granting 
loans. Collateral is considered from a risk perspective even if the collateral cannot be recognised for 
capital adequacy purposes. The collateral, its value and risk mitigating effects are considered 
throughout the credit process.

--- Page 207 ---
195 
 
 
The term collateral covers pledges and guarantees. The most common types of pledges are real 
estate, apartments, floating charges and financial instruments. Netting agreements or covenants are 
not considered collateral. 
In special circumstances, Swedbank may buy credit derivatives or financial guarantees in order to 
hedge credit risk, but this is not part of Swedbank’s normal lending operations. 
Credit without collateral is mainly granted in the case of small loans to private customers or loans to 
large companies with very sound repayment capacity. For the latter, special loan covenants are 
commonly drawn up, which entitle Swedbank to renegotiate or terminate the credit agreement if the 
borrower’s repayment capacity deteriorates or if the conditions are otherwise breached.  
The valuation of collateral is based on a thorough review and analysis of the pledged assets, and is 
an integrated part in the credit risk assessment of the borrower. The establishment of the collateral 
value is part of the credit decision. The value of the collateral is reassessed during periodic credit 
reviews of the borrower and in situations where Swedbank has reasons to believe that the value has 
deteriorated, or the exposure has become a problem loan.  
The value of the collateral is established to correspond to the most likely sales price at the date of 
valuation estimated in a process of high quality and characterised by prudence. For financial 
collateral, such as debt securities, equities and collective investment undertakings (“CIUs”), 
valuation is normally monitored on a daily basis. 
11.4 
Counterparty Credit Risk (CCR) 
Counterparty credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty to a derivative contract will not meet its 
financial obligations towards Swedbank and that collateral held will not be enough to cover their 
claims. Counterparty credit risk also encompasses repurchase agreements and securities financing 
contracts. The majority of Swedbank’s counterparty credit risk emanates primarily from two units: 
LC&I and Group Treasury.  
11.5 
Management and Measuring Counterparty Credit Risk 
Swedbank’s counterparty credit exposure arises mainly from customer-related trading activities and 
as a result of hedging its own positions in market risk in foreign exchange, interest rate and other 
derivatives. The market value of derivatives and securities financing transactions fluctuates over 
time to maturity and requires that potential future market conditions are estimated and taken into 
account when measuring the relevant exposure. The exposure value is equal to the net present 
value of the contract plus a calculated add-on to reflect future potential positive market value 
changes. Positive derivative values generate counterparty credit risk and consequently the claim 
towards the counterparty increases when/if the positive derivative market value increases. 
The Group uses mathematical models for estimating the calculated add-ons; based on a model of 
the underlying risk factors, a conservative estimate of the derivative’s possible fluctuation in value 
and future exposure is calculated. Risk measurement and evaluation is an ongoing process and the 
Group makes regular assessments, for example through specifying detailed internal add-ons for a 
number of different risk types and their maturities. The internal risk add-on factors are reviewed at 
least annually and more often if deemed necessary and are based on simulations of various asset 
price volatilities and time to maturity. These assessments facilitate the monitoring of risks and help to 
ensure that limits are relevant to individual counterparties. The follow-up and measurement of 
counterparty credit risk exposure against approved limits is performed in a system specific to the 
task, and factors such as legal agreements as well as collateral held are also taken into 
consideration.

--- Page 208 ---
196 
 
 
In addition to standard measurements of counterparty credit exposure, the Group conducts stress 
tests to estimate the effects of tail events not captured by the regular internal add-on methodology. 
The portfolio of stress tests being carries out includes a monthly stress test as well as various ad-
hoc stress tests pertaining to political, market or other macro events.  
Wrong-Way-Risk (“WWR”) is defined by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
(“ISDA”) as the risk that occurs when "exposure to a counterparty is adversely correlated with the 
credit quality of that counterparty". WWR is divided into specific and general WWR. Existence of 
specific WWR is detected by monitoring CCR generating trades to capture any trade where there is 
a legal connection between the counterparty and the underlying issuer. General WWR is typically 
measured via a range of stress test scenarios. Swedbank examines sectors and/or counterparties 
individually to detect relationships and significant correlation between exposures and counterparties’ 
probabilities of default. 
11.6 
Mitigating Counterparty Credit Risks 
The Group uses a variety of methods to mitigate counterparty credit risk of which the most important 
is close-out netting agreements and collateral management, as outlined below. The Group restricts 
the size of its counterparty credit risk exposure by setting and approving the counterparty’s risk 
exposure limits, considering a number of factors including, but not limited to, guidance from the core 
credit policies, procedures and standards, and judgement and experience of credit risk 
professionals, the credit quality and rationale of the trading activity. Limits for counterparty credit 
exposures are assessed, set and allocated in Swedbank’s regular credit process, which is designed 
to support Swedbank’s strategy of maintaining a well-diversified risk profile with a balance between 
risk and return. 
The Group continuously mitigates counterparty credit risk by means of, inter alia, netting, portfolio 
compression activities, use of collateral, and steering exposure and risk to clearing houses.  
11.6.1 
Netting and Collateral Management 
The Group actively mitigates its counterparty credit risk by establishing close-out netting agreements 
whereby derivatives same at a counterparty level can be offset. A netting agreement contemplates 
that when a counterparty defaults, only the net exposure of all derivative contracts entered with that 
counterparty will be affected. 
The Group strives to have the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”) Master 
Agreements with Credit Support Annexes (“CSA”) agreements in place with all financial 
counterparties and larger corporate counterparties concerned to ensure a well-functioning netting 
and collateral management process. For counterparties with whom such agreements have been 
entered, exposures can be off-set and reduced by making collateral calls on a daily basis. 
To reduce the potential market risk embedded in the collateral management, the Group applies 
rating-based and tenor-based haircuts and mainly accepts cash as collateral (the vast majority of the 
current received, and pledged collateral is cash). The credit committee will pre-determine and 
specify, in accordance with the Group directive on eligible collateral related to OTC derivatives, the 
acceptable form of collateral for each individual counterparty as part of the credit review process. 
Financial collateral is subject to a daily monitoring and an  independent valuation. 
The threshold amounts are generally set to zero in order to limit the uncollateralised exposure. 
Under the EMIR framework for corporate clients, the amount is still negotiable, but no threshold 
amount is allowed with regards to Financial Institutions.

--- Page 209 ---
197 
 
 
Other actions to mitigate counterparty credit risk include steering exposure and risk to clearing 
houses, which is standard procedure and mandatory for a range of products, to reduce bilateral 
counterparty credit risk. Risk can also be closed out through various portfolio compression activities. 
11.6.2 
Credit Derivatives 
Rather than using credit derivatives to mitigate counterparty credit risk in its trading operations, the 
Group prefers to make use of collateral arrangements.  
11.6.3 
CVA 
The CVA is an adjustment made to the value of derivatives in order to take into account the 
possibility of a counterparty’s default. The fair value of derivatives, therefore, is the risk neutral price 
adjusted by the CVA. Two types of CVA are recognised at Swedbank: regulatory CVA and economic 
CVA. The former is an additional regulatory capital charge to account for potential credit migration 
due to a downgrade in the Group’s derivative counterparties’ ratings, while the latter is an estimation 
of the expected loss from derivative counterparty defaults. Economic CVA is a reservation made 
against Swedbank’s profits. 
11.7 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk refers to the risk of not being able to meet payment obligations when due without 
incurring considerable additional costs for obtaining funds or losses due to asset fire-sales. 
11.7.1 
Funding and Liquidity Strategy 
Swedbank’s funding strategy reflects its asset composition. More than half of its lending consists of 
Swedish mortgages, primarily financed through covered bonds. Deposits, covered bonds and 
shareholder equity make up the majority of Swedbank’s total funding requirements. This means that 
Swedbank has a limited structural need for senior unsecured funding. 
The share of unsecured funding is determined by Swedbank’s aim to maintain a conservative stable 
funding profile using a diversified set of funding sources as well as its need to meet the regulatory 
MREL requirements. To secure a stable funding profile for Swedbank, Group Treasury continuously 
monitors and analyses relevant positions and markets, e.g., the deposit base and the wholesale debt 
market. 
Swedbank has a number of different funding programs for its short- and long-term funding, including 
commercial paper programs, certificates of deposit, covered bonds and senior unsecured debt. 
Swedbank also complements its public funding activities with long-term investor-targeted private 
placements. In addition, Swedbank continuously evaluates various markets and currencies with the 
intent to further diversify the investor base. 
Swedbank maintains a liquidity reserve to manage its liquidity risks. When future refinancing needs 
arise, the liquidity reserve is increased to meet these maturities. Various types of stressed scenarios 
such as partly or fully closed markets for new issuance are also considered. 
The table below outlines the Group’s liquidity reserve as of December 31, 2020.  
 
Group Liquidity Reserve, Market Value1 
Total 
 
SEK million 
 
 
Level 1 assets 
484,533

--- Page 210 ---
198 
 
 
Cash and holdings in central banks2 ........................................................................... 
315,446 
Securities issued or guaranteed by sovereigns, central banks, multilateral 
development banks and international organisations ................................................... 
131,695 
Securities issued by municipalities and public sector entities (“PSEs”) ...................... 
1,309 
Extremely high quality covered bonds ......................................................................... 
36,103 
Level 2 assets 
10,487 
Level 2A assets ........................................................................................................... 
9,408 
Securities issued or guaranteed by sovereigns, central banks, municipalities and 
PSEs ............................................................................................................................ 
— 
High quality covered bonds ......................................................................................... 
9,405 
Corporate debt securities (lowest rating AA-) .............................................................. 
3 
Level 2B assets ........................................................................................................... 
1,079 
Asset-backed securities ............................................................................................... 
— 
High quality covered bonds ......................................................................................... 
— 
Corporate debt securities (rated A+ to BBB-) .............................................................. 
785 
Shares (major stock index) .......................................................................................... 
294 
Total ............................................................................................................................ 
495,040 
 
 ____________  
Note: 
1 Unadjusted Liquid Assets classified in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU 2015/61). 
2 Minimum reserve requirements held in Central Banks of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Bank of Finland are excluded from 
Liquid Assets. 
11.7.2 
Management of Liquidity Risk 
Managing liquidity risk is an integral part of Swedbank’s business operations. Internal policies state 
that Swedbank’s appetite for liquidity risk shall be low, and that the liquidity profile shall be resilient 
towards both short-term and long-term liquidity stress, thus requiring an adequate liquidity 
generating capacity. To meet these requirements, Group Treasury proactively manages liquidity and 
funding. Swedbank’s funding strategy and total liquidity generating capacity are key components in 
liquidity management. 
The level of risk acceptable for achieving the strategic goals of Swedbank (“risk appetite”) is decided 
by Swedbank’s Board of Directors, while the CEO is responsible for the implementation of the risk 
policy and risk appetite established by the Board. The CEO has established a Group Treasury 
function with the overall responsibility to manage Swedbank’s liquidity. Group Treasury is the first 
line of defence in identifying, measuring, analysing, monitoring and managing liquidity risks. To avoid 
a conflict of interest, the unit responsible for analysing the liquidity risks is separate from the 
position-taking units. 
Group Risk constitutes the second line risk management function and is responsible for ensuring 
that liquidity risks are identified and properly managed by Group Treasury. Moreover, Group Risk is 
also responsible for Group governance and strategies within the area of liquidity risk control and for 
monitoring the regulatory environment related to liquidity risk control. 
In determining Swedbank’s overall liquidity risk appetite, the Board of Directors has defined limits for 
the regulatory metrics LCR and NSFR, and for survival periods, as measured by the internal survival 
horizon metric. Furthermore, a liquidity risk limit framework has been established in order to ensure 
business operations stay within the risk appetite and to avoid unwanted risk concentrations. The 
limits are established for Swedbank on the Group level, its relevant legal entities, branches and 
stand-alone currencies. 
Swedbank has a business continuity plan (“BCP”), which is updated annually, to manage any 
serious disruptions in liquidity. The BCP sets limits on several risk indicators that act as early 
warning triggers. If the limits are breached, the BCP is used as an instruction to reduce the

--- Page 211 ---
199 
 
 
increased level of liquidity risk with detailed descriptions of actions that can be taken to avoid going 
into recovery mode, where the more comprehensive Recovery Plan would be activated. 
11.7.3 
Measurement 
The survival horizon measure forms the basis for the liquidity risk limit framework. The measure 
reflects the survival period threshold as defined by the Board of Directors and is the main internal 
liquidity risk metric used within Swedbank. The guiding principle of the measure is the capture of all 
relevant future daily cash flows. By combining this metric with Swedbank’s liquidity generating 
capacity, the projected liquidity position can be illustrated over time.   
The risk measure is conservative and assumes adverse circumstances, e.g. that there is limited 
access to the funding markets, a considerable deposit run-off and a severe drop in housing prices – 
affecting the overcollateralization level of the cover pool. 
In addition, severe stress tests are run regularly to increase readiness for liquidity disturbances on 
the debt market. The stress tests take both idiosyncratic and market-related problems into account, 
whereas analyses encompass the effect of a combination of the two. Specific sensitivity analyses of 
the effect of house price declines on the cover pool are run regularly. 
The LCR aims to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high quality 
assets (a liquidity reserve) to meet its liquidity needs for the next 30-day horizon under the 
assumption of a severe liquidity stress scenario. As of January 1, 2018, LCR is reported in 
accordance with the EU Commission’s Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (“LCR DA”) with a 
minimum requirement of 100.0 per cent. The Swedish supervisory authority has implemented a 
Pillar 2 requirement of 100.0 per cent on LCR in single currencies USD and EUR and 75.0 per 
cent in SEK. The Group’s LCR metric has been well above 100.0 per cent during 2020, on total 
level, as well as in USD and EUR, indicating that Swedbank has a sufficient amount of highly liquid 
assets to withstand stressed cash flows for a time horizon of 30 days.  
The NSFR shows a bank’s ability to manage stressed liquidity situations over a one-year horizon. 
NSFR ensures that a bank’s long-term illiquid assets are funded with a minimum amount of stable 
long-term funding. An NSFR of above 100.0 per cent means that the long-term illiquid assets are 
adequately funded with stable funding. As of December 31, 2020, LCR for the Group amounted to 
174 per cent and NSFR to 125 per cent (CRR2).  
For more information relating to liquidity, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources”. 
11.8 
Market Risks 
 Market risks refer to the risks to value, earnings or capital arising from movements of risk factors in 
financial markets. Value covers both economic value and accounting value and includes valuation 
adjustments. 
Market risk includes interest rate risk (including real and nominal interest rates, credit spreads and 
basis spreads), currency risk, equity risk (including dividend risk) and commodity risk (including 
precious metals), as well as risks stemming from changes in volatilities or correlations. 
11.8.1 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate risk refers to the risk that the value of the Group’s assets, liabilities and interest-related 
derivatives may be negatively affected by changes in interest rates or other relevant risk factors.

--- Page 212 ---
200 
 
 
The majority of the Group’s interest rate risk is structural and arises within banking operations when 
there is a mismatch between the interest fixing periods of assets and liabilities, including derivatives. 
The interest rate risk in fixed rate assets, primarily customer loans, accounts for the larger part of 
this risk and is hedged through fixed rate funding or by entering into various types of swap 
agreements. Interest rate risk also arises within the trading operations, e.g. through customer 
related activities.  
Interest rate risk is measured in the Group for all positions, including those recorded at fair value and 
those recorded at accrued value. 
Change in value of assets and liabilities, including derivatives,  
if the market interest rate rises by one percentage point, as of December 31, 2020  
 
SEK million 
<3 
mths. 
3-6 
mths. 
6-12 
mths. 
1-2  
yrs. 
2-3 
yrs. 
3-4 
yrs. 
4-5 
yrs. 
5-10 
yrs. 
>10 
yrs. 
Total 
SEK 
-422 
77 
-97 
492 
123 
801 
216 
-1,202 
530 
518 
Foreign currency 
78 
-30 
473 
494 
1,102 
-1,552 
790 
-13 
41 
1,383 
Total 
-344 
47 
376 
986 
1,225 
-751 
1,006 
-1,215 
571 
1,901 
Of which financial instruments at fair value measured at fair value through profit and loss 
 
SEK million 
<3 
mths. 
3-6 
mths. 
6-12 
mths. 
1-2  
yrs. 
2-3 
yrs. 
3-4 
yrs. 
4-5 
yrs. 
5-10 
yrs. 
>10 
yrs. 
Total 
SEK 
180 
104 
-67 
411 
57 
333 
113 
-1,047 
484 
568 
Foreign currency 
-396 
-240 
573 
610 
3,044 
-6,552 
2,592 
341 
-224 
-252 
Total 
-216 
-136 
506 
1,021 
3,101 
-6,219 
2,705 
-706 
260 
316 
 
11.8.2 
Currency Risk 
Currency risk refers to the risk that the value of the Group’s assets and liabilities, including 
derivatives, will be negatively affected by changes in exchange rates or other relevant risk factors. 
The Group has strategic currency positions through goodwill and other intangible assets, which are 
deductible from the capital base. These currency positions are financed in SEK and are not hedged 
since changes in exchange rates between the foreign currencies and SEK do not affect either profit 
or the capital base. The major single position is in EUR and relates to the Baltic operations. 
A shift in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the Swedish krona of +5 per cent as of 
year-end 2020 would have a positive direct effect on the Group’s reported profit of SEK 11 million 
(positive SEK 73 million as of year-end 2019). Moreover, a shift in exchange rates between foreign 
currencies and the Swedish krona of -5 per cent as of year-end 2020 would have a negative direct 
effect on the Group’s reported profit of SEK 1 million (positive SEK 21 million as of year-end 2019).  
The table below outlines the Group’s currency positions as of December 31, 2020. A considerable 
share of the currency positions detailed in the table pertains to goodwill resulting from Swedbank’s 
holdings in foreign subsidiaries; changes in value in these positions do not affect net income.  
Currency Positions  
 
SEK million 
EUR 
USD 
GBP 
DKK 
NOK 
Other 
Total 
foreign 
currency  
SEK 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with 
central banks .....................  
144,434 
19,466 
— 
68 
82 
129 
164,179 
129,632 
293,811

--- Page 213 ---
201 
 
 
SEK million 
EUR 
USD 
GBP 
DKK 
NOK 
Other 
Total 
foreign 
currency  
SEK 
Total 
Treasury bills and other 
bills eligible for refinancing 
with central banks etc. .......  
4,664 
713 
— 
— 
705 
— 
6,082 
131,109 
137,191 
Loans to credit institutions .  
19,914 
3,886 
1,001 
1,652 
3,847 
3,987 
34,287 
13,667 
47,954 
Loans to the public ............  
224,649 
25,392 
3,669 
5,168 
31,101 
2,539 
292,518 
1,388,469 
1,680,987 
Bonds 
and 
other 
interest-bearing 
securities ...........................  
6,670 
580 
 
410 
8,227 
 
15,887 
44,088 
59,975 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives 
and 
other 
assets, not distributed .......  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
374,724 
374,724 
Total ..................................  
400,331 
50,037 
4,670 
7,298 
43,962 
6,655 
512,953 
2,081,689 
2,594,642 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit 
institutions .........................  
40,969 
3,179 
5,346 
1,356 
9,469 
4,546 
64,865 
85,448 
150,313 
Deposits and borrowings 
from the public ...................  
308,646 
30,776 
812 
117 
548 
8,718 
349,617 
798,623 
1,148,240 
Debt securities in issue 
221,847 
114,537 
38,625 
— 
10,548 
14,595 
400,152 
332,662 
732,814 
Senior 
non-preferred 
liabilities .............................  
7,564 
— 
— 
— 
2,795 
— 
10,359 
— 
10,359 
Subordinated liabilities 
11,751 
8,535 
— 
— 
— 
1,921 
22,207 
1,227 
23,434 
Derivatives 
and 
other 
liabilities, not distributed ....  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
374,289 
374,289 
Equity ................................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
155,193 
155,193 
Total ..................................  
590,777 
157,027 
44,783 
1,473 
23,360 
29,780 
847,200 
1,747,442 
2,594,642 
Derivatives, other assets 
and liabilities ......................  
201,778 
106,939 
40,125 
-5,831 
-20,408 
23,127 
345,730 
— 
— 
Net position in currency .....  
11,332 
-51 
12 
-6 
194 
2 
11,483 
— 
— 
 
11.8.3 
Share Price Risk 
Share price risk refers to the risk that the value of the Group’s holdings of shares and share-related 
derivatives may be negatively affected by changes in share prices or other relevant risk factors such 
as share price volatility.  
Share price risk arises due to holdings in equities and equity related derivatives. The main purpose 
of Swedbank’s equity trading is to generate liquidity for the Group’s customers. Share price risk is 
measured and limited in the Group, e.g. with respect to the worst possible outcomes in 81 different 
scenarios based on changes in share prices and implied volatility. In these scenarios, share prices 
change by a maximum of +/– 20 per cent and the implied volatility by a maximum of +/– 30 per cent. 
The outcomes for the various combinations form a risk matrix for share price risk, where the worst 
case scenario is limited. 
As of December 31, 2020, the worst outcome would have entailed a decline in the value of the 
trading operation’s positions by SEK 27 million (SEK 27 million as of December 31, 2019). 
11.8.4 
Credit Spread Risk 
For financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value within the Group’s trading operations and 
liquidity portfolio, credit spread risk is also measured separately. Credit spread risk refers to the risk 
that the value of these assets and liabilities will be affected by changes in issuer specific interest 
mark-ups (credit spreads), e.g. the difference between a security’s interest mark-up and the current 
market rate with the corresponding maturity for an issuer. 
As of December 31, 2020, an increase in all issuer-specific spreads by 1 basis point would have 
reduced the value of the Group’s interest-bearing assets, including derivatives, by SEK 12 million (a 
reduction of SEK 11 million as of December 31, 2019). 
11.8.5 
Risk Measurement 
Swedbank uses a number of different risk measures, both statistical and non–statistical, with the 
purpose of guiding the Group’s risk–taking units as well as to ensure compliance. Statistical

--- Page 214 ---
202 
 
 
measures such as Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) and Stressed Value-at-Risk (“SVaR”) are important tools in 
Swedbank’s risk management processes and are used, among other things, to calculate the Group’s 
capital requirement. 
VaR implicates the use of a model to estimate a probability distribution for the change in value of 
Swedbank’s portfolios. The model is based on the previous year’s movements in various market risk 
factors such as interest rates and equity prices. The estimation is based on the hypothetical 
assumption that the portfolios will remain unchanged over a certain time horizon. The Group uses a 
VaR model with a confidence interval of 99.0 per cent and a time horizon of one trading day. 
Statistically, this means that the potential loss of a portfolio will exceed the VaR amount one day out 
of 100. VaR is a useful tool, not only for determining the risk level of an individual security or asset 
class, but also when it comes to comparing risk levels for example between asset classes. Since 
VaR is a model based on a number of assumptions, Swedbank evaluates its VaR model’s accuracy 
on a daily basis through backtesting. 
VaR and SVaR differ slightly in that the stressed model applies market data from a one–year period 
of considerable stress. The period selected by Swedbank covers parts of the years 2008 and 2009, 
a period defined by the financial crisis. 
Non–statistical measures such as sensitivity analyses are important complements to VaR and 
SVaR, since these, in some cases, provide a deeper understanding of the market risk factors being 
measured. 
In addition to VaR and various types of sensitivity analyses, Swedbank conducts an extensive array 
of stress tests. These tests are built on scenarios and can be divided into three groups: historical, 
forward-looking, and method- and model stress scenarios. The purpose of these stress tests, and 
the scenarios that serve as a basis for them, is to further identify significant movements in risk 
factors or losses that could arise due to exceptional market disruptions. 
The total VaR of the Group was SEK 92 million by December 31, 2020 compared to the total VaR of 
SEK 64 million by December 31, 2019.   
 
 
January – December 
 
2020 
2019 
SEK million 
Max 
Min 
Average 
Year end 
Max 
Min 
Average 
Year end 
VaR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest rate risk 
113 
48 
74 
89 
83 
36 
57 
58 
Currency risk 
21 
4 
13 
11 
20 
2 
7 
11 
Share price risk 
18 
3 
6 
6 
7 
1 
3 
5 
Diversification 
— 
— 
-18 
-14 
— 
— 
-8 
-10 
Total 
114 
54 
75 
92 
93 
38 
59 
64 
 
11.8.6 
Management of Market Risks 
The Group’s total risk-taking is governed by the risk appetite decided by the Board of Directors and 
limits the nature and size of financial risk-taking. Only risk-taking units, i.e. units that are approved 
for risk-taking by the CEO, are permitted to take market risks. The CEO assigns risk limits for the 
risk-taking units to the CFO. To monitor risks associated with limits allocated by the CEO, the 
Group’s CFO sets limits and other indicators that at certain levels, indicate elevated risk. In addition 
to the CFO limits and selected indicators, there are local business area limits serving as important 
tools in the risk-taking units’ daily activities. The Group’s market risk analysis department is 
responsible, on a daily basis, for measuring, monitoring and reporting market risks within Swedbank.

--- Page 215 ---
203 
 
 
The majority of the Group’s market risks are of structural or strategic nature and are managed 
primarily by Group Treasury. 
Structural interest rate risks are a natural part of a bank that manages deposits and loans. Interest 
rate risk arises primarily when there is a difference in maturity and interest fixing periods between 
the Group’s assets and liabilities. Group Treasury manages risk within given limits, primarily by 
matching maturities either directly or through the use of various derivatives such as interest rate 
swaps. Interest rate risk also arises in the Group’s trading operations. The Group’s currency risk 
comprises of structural currency risk in the banking operations, currency risk as a result of the 
trading operations, and strategic currency risk arising through the Baltic operations. Share price risks 
arise due to holdings in equities and equity related derivatives. 
All market risks are managed within given limits, for example by means of forward contracts. 
11.8.7 
Derivatives 
Derivatives are financial instruments whose value changes in response to the change in an 
underlying variable such as an interest rate, commodity or security price, or index. Derivatives are 
used throughout the Group to manage both interest rate risk and currency risk. The trading operation 
uses derivatives to meet customer needs and, as part of market-maker activities, to cover and take 
market risk positions. Other units use derivatives primarily to reduce interest rate, currency and 
credit spread risks associated with services offered to customers or with funding their operations. 
11.9 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of losses, business process disruption, and negative 
reputational impact resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or 
from external events. It also includes risk from external events not covered by other risk type. The 
Group fundamentally seeks to limit its exposure to operational risk as much as possible. However, 
some exposure is inevitable since operational risk is inherent in all banking products, processes, 
services, models, functions and IT systems. A low risk appetite requires the Group to manage 
operational risks to be resilient and limit disruptions to reputational impact and reduce operational 
losses in accordance with established principles.  
In 2020, Swedbank saw an increase in incidents and losses compared to 2019, mainly due to the 
SFSA administrative fine issued to Swedbank due to deficiencies in combating money laundering.  
Risk-Based Planning 
The purpose of Risk-Based Planning (“RBP”) is to ensure that senior management considers the 
risks related to the business and that adequate resources and actions to manage the risks are 
planned for and prioritized. Further, the purpose of the risk organisation’s RBP is to identify and re-
assess key risk areas and the risk profile, prioritise risk control activities and to facilitate coordination 
of those activities with the Compliance function and Group Internal Audit. 
Operational Risk Reporting 
Operational risk reporting takes place in the form of regular reporting and immediate escalation. 
Comprehensive reports are sent to the Board and the CEO on both a quarterly and a monthly basis 
(and if there is any deviation, such deviation is reflected in the monthly report of the Chief Risk 
Officer that is presented to the board of directors). In addition to the monthly risk report, an 
assurance report, containing the results of assurance-related activities, is compiled on a quarterly

--- Page 216 ---
204 
 
 
basis to confirm to the Board of Directors that risk management and control activities are proceeding 
according to plan. 
Risk Assessments 
The primary purpose of Risk Assessments is to identify, analyse, evaluate, treat and follow-up on 
risks that can potentially have adverse effects on the achievement of business objectives. There is 
an annual top-down risk assessment process to identify the most material risks of the Group and 
ensure that they are given the right level of attention. These risks are then assessed and assigned a 
risk owner and mitigating actions are defined. 
New Product Approval Process (“NPAP”) 
Swedbank has a Group-wide NPAP covering all new and/or materially altered products, services, 
markets, processes or IT-systems as well as major operational and/or organisational changes. The 
purpose is to ensure that the Group does not enter into activities that entail unintended risks or risks 
that are not adequately managed and controlled as part of the process. In addition, the Group is able 
to ensure quality when launching new and/or revised products and services. 
NPAP has been aligned with Swedbank’s purchasing process and the Swedbank Agile Development 
Process. The Risk Control function shall review a change and can either approve, reject, approve a 
NPAP with actions (conditions) or grant temporary approval; for instance, when a change may 
contain risks that are not known or possible to assess at the time of approval. In these cases, a 
temporary approval can be granted for a maximum of 6 months with specified date. 
Business Continuity Management 
Swedbank’s principles for business continuity management are defined in the Group-level 
framework. Crisis management teams are available both on Group and local level to coordinate and 
communicate internally and externally. In addition, business continuity plans are in place for all 
business-critical processes, for IT systems supporting these systems and for services that are critical 
for countries in which Swedbank operates. The plans are implemented on the Group and local level 
and describe how Swedbank is to operate in the event of a severe business disruption or potential 
crisis situation. Swedbank’s business continuity and crisis management models are derived from the 
international standard ISO 22301:2012 Societal security - Business Continuity Management 
systems. 
Process and Control Management: Swedbank has established a framework for processes and 
internal control common to all types of process controls. Specific frameworks for internal control over 
financial reporting and for credit process control are applied to affect processes within the Group. 
The process framework is fully integrated into the bank’s governance model. The purpose of 
Swedbank’s process framework and the integration into the governance model thereof is to clarify 
responsibility for the Group’s significant processes as well as for the controls in the processes. 
Another purpose is to ensure that such processes and controls are effective and appropriate. 
Swedbank uses the process framework as a basis for all risk management and risk control 
performed within the Group. 
Incident Management and Reporting: An incident is defined as a deviation in business processes 
resulting in unexpected business outcome. The impact of an incident is actual; loss of life and health, 
loss of reputation, business process disruption, financial impact or a negative impact to natural 
persons.

--- Page 217 ---
205 
 
 
Swedbank has established routines and system support to facilitate incident reporting and follow-
up on incidents. Group Risk supports the business units in incident reporting, analysing and 
drafting action plans to ensure that the underlying causes are identified and that suitable actions 
are taken. Incidents and operational risk-related losses are reported in a central database for 
further analysis. 
Financial Crimes Reporting  
The Group requires any material violations of internal and external anti-money laundering and 
counter-terrorist financing regulations to be reported in its regular compliance report. In addition, 
suspicious activity reports are filed with the local Financial Intelligence Unit of the relevant 
jurisdiction by the Group’s Money Laundering Reporting Officers in accordance with local 
procedures. In 2019, the Board established a working group to act as the Board’s advisory body to 
monitor the Group’s work with ongoing investigations regarding money laundering allegations and its 
own independent investigation with an external law firm, Clifford Chance LLP. The Board also 
established a new committee, the Corporate Governance Committee, which will assume the working 
group’s duties. The Group also continued to invest in resources, processes and technology to 
prevent money laundering and other financial crimes, including the creation of the AFC, increased 
staff and the engagement of external consultants to help the Group’s business areas prevent 
financial crimes. In October 2019, the Group developed an action plan to align the Group with 
industry best practices to prevent financial crime. In June 2020, Swedbank, along with the other four 
largest banks in Sweden, started a collaboration with the Swedish Police Authority to improve the 
ability to identify and combat money laundering and organised crime through increased information 
sharing. Swedbank has actively participated in this collaboration (“SAMLIT”), which has been active 
with regular meetings and is expected to continue its pilot phase until June 2021. Each participating 
bank has provided at least two to three dedicated employees to ensure that the project is running as 
planned. 
Risk Management Maturity Assessment (“RMMA”) 
The RMMA tool is a scorecard used by the second line of risk management, Risk Control, in order to 
assess the first line’s maturity level regarding risk management. The assessments are performed 
semi-annually with the aim to encourage a strong risk culture and increase risk awareness. A high 
risk management maturity level within the first line indicates a strong risk culture and risk awareness, 
which in turn reduces the threat of unforeseen losses and keeps business assets secure and safe. 
Recovery Planning  
The Group has established a Group-level recovery plan in accordance with the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive (“BRRD”) regulatory framework complemented by the guidelines and technical 
standards issued by the EBA. The recovery plan describes a set of measures that can be applied in 
distress in order to restore the sound financial position of the Group and to ensure the continuity of 
critical financial services provided by the Group in all its home markets. The recovery plan describes 
a wide range of recovery indicators along with trigger levels that can be easily monitored to capture 
potential stress in a timely manner. Further, in the corporate governance structure, the rules for 
escalation and decision-making to be used under stressful conditions are described. 
Information Security and IT Risk 
Swedbank defines information security and IT risk as the risk of violation of confidentiality, integrity 
and availability (“CIA”) of digital and non-digital information. Information Security and IT risk covers 
four subcategories: (i) Cyber Security Risk (risk of violation of CIA of digital information due to 
malicious actors); (ii) IT Risk (risk related to non-intentional hardware, software or network failure);

--- Page 218 ---
206 
 
 
Digital Information Security Risk (risk related to non-intentional or negligent violations of information 
security regulations); and (iv) Non-digital Information Security Risk. Information security and IT risk 
addresses elements of other risk types such as Privacy Risk, Fraud Risk and Third Party Risk, 
where relevant. 
Swedbank has management frameworks and strategies in place to uphold information security and 
IT. CIA of information is ensured by application of general principle of security by design, adherence 
to the Group’s mandatory IT processes, cyber resilience and vital information security capabilities, 
and solid information security awareness and culture across the organization. Swedbank has made 
significant improvements in maturity during 2020 via resilience program, prioritized information 
security areas, introduction of mandatory information security training for all employees, introduction 
of Information Security Risk Assessment tool, and intense development in frameworks, 
measurements and reporting. Information Security and IT risk exposure is monitored by a dedicated 
risk appetite statement and related quantitative measurement framework. 
Digital Threat and Risk Landscape 
The changing technological paradigm also entails emerging digital threats against the Group and its 
customers (such as large-scale DDoS attacks, ransomware attacks or data leaks). The increased 
exposure to these threats follows the industry’s increasing dependence on online channels as well 
as constantly available communication links for providing digitalised services to customers. 
Swedbank has been successful and proactive in establishing good level of situational awareness 
and efficient mitigation of related risks. As the threat landscape is constantly evolving, Swedbank 
has established continuous monitoring and reporting of the threat level and publishes detailed 
annual Threat and Risk Landscape report. 
Legal  
The CEO has established Group Legal for governing, controlling and supporting the proper handling 
of legal matters.  
The Group has lawyers in all major business units with specialisation in all core areas of Swedbank. 
Lawyers provide legal services by supporting, understanding and acting upon the needs of the 
particular business. Internal rules on escalation, information-sharing and reporting legal risks and 
lawsuits are also in place. Each business unit has implemented appropriate overall processes and 
procedures for effectively handling legal risks within its area of responsibility in order to mitigate 
potential threats. Regular reviews are carried out to identify and follow up on actual and/or potential 
legal risks, so that practices can be modified to ensure compliance with local regulatory 
requirements. 
Insurance Policies  
Swedbank has insurance protection for significant parts of its operations and maintains several 
insurance programs to mitigate operational and other types of risks. These insurance programs 
consist of external insurance solutions, internal solutions and externally reinsured solutions. The 
external programs cover crime, professional liability, directors’ and officers’ liability, cyber and 
property insurance. 
Regulatory Changes  
Following the finalisation of the Basel III framework in December 2017, the new Standardised 
Measurement Approach (“SMA”) for calculating operational risk capital requirement, was

--- Page 219 ---
207 
 
 
implemented, replacing all current methods. The method combines a simple standardised measure 
of operational risk exposure with bank-specific loss data to produce the capital number. 
An initial analysis of the impact of SMA on Pillar 1 regulatory capital charge for operational risk 
showed an impact as compared to the previous approach; however, uncertainties remain regarding 
details of EU implementation of the new approach for operational risk, as the regulation has not yet 
been finalised. The earliest date for the implementation of any changes to the operational risk 
framework is expected to be January 1, 2023. 
Compliance  
The Compliance function focuses primarily on Financial Crime Risk, Conduct Risk, and Regulatory 
Compliance risks which are further divided into respective sub-types in order to provide clarity in 
roles and responsibilities. All sub-types have clear qualitative risk appetite statements which are 
aligned with the overall strategy of the bank and will be supplemented with quantitative metrics (KRIs 
and limits) in order to provide active steering and oversight for each sub-type. Risk appetites shall be 
coupled with robust and effective risk management processes to uphold the conduct of the Group, 
which enables to manage the risks in accordance with the principles set in relevant rules, 
regulations, and frameworks. 
Swedbank has established a compliance organisation that is responsible for governing, controlling 
and supporting the proper handling of compliance matters.

--- Page 220 ---
208 
 
 
12. 
Management 
12.1 
Board of Directors  
The Swedbank Board of Directors (the “Board”) has overarching responsibility for managing the 
Group’s affairs in the interest of both Swedbank and the shareholders. The Board carries out its role 
in a sustainable manner, with a focus on the Group’s customers’ interests and sound risk 
management, to ensure the Group’s long-term survival and instil trust in the market. 
On May 28, 2020, Swedbank held its Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and increased the total 
number of board members from nine to ten, electing five new Board members and re-electing five 
existing Board members. The new members of the Board are Bo Bengtsson, Göran Bengtsson, 
Hans Eckerström, Bengt-Erik Lindgren and Biljana Pehrsson.  The majority of members elected at 
the AGM are independent in relation to Swedbank and the Group Executive Committee and 
independent in relation to Swedbank’s major shareholders. The Board also includes two employee 
representatives in accordance with special agreements with the Financial Sector Union of Sweden 
and Akademikerföreningen. 
The members of the Board, their year of birth, the year of their initial election as a director and the 
year of their initial appointment as an employee representative, their position and whether or not 
they are independent according to the requirements set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate 
Governance (the “SCCG”), are set forth in the table below. 
Name 
Year 
of 
birth 
Board member 
since 
Position 
Independent/dependent 
Göran Persson 
1949 
2019 
Chair 
Independent 
Bo Magnusson  
1962 
2019 
Vice Chair 
Independent 
Anna Mossberg 
1972 
2018 
Member 
Independent 
Josefin Lindstrand 
1976 
2019 
Member 
Independent 
Kerstin Hermansson 
1957 
2019 
Member 
Independent 
Biljana Pehrsson 
1970 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Bo Bengtsson 
1966 
2020 
Member 
Dependent 
in 
relation 
to 
Swedbank and the management 
of Swedbank and independent in 
relation 
to 
Swedbank’s 
major 
shareholders. 
Göran Bengtsson 
1967 
2020 
Member 
Dependent 
in 
relation 
to 
Swedbank and the management 
of Swedbank and independent in 
relation 
to 
Swedbank’s 
major 
shareholders. 
Bengt Erik Lindgren 
1950 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Hans Eckerström 
1972 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Roger Ljung 
1967 
2015 
Employee Representative 
— 
Åke Skoglund 
1959 
2020 
Employee Representative 
— 
Details as to the education and experience of the Board members are listed below: 
Göran Persson: Mr. Persson has been the Chair of the board since June 2019. He holds a 
Sociology and political science degree from the University of Örebro. Mr. Persson was the Swedish 
Finance Minister from 1994 to 1996 as well as the Swedish Prime Minister from 1996 to 2006. He 
previously held positions as chair at Sveaskog and Scandinavian Air Ambulance, board member at 
Wiklöf Holding AB and board member at Ålandsbanken. Mr Persson is the chair at LKAB, chair at

--- Page 221 ---
209 
 
 
Greengold and chair at Scandinavian Biogas Fuels International AB. He is also senior advisor for the  
JKL Group. 
Bo Magnusson: Mr. Magnusson has been the Vice chair of the board since June 2019. He has 
completed an Executive Leadership Program at Wallenberg Institute. Previously, he held the 
position as chair at SBAB Bank AB, Carnegie Holding AB, Carnegie Investment Bank AB, 
Fastighetsbolaget Norrporten AB, 4T-WyWallet, NS Holding AB and Sveriges Säkerställda 
Obligationer AB. He has also held various senior positions in SEB. Mr. Magnusson is currently the 
chair at Rikshem AB and Rikshem Intressenter AB. He is also a Board member at KBC Bank NV. 
Anna Mossberg: Ms. Mossberg became a member of the Board in 2018. She holds a Master of 
Science from Luleå University of Technology, an executive MBA from both IE University, Spain and 
Stanford University, U.S. Ms. Mossberg is a full-time director and board member at SwissCom AB. 
She is also currently a board member at Schibsted ASA. Previously, she was a business area 
manager at Google Sweden AB, an MD at Bahnhof AB, SvP, Strategy and Portfolio Management, 
Deutsche Telecom AG, Director of Internet Services at Telia AB and Vice President at Telia 
International Carrier AB. 
Josefin Lindstrand: Ms. Lindstrand has been a member of the Board since June 2019. She holds a 
Master of Laws and a University Diploma in Business Administration at the University of Stockholm. 
She has previously worked at BNP Paribas, Citi, Intertrust Group, Advokatfirman Hammarskiöld & 
Co and has been board member of SevenDays Finans AB as well as vice chairman of Sörmlands 
Sparbank. Ms Lindstrand is the founder and owner of Clearstone AB and currently holds a position 
as specialist advisor within corporate governance through private practice.  
Kerstin Hermansson: Ms. Hermansson has been a member of the Board since the beginning of 
2019. She holds a Law degree from Lund University. Previously, Ms. Hermansson was the CEO of 
Swedish Securities Dealers Association. Ms. Hermansson has also worked as Global Head of Legal 
& Compliance at Enskilda Securities AB, a subsidiary within SEB Group. She was previously a 
board member at Swedsec Licensing AB and the Seventh Swedish National Pension Fund. Ms. 
Hermansson has also held a position as an attorney at Jacobsson & Ponsbach Fondkommission Ab. 
Additionally, she has provided notary services at the Linköping’s District Court and the police 
authorities in Katrineholm. She is currently a member of the European Banking Federation and 
ESMA’s Securities and Markets Stakeholder Group. 
Biljana Pehrsson: Ms. Pehrsson has been a member of the Board since May 2020. She holds a 
Master of Science in Engineering from the Stockholm Royal Institute of Technology. Ms. Pehrsson is 
currently CEO of Kungsleden AB and a board member of Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern AB and 
Stadsutvecklarna i Värtahamnen AB. She was previously a board member of East Capital Baltic 
Property Fund (ECBPF I & II & III), Einar Mattsson AB/Fastighets AB Stadshus, the deputy CEO / 
Head of Real Estate of East Capital Private Equity and CEO of Centrumutveckling. 
Bo Bengtsson: Mr. Bengtsson has been a member of the Board since May 2020. He is an 
approved auditor and holds active Swedsec and Swedsec mortgage licenses. Mr. Bengtsson also 
studied strategic management at Handelshögskolan in Stockholm. He is the current CEO of 
Sparbanken Skåne. Mr. Bengtson was previously the CEO of Sparbanken and Kristianstads 
Sparbank. 
Göran Bengtsson: Mr. Bengtsson has been a member of the Board since May 2020. He attended 
the Bachelor’s Programme in Business and Economics at the University of Borås. Mr. Bengtsson is 
currently a member of the Board’s Risk and Capital Committee and Audit Committee. He is currently 
CEO of Falkenbergs Sparbank and a board member of Destination Falkenberg AB. He was 
previously Regional Head of Credit at Swedbank from 2007 to 2012.

--- Page 222 ---
210 
 
 
Hans Eckerström: Mr. Eckerström has been a member of the Board since May 2020. He holds a 
Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Chalmers University of Technology and a Master 
of Science in Business Administration from the University of Gothenburg. Mr. Eckerström is currently 
the chair of Henri-Lloyd Group AB, Profoto Holding AB and Profoto Invest AB. He is also a board 
member of Thule Group AB. Mr. Eckerström was previously the chair of Nobia AB and a board 
member of Nordstjernan AB. 
Bengt Erik Lindgren: Mr. Lindgren has been a member of the Board since May 2020. He studied 
business administration, sociology and personnel management at Uppsala University. Mr. Lindgren 
is currently a member of the Board’s Risk and Capital Committee. He was previously Chair of 
Prevas AB and Länsförsäkringar Bergslagen Ömsesidigt and a board member of Lansa Fastigheter 
AB, Lansa Bostadsfastigheter AB and Länsförsäkringar Bank AB. 
Roger Ljung: Mr. Ljung has been an employee representative to the Board since 2015. Mr. Ljung is 
a Business advisor at Swedbank. Previously he was a retail advisor and branch manager at 
Swedbank. Mr. Ljung is also a board member of Finansförbundets förbundsstyrelse, deputy chair of 
Finansförbundets koncernklubb Swedbank, board member of Finans och Försäkringsbranchens A-
kassa and deputy chair of SPK. 
Åke Skoglund: Mr. Skoglund has been an employee representative to the Board since 2020. Mr. 
Skoglund studied Business Administration at Stockholm University. He has worked at Swedbank for 
approximately 30 years. He has previous experience with business development, accounting, annual 
accounts and government reporting.  
The office address of the members of the Board is c/o Swedbank (publ), Landsvägen 40, SE-172 63 
Sundbyberg Stockholm, Sweden. None of the Board members have any family relationship with any 
other Board member or any members of the Group Executive Committee. 
During the last five years none of the members of the Board have been involved in any bankruptcies, 
receiverships or liquidations in any capacity as a member of the board of directors of a company or 
members of the management of a company. None of the members of the Board have been 
convicted in relation to fraudulent offences during the last five years or been subject to any public 
incrimination or sanctions by statutory or regulatory authorities (including designated professional 
bodies), and none of the directors have been disqualified by a court from acting as members of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies of a company or from acting in the management 
or conduct of the affairs of any company during the last five years. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to Swedbank by any member of 
the Board of Swedbank, listed above, and their private interests or other duties. 
Some or all of the members of the Board are customers of Swedbank and accordingly have ordinary 
customer relationships with Swedbank. 
The members of the Board are not entitled to any benefits upon retirement from the Board.  
12.1 
Group Executive Committee  
 The transformation of the Group Executive Committee involved the appointment of Charlotte Rydin 
as Chief Legal Officer and Head of Group Legal on July 9, 2020. She started in the beginning of 
2021. Jon Lidefelt was appointed Head of Baltic Banking on July 9, 2020. He had been acting Head 
of Baltic Banking since December 2019. In addition, Erik Ljungberg was appointed as Head of Group 
Communication and Sustainability on July 1, 2020 and Rolf Marquardt was appointed as Group Risk 
Manager on September 14, 2020. On January 15, 2021, it was announced that Ola Laurin stepped

--- Page 223 ---
211 
 
 
down as the Head of Large Corporates & Institutions and would leave the Group. Björn Meltzer will 
serve as the acting Head of Large Corporates & Institutions and recruitment of a permanent 
replacement has begun. 
The table below sets forth the name, year of birth, current position and years of employment of the 
members of the Group Executive Committee.  
Name 
Year of birth 
Position 
Employed Since 
Jens Henriksson 
1967 
President and CEO 
2019 
Mikael Björknert 
1966 
Head of Swedish Banking 
2010 
Lars-Erik Danielsson 
1962 
Chief Credit Officer 
1990 
Anders Ekedahl 
1960 
Head of Anti-Financial Crime Unit 
1987 
Jon Lidefelt 
1973 
Head of Baltic Banking 
2013 
Erik Ljungberg 
1971 
Head 
of 
Group 
Communication 
& 
Sustainability 
2020 
Björn Meltzer 
 1961 
Acting 
Head 
of 
Large 
Corporates 
& 
Institutions 
2010 
Lotta Lovén 
1967 
CIO and Head of Digital Banking & IT 
2004 
Rolf Marquardt  
1964 
Chief Risk Officer 
2020 
Carina Strand 
1964 
Head of HR & Infrastructure 
2017 
Anders Karlsson 
1966 
Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) 
2010 
Charlotte Rydin 
 1968 
Chief Legal Officer and Head of Group Legal 
2021 
Ingrid Harbo 
1959 
Chief Compliance Officer 
2011 
Kerstin Winlöf 
1966 
Head of Group Financial Products & Advice 
2019 
 
Jens Henriksson: Mr. Henriksson holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics, Masters in Electric 
Engineering, Control Theory and a Fil. Lic. in Economics. 
Mikael Björknert: Mr. Björknert holds a Bachelor’s of Science in Business Administration and 
Economics. 
Lars-Erik Danielsson: Mr. Danielsson holds a Master’s of Science in Economics. 
Anders Ekedahl: Mr. Ekedahl holds a Master’s of Science in Economics. 
Jon Lidefelt: Mr. Lidefelt holds a Master’s of Science in Engineering Physics. 
Erik Ljungberg: Mr. Ljungberg holds a Master’s of Science in Business Administration. 
Björn Meltzer: Mr. Meltzer holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Lunds 
University. 
Lotta Lovén: Ms. Lovén holds a Diploma in Business Administration. 
Rolf Marquardt: Mr. Marquardt holds a PhD in Business Economics. 
Carina Strand: Ms. Strand studied business for her upper secondary school degree. 
Anders Karlsson: Mr. Karlsson holds a Master’s of Science in Economics. 
Charlotte Rydin: Ms. Rydin holds a Master’s of Law, LL.M. 
Ingrid Harbo: Ms. Harbo holds a Master’s of Law, LL.M.

--- Page 224 ---
212 
 
 
Kerstin Winlöf: Ms. Winlöf holds a Master’s of Science in Business Administration and Economics. 
The office address of the members of the Group Executive Committee is c/o Swedbank (publ) 
Landsvägen 40, 172 63 Sundbyberg, Sweden. None of the members of the Group Executive 
Committee has any family relationship with any other member of the Group Executive Committee or 
member of the Board of Directors. 
None of the members of the Group Executive Committee have, during the past five years, been 
involved in any bankruptcies, receiverships or liquidations in any capacity as a member of the Board 
of Directors of a company or members of the management of a company. None of the members of 
the Group Executive Committee have been convicted in relation to fraudulent offences during the 
last five years or been subject to any public incrimination or sanctions by statutory or regulatory 
authorities (including designated professional bodies), and none of the members of the Group 
Executive Committee have been disqualified by a court from acting as members of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies of a company or from acting in the management 
or conduct of the affairs of any company during the last five years. 
The Board of Directors have adopted a Conflict of Interest Policy that sets the Group’s approach as 
regards conflicts of interest. The Policy defines the key conflicts of interest that impact the Group as 
well as detailing its mitigating actions. A key function related to this is the process for disclosure of 
ancillary assignments.  
Some or all of the members of the Group Executive Committee are customers of Swedbank and 
accordingly have ordinary customer relationships with Swedbank. 
12.2 
The Board’s Organisation and Work 
 The Board is the Group’s highest decision-making body after the AGM, and its highest executive 
body. Swedbank’s Board sets financial goals and strategies; appoints, dismisses and evaluates the 
CEO; verifies that effective systems are in place to monitor and control operations and that laws and 
regulations are complied with; and ensures transparency and disclosure of accurate information. The 
Board is also ultimately responsible for ensuring that the Group has an effective organisation and 
corporate governance. The Board appoints/dismisses the heads of Group Risk, Group Compliance 
and Group Internal Audit. Internal Audit is directly subordinate to the Board. The division of tasks 
between the Board, the Chair of the Board and the CEO is determined annually through the Board’s 
rules of procedure, the governance policy and instruction given to the CEO, among others. The 
Board has also appointed committees to monitor, prepare and evaluate issues within specific areas 
for resolution by the Board. For further information on the Board’s work and organisation, please 
refer to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the year ended 
December 31, 2020 which are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. More information on the 
work of the Board’s committees can be found below. 
12.3 
Risk and Capital Committee  
The Board’s Risk and Capital Committee supports the Board in its work to ensure that routines are in 
place to identify and define risks relating to business activities as well as to measure and control 
risk-taking and assessing its capital requirements. The members of the committee have special 
competence and experience working with risk and capital issues as well as compliance. 
The work of the Risk and Capital Committee includes: 
 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (“ICAAP”) and the Group’s capitalisation.

--- Page 225 ---
213 
 
 
 
The Group’s credit limits and exposures. 
 
Funding-related issues and strategies.  
 
Monitor reporting from the Compliance function. 
 
Review the Group’s ERM policy and policy for operational risks. 
 
Monitor monthly risk report from Group Risk, which contains among other things a report on 
the Group’s risks. 
 
Monitor and prepare the Compliance function’s quarterly report on the Group’s compliance 
risks and non-compliance. 
 
Monitor and prepare the Compliance function’s annual plan, which covers the Group’s 
principal compliance risk areas. 
12.4 
Remuneration Committee 
The Board’s Remuneration Committee verifies that the Group’s remuneration systems generally 
conform to effective risk management practices and legal requirements. Remuneration systems 
must comply with all applicable rules, such as the Code, SFSA guidelines and the European 
Banking Authority’s guidelines for senior executives. The committee’s chair and members must have 
the necessary risk analysis knowledge and experience to independently evaluate the suitability of 
the Group’s remuneration policy. The members must be independent in relation to the Group and its 
executive management. The work of the Remuneration Committee includes: 
 
Salaries, pensions, variable remuneration and other benefits for the Group Executive 
Committee in accordance with the guidelines adopted by the AGM and the Head of Internal 
Audit. 
 
The Board’s proposal to the AGM regarding remuneration guidelines for senior executives. 
 
Allocation and evaluation of Swedbank’s performance and share-based remuneration 
programmes and other issues associated with the programmes. 
 
Swedbank’s remuneration policy. 
 
Decisions pursuant to or deviations from remuneration policies.  
 
Annual review and evaluation of the effectiveness of the remuneration instructions. 
 
Preparation and recommendation to the Board on remuneration to consultants where total 
remuneration exceeds a certain amount. 
 
Review to ensure that salary differences are not arbitrary. 
 
Questions concerning the process for nominating Board members of material subsidiaries as 
well as the instruction for Swedbank’s internal nomination committee. 
12.5 
Audit Committee  
The Audit Committee, through its work and in consultation with the external auditor, the Head of 
Internal Audit, the CEO and Group Risk, provides the Board with access to information on internal

--- Page 226 ---
214 
 
 
governance and control over the Group’s financial reporting. Its purpose is to ensure that the 
Group’s financial reporting is conducted in a satisfactory and compliant manner. 
The Audit Committee’s purpose is to ensure that the Group’s CEO establishes and maintains 
effective routines for internal governance. These routines must be designed to provide reasonable 
assurance with respect to reporting (financial reporting, operational risk tied to financial reporting) 
and compliance (laws, regulations and internal rules) and ensure the suitability and efficiency of the 
Group’s administrative processes and the protection of its assets. 
The Audit Committee also reviews the work of internal and external auditors to ensure that such 
work has been conducted effectively, impartially and satisfactorily. The committee proposes 
measures that are decided on by the Board as needed. The Head of Internal Audit is a co-opted 
member of the Audit Committee. The majority of the members of the Audit Committee must be 
independent from the Group and its executive management. At least one member must also be 
independent from the Group’s major shareholders. In addition, at least one member must have 
special competence in accounting or auditing. 
The Audit Committee is responsible for, among others: 
 
reviewing and evaluating the Group’s financial reporting process; 
 
ensuring the quality of the Group’s reporting and that such reporting complied with all 
applicable requirements; 
 
ensuring that interim and year-end reports are audited or reviewed by the external auditor; 
 
meeting with the external auditor on each reporting date; 
 
evaluating the Head of Internal Audit; 
 
reviewing Internal Audit´s budget, policy, instruction and annual plan and recommending 
them for approval by the Board; 
 
reviewing Internal Audit’s quarterly reports and suggested improvements; 
 
monitoring Internal Audit´s annual plan and strategic priorities;  
 
monitoring the external auditor´s annual plan and coordinating between the Group’s external 
and internal audits and risk assessments; and  
 
reviewing of its areas of responsibility. 
12.6 
Governance Committee 
The Governance Committee, which was established in December 2019, was established within the 
Board of Directors. The main purpose of the committee is to assists the Board of Directors in 
monitoring the Group’s governance model and processes and evaluating whether they are effective 
and appropriate and have been established in the organisation in a way that ensures effective 
governance and control throughout the Group. The committee also ensures that clear and consistent 
principles are applied for reporting during the year, escalation and delegation of responsibilities. The 
Governance Committee submits recommendations to the Board for decision. 
Through the Governance Committee, more time is allocated for detailed preparations of corporate 
governance issues, including recurring reviews and evaluations of the Board’s overarching corporate

--- Page 227 ---
215 
 
 
governance principles as well as internal control and monitoring of the implementation of the Group’s 
internal rules by the subsidiaries. The Governance Committee also monitors and coordinates 
regulators’ investigations with a major impact on the Group’s operations. 
12.7 
Remuneration of the Board and Senior Executives   
For 2020, the AGM approved the following annual board fees: SEK 2,630,000 to the Chair, SEK 
885,000 to the Deputy Chair and SEK 605,000 to each of the other ordinary members. The AGM 
also approved a fee of SEK 430,000 to the Chair of the Risk and Capital Committee, SEK 250,000 to 
each ordinary member of the Risk and Capital Committee, SEK 395,000 to the Chair of the Audit 
Committee, SEK 240,000 to each ordinary member of the Audit Committee, SEK 105,000 to the 
Chair and each ordinary member of the Remuneration Committee, SEK 395,000 to the Chair of the 
Governance Committee and SEK 240,000 to each ordinary member of the Governance Committee. 
Board fees are not paid to employee representatives or persons having an employment contract with 
Swedbank. In 2020, total compensation paid to members of Swedbank’s Board and Chair, the 
President and other members of the Group Executive Committee (key management personnel) was 
SEK 117 million, compared to SEK 172 million in 2019. For additional information on compensation, 
severance payments, benefits and pension commitments for the members of the Board and Group 
Executive Management, please see note G13 in the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus.  
12.8 
Auditor 
In accordance with its Articles of Association, Swedbank shall have no less than one and no more 
than two authorised public accountants (the “Auditor”). The Auditor is appointed by the AGM after 
being nominated by the Nomination Committee. Auditing duties are normally for four years, although 
a decision may be made to replace the Auditor before the conclusion of the four-year period. At the 
2019 AGM (on March 28, 2019), PwC Sverige AB was elected as auditor for the period ending at the 
2023 AGM. The Chief Auditor is Authorised Public Accountant Anneli Granqvist, a member of FAR 
(the institute for the accountancy profession in Sweden). In 2020, the Chief Auditor reported to the 
Audit Committee on four occasions. The Auditor also participated in a Board meeting at which a 
summary of the year’s audit was presented. The Auditor also met with the Chair of the Audit 
Committee, the executive management and other operating managers on a regular basis. The 
Group’s interim reports are reviewed by the Auditor. The Sustainability report has been reviewed as 
well. 
12.9 
Corporate Governance 
 Good corporate governance means governing the Group as sustainably, effectively and responsibly 
as possible. This is important in order to maintain confidence in Swedbank beyond ensuring effective 
risk management and a sound risk and corporate culture. Good corporate governance also leads to 
efficient and transparent internal and external information disclosure. Decision-making processes 
shall be simple, systematic, transparent and have clear lines of responsibility. There have to be 
clearly defined routines to manage conflicts of interest and effective tools for internal governance, 
risk management and control. The corporate culture shall be characterised by transparency, 
compliance and risk awareness. Swedbank’s values provide a foundation for decision-making on a 
daily basis and for employees’ daily work. 
In 2020, a review was conducted of the Group’s corporate governance model, the purpose of which 
was to ensure that the Group has an effective and satisfactory model that is clear, consistent and 
aligned with current corporate governance principles. An evaluation of the boards, committee 
structures and executive managements of the Baltic subsidiaries has been conducted, in addition to

--- Page 228 ---
216 
 
 
how the Group handles potential conflicts between laws and regulations on corporate governance 
and control in Sweden and the Baltic countries. The review resulted in among other things updates 
to several key policy documents within the Group that clarify the delegation of responsibilities, roles 
and reporting lines. Furthermore, the Group’s overarching risk framework has been revised. The 
Group has also improved the process for communicating and monitoring implementation of the 
Group’s training in 2021 on corporate governance issues for decision makers in the organisation. 
The change in corporate governance is in an execution phase, with several ongoing subprojects and 
workstreams that will be fully implemented during 2021. An evaluation of the Baltic Banking 
governance structure and the general framework for governance framework is underway as well. 
On February 1, 2021, it was announced that Swedbank’s Board of Directors had decided to 
establish a Baltic subsidiary in the form of a holding company headquartered in Riga, where 
ownership of the current subsidiary banks in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania will be placed. The 
measures, which are a result of the corporate governance evaluation, strengthen both Swedbank’s 
internal governance and the Baltic subsidiary banks. The decision will not result in any changes for 
the bank’s customers in its home markets of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Sweden. 
12.10 
Annual General Meeting 
The shareholders exercise their influence through participation in the AGM. According to 
Swedbank’s Articles of Association, the AGM shall be held before the end of April, or under special 
circumstances, no later than June 30. The AGM is normally held in Stockholm. The time and location 
are published in the Group’s year-end report and on its website. The notice of the AGM is usually 
published five weeks in advance in Post och Inrikes Tidningar (the Official Swedish Gazette) and on 
the Group’s website. An announcement that the notice has been posted is also placed in several 
major Swedish newspapers. 
The 2020 AGM was held later than planned due to COVID-19. The 2020 AGM was held in 
Stockholm on May 28, 2020. A total of 873 shareholders (of whom fewer than 50 attended in 
person), representing about 56 per cent of the votes in Swedbank, were represented at the AGM. 
The Board members who were nominated for re-election and new members followed the meeting 
digitally, as did the Group Executive Committee. The Chief Auditor attended the AGM, however. On 
February 15, 2021, an extraordinary general meeting was held virtually to approve a dividend of SEK 
4.35 per share for the financial year 2019. The record date for the dividend was set for February 17, 
2021 with the dividend expected to be paid on February 22, 2021. 
The 2021 AGM is scheduled to take place on March 25, 2021 in Stockholm. 
12.11 
Nomination Committee 
The Nomination Committee is the shareholders’ governing body, which nominates Board members 
and the Auditor and proposes their fees, among other things. 
The Nomination Committee currently consists of Lennart Haglund, Ylva Wessén, Hans Sterte, 
Anders Oscarsson, Peter Karlström and Göran Persson.  
The duties of the Nomination Committee, where applicable, are to submit proposals to the following 
AGM for decisions regarding: 
 
the election of a Chair of the AGM; 
 
remuneration of the Board members and Auditors; 
 
the election of the Board members, Chair and Auditors;

--- Page 229 ---
217 
 
 
 
principles for appointing the Nomination Committee at the next AGM; and 
 
the number of Board members. 
12.12 
Shareholders 
The table below sets forth our largest shareholders as of December 31, 2020: 
Shareholder 
% of capital and 
votes 
Sparbanksgruppen  
11.04 
Folksam 
                         7.03 
Norges Bank 
4.96 
AMF Pension & Funds 
4.64 
Alecta Pension Insurance 
4.56 
Swedbank Robur Funds  
4.05 
BlackRock 
3.64 
Sparbankensstiftelser – excl Sparbanksgruppen 
3.50 
Vanguard 
2.65 
SEB Funds 
1.94 
10 largest shareholders  
48.00 
Number of shareholders  
358,422

--- Page 230 ---
218 
 
 
13. 
Regulatory Considerations 
13.1 
Banking Regulation and Supervision in Sweden 
13.1.1 The Banking and financing business  
Banks and other companies in the financial sector are subject to extensive regulation in Sweden and 
elsewhere. This section briefly describes some of the more important regulations governing 
Swedbank and its Swedish subsidiaries as well as the most important supervisory authorities. The 
information herein is current as of the date of this Prospectus. Many regulations, particularly in the 
areas of capital adequacy, large exposures, liquidity and measures in case of a credit institution’s 
financial difficulties are presently undergoing substantial changes, or have recently undergone such 
changes with resulting lack of foreseeability as to how they will be applied by the authorities. Some 
of these changes are referred to in the section titled “Risk Factors”. 
13.1.2 General  
Banking, mortgage lending, leasing and other financing business in Sweden is regulated by the 
Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw: Lagen (2004:297) om bank- och 
finansieringsrörelse) (the “BFBA”), which sets out the fundamental requirements for obtaining a 
licence, principal rules for the operations and certain modifications from the companies act that are 
applicable to banks and credit market companies. 
The Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act also requires credit institutions to conduct their 
business so as not to contribute to financial imbalances in the credit market. 
Swedbank is a public limited liability bank company and has been granted a licence from the SFSA 
to conduct banking business under the BFBA as well as, inter alia, licences to carry out a securities 
business 
under 
the 
Swedish 
Securities 
Markets 
Act 
(Sw: 
Lagen 
(2007:528) 
om 
värdepappersmarknaden) and a pension savings business under the Individual Pension Savings Act 
(Sw: Lagen (1993:931) om individuellt pensionssparande). Furthermore, in addition to Swedbank 
Mortgage, many of Swedbank’s other subsidiaries are regulated under Swedish or foreign laws 
regulating financial institutions and insurance companies, and are also subject to the supervision of 
the SFSA or the corresponding authority in other jurisdictions. 
13.1.3 Capital adequacy and liquidity  
The Swedish capital adequacy framework is based on CRR and the EU Capital Requirements 
Directive (“CRD”), which implement in the EEA the framework for capital and liquidity requirements 
intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit 
institutions (the so called “Basel III” framework) published by the Basel Committee in 2010. In 
addition, on January 13, 2011, the Basel Committee published minimum requirements for regulatory 
capital to ensure loss absorbency at the point of non-viability. 
Following the Basel III guidelines, on July 20, 2011, the European Commission published 
corresponding proposed changes at the EU level to replace the amended Capital Requirement 
Directive with two legislative instruments: a Regulation establishing prudential requirements 
institutions are required to respect and a Directive (through an amendment of Directive 2002/87/EC) 
governing the access to deposit-taking activities. The Fourth Capital Requirements Directive 
2013/36/EU (“CRD IV”) legislative package was published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on June 27, 2013. CRD IV was required to be implemented by the EU member states so as to 
apply from January 1, 2014 and the CRR applied directly in the EU member states from January 1,

--- Page 231 ---
219 
 
 
2014, in each case, with certain exceptions. Beginning January 1, 2014, the Swedish capital 
adequacy framework is based on CRR and CRD IV. As from January 1, 2014 CRR became Swedish 
law, while CRD IV was implemented in Sweden in 2014 through amendments to Swedish legislation 
and SFSA regulations. CRR and CRD IV are complemented by a set of technical standards 
developed by the EBA and adopted by the European Commission. 
CRR and CRD IV introduced significant changes in the prudential regulatory regime applicable to 
banks, including: increased minimum capital ratios; changes to the definition of capital and the 
calculation of REA; and the introduction of new measures relating to leverage, liquidity and funding. 
CRR and CRD IV permit a transitional period for certain of the enhanced capital requirements and 
certain other measures. The Swedish authorities decided however that the higher capital 
requirements resulting from the implementation of CRR and CRD IV would be implemented without 
any phasing-in period, with the only exception that capital instruments not fully compliant with CRR 
may be included in the total capital during a limited grandfathering period. Starting in 2014, Swedish 
banks have been required to report the leverage ratio to the regulator, and a formal disclosure 
requirement was introduced in the first quarter of 2015.  
The SFSA has imposed capital requirements beyond the minimum level of 7 per cent Common 
Equity Tier 1 (“CET 1”) capital (including the mandatory capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent) 
on Swedish banks, in accordance with the EU rules. In early September 2014, the SFSA decided 
which capital requirements would apply to Swedish banks beyond the minimum level of 7 per cent 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (including the mandatory capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent) in 
accordance with the EU rules. As of January 1, 2015, the three major Swedish banks, including 
Swedbank, are required to maintain a systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent in Common Equity Tier 1 
capital within the framework of Pillar 1. The countercyclical buffer rate for Swedish exposures was 
set to 1.0 per cent from September 13, 2015, was increased to 1.5 per cent from June 27, 2016 and 
was increased further to 2.0 per cent beginning March 19, 2017. In March 2020, the countercyclical 
buffer was reduced to 0.0 per cent. 
In January 2016, the SFSA reiterated that it does not intend to make formal decisions on the capital 
requirement for individual institutions in Pillar 2. As long as a formal decision has not been made, the 
capital requirement under Pillar 2 does not affect the level at which automatic restrictions on 
dividend and coupon payments on certain subordinated securities take effect (due to a breach of the 
combined buffer requirements). 
Supervisory authorities in Sweden and at the European level have made note of the major 
differences among the average risk weights institutions calculate their credit risk exposure under the 
banks’ internal rating-based (“IRB”) approach (a basis for calculating capital requirements for credit 
risk) especially as regards mortgage lending within the retail exposure class. In May 2013, the SFSA 
announced its decision to introduce a risk-weight floor of 15 per cent for the Swedish mortgage 
portfolio, which was then increased to 25 per cent in September 2014. The risk-weight floor was 
introduced as part of the SFSA’s overall capital assessment under the supervisory measures in Pillar 
2.  As of the end of 2018, the Swedish mortgage floor has been replaced with the requirement within 
the framework of Article 458 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending CRR to include the risk weight floor for Swedish mortgages in Pillar 1. This has not 
changed Swedbank’s capital requirement materially in nominal monetary terms but has affected 
Swedbank’s capital ratios and capital requirements expressed as a percentage of REA. At present, 
Swedbank has sufficient CET 1 capital to meet its capital requirements. However, no assurances 
can be made that Swedbank will continue to hold this level of CET 1 capital. 
In November 2018, the SFSA published a memorandum explaining that Swedish banks using an 
IRB approach to calculate their credit risk must analyse their risk classification systems to be

--- Page 232 ---
220 
 
 
compliant with amended guidelines produced by the European Banking Authority (the “EBA”). On 9 
July 2019 the SFSA confirmed that the EBA will delay the deadline for full compliance with the 
updated requirement to the end of 2021. Compliance with the updated requirements on the definition 
of default is still required by the end of 2020. As a result of the new guidelines, Swedbank may be 
required to hold more capital.  
In January 2020, the SFSA finalised a proposal to introduce increased capital requirements for 
commercial real-estate bank loans in the third quarter of 2020. The capital requirement consists of a 
charge in Pillar 2 that represents the difference between the bank’s average risk weights for 
commercial properties and the risk weights that the SFSA has set out. The average risk weight is 35 
per cent for commercial real-estate and 25 per cent for residential real-estate. According to the 
SFSA, Swedbank’s total capital requirement will increase by 0.7 percentage points and Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital by 0.5 percentage points. 
The leverage ratio is a new non-risk-adjusted solvency requirement introduced in Basel III. It is 
described as a backstop to the risk-based capital measures. It is intended to limit the leverage 
effects in the balance sheet of volumes that are overly large in relation to the Group’s own capital 
and to provide an extra layer of protection against model risk and measurement error. Under CRR, 
banks have been required to calculate and report their leverage ratio to regulators since January 1, 
2014 and to disclose extensive information about the ratio publicly since January 1, 2015.  
The Basel III guidelines also include liquidity standards which comprise a Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(“LCR”) and a Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”). The LCR requires banks to hold a reserve of 
liquid assets sufficient to withstand a 30-day period of liquidity stress. The NSFR rules set minimum 
requirements for matching the maturities of a bank’s funding to the maturity of its assets.  
The CRR contains provisions regarding the components of LCR and is complemented with 
Delegated Regulation 2015/61. As of January 2018, the European regulatory minimum requirement 
for the LCR on an aggregated level is set to 100 per cent. Per previously communicated Pillar 2 
requirements, the SFSA also requires banks to comply with LCR in EUR and USD at least at 100 
per cent. As of October 1, 2019, the SFSA introduced a minimum requirement in LCR SEK of 75 per 
cent, as well as limited the allowed amount of covered bonds issued by Swedish issuers as a share 
of the total liquid assets to 50 per cent, aimed at limiting potential concentration risks. Swedbank 
calculates and monitors the LCR on a daily basis. The CRR also contains provisions on the NSFR, 
which will be a binding requirement as of June 28, 2021. Swedbank regularly calculates, monitors, 
manages and publishes the NSFR and is well prepared for the implementation.  
Under the SFSA regulation on Management of Liquidity Risk in Credit Institutions and Securities 
Companies, credit institutions and securities companies must have proper procedures for identifying, 
measuring and controlling liquidity risk and must also keep a liquidity reserve adapted to the size 
and the needs of the company.  
European legislation also focuses on liquidity and funding risks in addition to the introduction of the 
LCR and the NSFR. There are separate reporting requirements on asset encumbrance, funding 
plans and additional liquidity monitoring metrics to further strengthen the information provided to 
supervisors. Furthermore, the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process is submitted to 
regulators as an additional report on systemic and institution specific risks related to liquidity and 
funding. 
Amendments to regulations 
On June 27, 2019, a series of measures referred to as the Banking Reform Package came into 
force, subject to various transitional and staged timetables. The adoption of the Banking Reform

--- Page 233 ---
221 
 
 
Package concludes a process that began in November 2016 and is a step toward the completion of 
the European post-crisis regulatory reforms, drawing on a number of international standards. 
The Banking Reform Package updates the framework of harmonized rules established after the 
financial crisis and introduces changes to CRR, CRD IV, the BRRD 2014/59/EU and the Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (“SRMR”). 
The new amendments cover multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, a binding leverage ratio 
minimum requirement of 3 per cent., restrictions to the maximum distributable amount (“MDA”) if the 
minimum requirement is breached, a binding net stable funding ratio requirement, mandatory 
restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macro 
prudential tools, the Basel Committee’s new standardised approach for measuring counterparty 
credit risk exposures, the Basel Committee’s Fundamental Review of the Trading Book, the 
framework for minimum requirement for own funds and eligible loss liabilities (“MREL”) and the 
integration of the total absorbing capacity standard into EU legislation. The new amendments were 
required to be implemented by national legislation no later than December 28, 2020. In Sweden, the 
implementation of the BRRD amendments has been delayed. Uncertainty regarding how and when 
the new amendments will impact Swedish banks is expected to remain until the legal implementation 
is complete and competent authorities have communicated how they intend to apply the new 
regulatory framework. 
In November 2020, the SFSA decided to change the capital requirements as a result of the 
amendments to the CRD IV. The O-SII buffer was previously a 2.0 per cent parallel requirement with 
the systemic risk buffer. As of December 29, 2020, the O-SII buffer was reduced to 1.0 percent and 
added on top of the systemic risk buffer. At the same time, the systemic risk charge of 2.0 per cent in 
Pillar 2 was removed. 
The SFSA intends to announce formal decisions setting the Pillar 2 requirement, which means that 
the MDA will be triggered should an institution breach its Pillar 2 requirements. Furthermore, the 
SFSA intends to provide guidance as to how much capital institutions should hold in addition to their 
Pillar 2 requirement to mitigate future financial stress.  
A leverage ratio requirement of 3.0 per cent of the leverage exposure measure will be a binding 
capital requirement by June 28, 2021. In addition, the SFSA will decide on leverage ratio guidance in 
accordance with the Pillar 2 framework to be met on top of the leverage ratio requirement. The 
leverage ratio requirement is a parallel requirement to the risk-based capital requirement. 
Requirements and guidance in accordance with the new Pillar 2 framework will be applied to 
Swedbank through the SREP in the third quarter of 2021. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published proposed amendments to the Basel III 
Framework. The proposed amendments, referred to as Basel IV, entail substantial changes and are 
expected to enter into force from January 1, 2022 with a phasing in period of five years for certain 
elements. The proposed reforms to Basel III, including the output floor of 72.5 per cent (which in 
August 2019 the EBA recommended be adopted), are expected to increase the REA and the capital 
requirements for Swedbank. The magnitude of the increase is still uncertain and will depend on how 
Swedish and European competent financial authorities choose to implement the new regulatory 
framework for European and, in particular, Swedish banks. 
13.1.4 MREL 
To ensure that banks always have sufficient loss absorbing capacity, the Swedish Resolution Act, 
which implemented the Directive 2014/59/EU (“BRRD”), provides for the Swedish resolution

--- Page 234 ---
222 
 
 
authority, the SNDO, to decide on an MREL requirement for each institution, based on, amongst 
other criteria, its size, risk and business model. 
The SNDO has determined that the MREL requirement for systemically important banks in Sweden, 
such as Swedbank, will be the sum of a loss absorption amount plus a recapitalisation amount. The 
loss absorption amount can be met with own funds instruments (CET1, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2), 
while the recapitalisation amount can only be met with eligible liabilities. 
Moreover, the SNDO has introduced a requirement that MREL Eligible Liabilities for the 
recapitalisation amount must be subordinated to senior liabilities, whether contractually, by statute or 
structurally. This subordination requirement will require the issue of new subordinated liabilities that 
meet the requirements, and which may carry higher financing costs than the liabilities which they 
replace. The SNDO has provided that Swedish banks have to meet the requirement of eligible 
liabilities in their recapitalisation amount entirely with subordinated eligible liabilities from 2024 and 
onwards. The SNDO has stated that it will monitor a bank’s issue volumes in the phase in period to 
ensure a reasonable pace of the adaption to the subordination requirement. 
In December 2020, the SNDO provided individual specifications on how Swedish banks will have to 
comply with their MREL requirements in 2021. The MREL requirement for Swedbank on a 
consolidated basis, excluding insurance, was set as 6.2 per cent. of total liabilities and own funds. 
The requirement for Swedbank on a solo basis was set as 4.4 per cent. The joint decision explicitly 
approves the Group’s resolution plan and the assessment of resolvability of the Group. The decision 
applies from December 23, 2020. As MREL is phased in as well as if MREL requirements change in 
the future, the Group may need to raise additional capital or eligible liabilities. When implemented in 
Sweden, Directive 2019/879 amending Directive No 2014/59 (“BRRD II”) may change Swedbank’s 
need for senior non-preferred instruments. Under BRRD II, a breach of the minimum requirement for 
eligible liabilities is proposed to result in restrictions on the maximum distributable amount. The exact 
details will be known when BRRD II is transposed into Swedish law. The transposition process has 
been delayed past its initial deadline of December 28, 2020, but is expected to be finalised later this 
year. 
13.1.5 Covered bond issuance  
Banks and credit market companies may be licensed to issue covered bonds under the Swedish 
Covered Bond Issuance Act (Sw: Lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer), 
which sets out the requirements for issuance of covered bonds in terms of permitted assets in the 
cover pool, valuation of real property and matching between assets and liabilities. Swedish law 
grants a priority right for the covered bond holders and derivatives counterparties over the assets in 
the pool. 
13.1.6 Foreign exchange and credit control 
The Swedish Act on Foreign Exchange and Credit Controls (Sw: Lagen (1992:1602) om valuta- och 
kreditreglering) empowers the Swedish government, following consultation with the Swedish Central 
Bank, to implement foreign exchange controls if Sweden is at war, or if there are exceptional 
conditions prevailing on account of war, risk of war, serious accident or exceptionally heavy short-
term capital movements. If foreign exchange controls have been introduced, the Swedish 
government is also entitled to implement credit controls upon request by the Swedish Central Bank. 
Any resolution implementing such controls is required to be submitted to the Swedish Parliament for 
approval within one month from the resolution. Should this not be done within the stipulated time, the 
resolution ceases to be valid.

--- Page 235 ---
223 
 
 
13.1.7 Payment services 
The Swedish Payment Services Act (Sw: Lagen (2010:751) om betaltjänster) regulates the provision 
of payment services to the public and contains, inter alia, rules on information to customers and time 
limits for payment transactions and from January 1, 2021, rules on providing certain cash services. 
13.1.8 Deposit guarantees and other consumer protection  
In order to protect depositors, Sweden has a deposit guarantee scheme regulated by the Swedish 
Act on Deposit Guarantees (Sw: Lagen (1995:1571) om insättningsgaranti). The guaranteed amount 
per saver per institution is SEK 1,050,000 (or EUR 100,000, or the local currency equivalent thereof, 
for deposits with branches of Swedish institutions located within the EEA). Under the state-provided 
guarantee, the Swedish government will compensate customers for money that they have deposited 
with Swedish banks and certain other institutions if the institution fails. The scheme is managed by 
the SNDO (Sw: Riksgälden). The Noteholders’ claims under the Notes will not benefit from the 
deposit guarantee scheme. 
Loans and other credit granted to individuals and intended for consumer purposes, including home 
loans, are covered by the Swedish Consumer Credit Act (Sw: Konsumentkreditlagen (2010:1846)). 
Some of the more important features of the act are restrictions on a lender’s right to raise interest 
rates and fees on an existing credit, restrictions on a lender’s right to terminate the loan early, and a 
right for the consumer to prepay the loan. 
Financial advice to consumers is governed by the Swedish Act on Financial Advice to Consumers 
(Sw: Lagen (2003:862) om finansiell rådgivning till konsumenter), which sets out certain 
requirements regarding competence of advisers and documentation of given advice as well as 
liability in case of careless advice. 
Furthermore, the GDPR, which entered into force in May 2018, imposes new obligations directly on 
the Group as primarily a data controller and in some cases a data processor, as well as on many of 
the Group’s customers. 
13.1.9 Money laundering and financing of terrorism 
All banks and credit market institutions based in Sweden are subject to Swedish legislation designed 
to prevent money laundering and financing of terrorism. The Swedish Act on Measures against 
Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism (Sw: Lagen (2017:630) om åtgärder mot penningtvätt 
och finansiering av terrorism) prohibits banks and credit institutions from engaging in money 
laundering activities or financing terrorism and requires those institutions to report transactions 
suspected of violating this law to the Swedish Police Authority and Swedish Security Service. 
13.1.10 Securities trading 
Securities trading is regulated by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw: Lagen (2007:528) om 
värdepappersmarknaden). In addition to stipulating requirements for obtaining a licence to conduct 
securities business, the act contains rules for investor protection and rules governing the operations 
of the securities company as well as rules on transaction reporting and trading platforms. Certain of 
the regulations mentioned under the headline “The Banking and financing business” above are 
applicable to securities companies as well.  
EMIR entered into force in all EU member states, including Sweden, on August 16, 2012. EMIR aims 
to increase stability and transparency in European OTC derivatives markets and includes measures 
to require the clearing of certain OTC derivatives contracts through central clearing counterparties,

--- Page 236 ---
224 
 
 
reporting of derivatives and risk mitigation techniques (including margin requirements) for uncleared 
OTC derivative contracts. A number of EMIR implementing measures have already been adopted 
but there may be further changes introduced by way of further implementing measures (such as a 
requirement to clear further classes of OTC derivative contracts). EMIR itself was amended in 2019 
with what is widely referred to as the EMIR Refit Regulation and is scheduled to be further updated.  
13.1.11 Asset management 
Fund management is governed by the Swedish Securities Funds Act (Sw: Lagen (2004:46) om 
värdepappersfonder) which contains basic requirements to obtain a fund management licence as 
well as extensive regulation regarding management of the assets of a fund. Certain of the 
regulations mentioned under the headline “The Banking and financing business” above are 
applicable to fund managers as well.  
13.1.12 Insurance 
Insurance 
business 
is 
governed 
by 
the 
Swedish 
Insurance 
Business 
Act 
(Sw: 
Försäkringsrörelselagen (2010:2043)), which sets out the rules under which a licence can be 
obtained to conduct insurance business. This act also contains corporate rules and regulations 
pertaining to the operations. Swedbank’s insurance business is also subject to capital requirements 
under the Solvency II Directive (2009/138/EC). 
13.1.13 Supervision 
The SFSA is the supervisory authority for financial and insurance institutions in Sweden. The SFSA 
issues regulations and supervises the operations of financial institutions with regard to, inter alia, 
capital adequacy and large exposures, liquidity, accounting, governance structures, risk control, 
consumer protection and procedures for the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing. 
The SFSA is empowered with a range of tools to facilitate its supervision, including the right to 
perform site visits and to interview the employees of an institution under its supervision. Should the 
SFSA conclude that the operations of an institution are not sound or that the institution is otherwise 
breaching laws or regulations, it may impose administrative sanctions on the institution, such as 
disciplinary reprimands, warnings, fines and ultimately revoking its licence to operate. 
The Swedish Central Bank, which is accountable to the Swedish Parliament, sets monetary policy, is 
responsible for the execution of Sweden’s foreign exchange rate policy, administers Sweden’s 
currency reserves and, under certain circumstances, is empowered and ready to act as lender of last 
resort to the banks. It also handles the clearing arrangements between the banks. 
13.1.14 Mortgage Regulation 
The Basel Committee has recommended an international standard of 35 per cent risk weight for 
residential mortgages. In 2014, the SFSA raised the Pillar 2 risk weight requirements for residential 
mortgages to 25 per cent from 15 per cent. In June 2016 the SFSA introduced tighter amortisation 
requirements, which has led to a less active real estate market and housing prices started to 
decrease at the end of 2017, following a long period of high prices. Annual repayment on mortgages 
of at least two per cent will be made on loans until they reach a 70 per cent loan to value (“LTV”) 
ratio and thereafter annual repayments of at least one per cent will be paid until loans reach a 50 per 
cent LTV ratio. In March 2018, the SFSA introduced a further tightening of the amortisation 
requirement. This requires that all new homeowners who borrow more than 4.5 times their gross 
income (i.e., income before taxes) repay one percentage point more of the mortgage loan per year 
than they would have to prior to these amendments. This tightening applies in addition to already

--- Page 237 ---
225 
 
 
existing amortisation rules. At the end of 2018, the SFSA decided to move the risk weight 
requirements of 25 per cent for residential mortgage exposures from Pillar 2 to Pillar 1.  
In December 2020, total mortgage lending to households in Sweden grew at an annual rate of 5.9 
per cent compared to 4.9 per cent for the full year of 2019. According to Valueguard, housing prices 
increased by 1.7 per cent during December 2020 compared to the end of September 2020. In 
annual terms, housing prices increased by 11.5 per cent. In all four of Swedbank’s home markets, 
special COVID-19 moratoria were in force until September 30, 2020. During the months leading up 
to May 2020, there were increasing applications for relief under such moratoria, which then 
decreased for the remainder of the period. These moratoria will end no later than one year from the 
end of the SFSA’s amortisation deferral program.  
In April 2020, the SFSA introduced the possibility for Swedish banks to approve a temporary private 
mortgage amortisation deferral on mortgage loans. The SFSA has announced that the temporary 
exemption from the Swedish private mortgage amortisation requirements will end as of August 31, 
2021. Around 10% of Swedbank’s private borrowers applied, and were granted temporary 
amortisation deferrals, mainly in the first half of 2020. 
13.1.15 The Resolution Act and the Act on Preventative Government Support to Credit Institutions 
On July 2, 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms entered into force, the “BRRD”. 
The BRRD is intended to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the 
economy and financial system. On February 1, 2016, the BRRD was implemented in Sweden by the 
entry into force of the Resolution Act (Sw. lagen (2015:1016) om resolution). 
A credit institution can be placed into resolution by the SNDO (the “resolution authority”) if (a) the 
SFSA has determined that the institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there are no alternative 
measures which would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a 
resolution action is necessary in the public interest. The Resolution Act contains four resolution tools 
and powers which may be used alone or in combination. The resolution tools are: (i) sale of 
business, which enables the resolution authority to direct the sale of the institution or the whole or 
part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) in order to enable continuation of critical businesses, 
transfer all or part of the assets or liabilities of the institution to a "bridge institution" (an entity created 
for this purpose that is wholly or partially publicly owned); (iii) asset separation, which enables the 
resolution authority to transfer assets, rights or liabilities to one or more asset management vehicles, 
wholly or partially publicly owned, to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value 
through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this tool may only be used together with another 
resolution tool); and (iv) bail-in, which gives the resolution authority the power to write down certain 
claims of unsecured creditors (including the Notes) of a failing institution and to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims, including the Notes, in to equity (the “general bail-in tool”), which equity 
could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. In addition, the resolution 
authority has, amongst others, the power to: (i) stop payments from the institution under resolution; 
(ii) take action to prevent creditors and other counterparties of the institution from terminating 
contracts early or executing set-off or netting arrangements; and (iii) to vary the maturity, the interest 
rate and the interest payment date of the relevant unsecured debt claims (including the Notes). 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its obligations to the extent that its authorisation should be withdrawn; the value of its 
assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near

--- Page 238 ---
226 
 
 
future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires public financial support (with some 
exceptions listed in the Resolution Act). 
In addition to the resolution tools (such as the general bail-in tool), the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity tier 1 capital 
instruments and tier 2 capital instruments at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution 
action is taken (“non-viability loss absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of such capital 
instruments upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any future cancellation, 
transfer or dilution. This power will be extended to include external eligible liabilities (such as the 
Notes) if used in combination with a resolution power once BRRD II is implemented (the national 
implementation deadline, which was originally scheduled for December 28, 2020 has now been 
postponed until early July 2021).  
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and utilised the 
above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be 
able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. 
These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such 
extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
For a discussion on how the Resolution Act may affect the Group and the Notes, see “Risk 
Factors—Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Financial Situation—Swedbank or its financial institution 
subsidiaries may need additional capital and/or eligible liabilities in the future to maintain capital 
adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be difficult to obtain such capital and/or liabilities” 
and “–Risks Relating to Macro-economic and Political Events—The Group’s business is subject to 
substantial regulation and supervision and can be adversely affected by adverse regulatory, taxation 
and governmental developments” and “Risk Factors—General Risks Relating to Notes—The Notes 
may be subject to write-down or conversion into ordinary shares of Swedbank”. 
Also on February 1, 2016, the Act on Preventative Government Support to Credit Institutions (Sw. 
lagen (2015:1017) om förebyggande statligt stöd till kreditinstitut) entered into force. This act 
enables the authorities to give government support to credit institutions at an earlier stage than a 
point in time when the Resolution Act would apply. In addition, this act stipulates the setting up of a 
stability fund for the purpose of financing preventive action under the act as well as actions taken 
under the Resolution Act. 
13.2 
Banking Regulation and Supervision in the United States 
In the United States, passage of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
of 2010 (the “Dodd Frank Act”) has led to significant regulatory reforms affecting the financial 
services industry, including non-U.S. banks. Among other things, the Dodd Frank Act addresses 
systemic risk oversight, bank capital standards, the orderly liquidation of failing systemically 
important financial institutions, over the counter (“OTC”) derivatives, increases oversight of credit 
rating agencies and regulates the ability of banking entities to engage as principal in proprietary 
trading activities and sponsor and invest in certain private funds (the “Volcker Rule”). The Dodd 
Frank Act and other post-financial crisis regulatory reforms in the United States have increased 
costs, imposed limitations on activities, and resulted in an increased intensity in regulatory 
enforcement. 
In particular, in December 2013, the U.S. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the 
“U.S. Federal Reserve”) and four other U.S. federal regulatory agencies issued final regulations 
implementing the Volcker Rule, which restricts banking entities (including Swedbank and all of its 
global affiliates) from engaging, as principal, in proprietary trading and from sponsoring or holding 
ownership interests in or having certain relationships with hedge, private equity or other similar funds

--- Page 239 ---
227 
 
 
(“covered funds”), subject to certain exceptions and exclusions. Swedbank has brought its activities 
and investments into compliance and has implemented a specific compliance programme. Further 
implementation efforts may be necessary based on subsequent regulatory interpretations, guidelines 
or examinations. On August 20, 2019, the relevant U.S. federal agencies finalised a rulemaking that 
amended, in part, certain of the proprietary trading provisions under the Volcker Rule. In addition, on 
January 30, 2020, the relevant U.S. federal agencies released a notice of proposed rulemaking to 
amend certain parts of the Volcker Rule’s covered fund-related restrictions. The proposed changes 
were intended to improve and streamline certain aspects of the covered funds portion of the Volcker 
Rule. The rule was finalised in June 2020. 
Additionally, on October 21 and 22, 2014, the SEC, the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, 
the U.S. Federal Reserve and certain other U.S. prudential banking regulators approved a final rule 
that mandates risk retention for securitisations. The final rule requires (with limited exceptions) that 
the sponsor maintain, unhedged, a minimum of 5 per cent. of the credit risk of the securitised assets 
and became effective with respect to mortgage backed securitisations on 24 December 2015 and 
with respect to other securitisations on December 24, 2016.  
While most of the regulations required under the Dodd Frank Act have been adopted, certain of 
these regulations are not yet effective and have not yet been finalised. There is uncertainty 
regarding the nature, scope and timing of additional regulations that are required under the Dodd 
Frank Act but which have yet to be promulgated, and in 2018 the U.S. passed legislation which 
scaled back the scope of the Dodd Frank Act. As a result, the full effect on Swedbank or its affiliates 
will not be known until all of the implementing regulations have been adopted. The current 
administration in the United States adds to the uncertainty about the complete scope of the Dodd 
Frank Act and other U.S. regulations. 
In addition, Title VII of the Dodd Frank Act (“Title VII”), as well as other post financial crisis regulatory 
reforms in the U.S., have increased costs, imposed limitations on activities and resulted in an 
increased intensity in regulatory enforcement. Title VII established a comprehensive U.S. regulatory 
regime for derivatives, contracts, including swaps, security-based swaps and mixed swaps 
(“Covered Swaps”). Among other things Title VII provides the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission and the SEC with jurisdiction and regulatory authority over Covered Swaps, requires 
the establishment of a comprehensive registration and regulatory framework applicable to Covered 
Swaps counterparties, such as swap dealers, major swap participants, security based swap dealers 
and/or major security based swap participants, requires the reporting of Covered Swaps data, 
requires certain swaps and will require certain security based swaps to be exchange traded or 
executed on a swap execution facility or security based swap execution facility, as applicable, and 
centrally cleared, and imposes capital requirements and margin requirements for uncleared Covered 
Swap transactions. 
Many of the key regulations implementing Title VII have recently become effective or are in final 
form, although some continue to be in a proposed form not yet finalised by the appropriate regulator. 
However, the interpretation and potential impact of these regulations is not yet entirely clear, and 
certain other key regulations, particularly with respect to security-based swaps, are yet to be 
finalised or made effective. Due to this uncertainty, a complete assessment of the exact effects of 
Title VII cannot be made at this time.

--- Page 240 ---
228 
 
 
14. 
Taxation 
14.1 
United States Taxation 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) (other than “FATCA 
Withholding” which applies to all holders). This summary does not address the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of every type of Note which may be issued under the Programme, such as Notes 
with a term of more than 30 years or with certain contingent payment features, and additional or 
modified disclosure concerning certain U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such type 
of Note may be provided, as appropriate. This summary deals only with purchasers of Notes that are 
U.S. Holders and that will hold the Notes as capital assets. The discussion does not cover all 
aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to, or the actual tax effect that any of 
the matters described herein will have on, the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes by 
particular investors, and does not address U.S. state, local, non-U.S. or other tax laws (including 
estate or gift tax, the alternative minimum tax or Medicare tax on net investment income). This 
summary also does not discuss all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to certain types of 
investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as financial 
institutions, insurance companies, individual retirement accounts and other tax-deferred accounts, 
tax-exempt organisations, dealers in securities or currencies, investors that will hold the Notes as 
part of straddles, hedging transactions or conversion transactions for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income 
with respect to the Notes being taken into account in an applicable financial statement, persons that 
have ceased to be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents of the United States, investors holding 
the Notes in connection with a trade or business conducted outside of the United States, U.S. 
citizens or lawful permanent residents living abroad or investors whose functional currency is not the 
U.S. dollar). 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Notes that is, for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation 
created or organised under the laws of the United States or any state thereof including the District of 
Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to 
its source or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over 
the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all 
substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has validly elected to be treated as a domestic trust for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in an entity or arrangement treated as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes that holds Notes will depend on the status of the 
partner and the activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are entities or 
arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes should consult their tax 
adviser concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them and their partners of the 
acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes by the partnership. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the United States including the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”), its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations 
thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, all as of the date hereof and all subject to change 
at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. 
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. ALL PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD CONSULT 
THEIR TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF

--- Page 241 ---
229 
 
 
ACQUIRING, OWNING AND DISPOSING THE NOTES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND 
EFFECT OF U.S. STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE 
CHANGES IN TAX LAW. 
14.1.1 Payments of Interest 
14.1.1.1 
General 
Interest on a Note, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a currency, composite currency or basket of 
currencies other than U.S. dollars (a “foreign currency”), other than interest on a “Discount Note” that 
is not “qualified stated interest” (each as defined below under “Original Issue Discount—General”) 
and subject to any reduction on account of amortisable bond premium (as discussed below under 
"Notes Purchased at a Premium", will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time it is 
received or accrued, depending on such holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. Interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes and original issue discount (“OID”), if any, 
accrued with respect to the Notes (as described below under “Original Issue Discount”) generally will 
constitute income from sources outside the United States. Prospective purchasers should consult 
their tax advisers concerning the applicability of the foreign tax credit and source of income rules to 
income attributable to the Notes. 
14.1.2 Original Issue Discount 
14.1.2.1 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Notes issued with OID. The following summary does not discuss Notes that are characterised as 
contingent payment debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
A Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a “Short-Term Note”), will be treated as 
issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price at maturity” 
over its issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent of the Note’s stated 
redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). An 
obligation that provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before 
maturity (an “instalment obligation”) will be treated as a Discount Note if the excess of the Note’s 
stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent of the 
Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Note. A 
Note’s weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined for each payment 
on a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years from 
the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the 
amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Note’s stated redemption price at 
maturity. Generally, the issue price of a Note will be the first price at which a substantial amount of 
Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, 
brokers, or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents 
or wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments 
provided by the Note that are not payments of “qualified stated interest”. A qualified stated interest 
payment generally is any one of a series of stated interest payments on a Note that are 
unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates 
paid during some periods), or a variable rate (in the circumstances described below under “Variable 
Interest Rate Notes”), applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Note. Solely for the 
purposes of determining whether a Note has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call 
option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the Note, and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to 
exercise any put option that has the effect of increasing the yield on the Note.

--- Page 242 ---
230 
 
 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method 
before the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income 
increasingly greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID 
includible in income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with 
respect to the Discount Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on 
which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Note. The daily portion is determined by allocating to each 
day in any “accrual period” a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual 
periods with respect to a Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in 
length over the term of the Note as long as (i) no accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each 
scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs on either the final or first day of an 
accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of (a) the 
product of the Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the 
Discount Note’s yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each 
accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the 
payments of qualified stated interest on the Note allocable to the accrual period. The “adjusted issue 
price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the Note 
increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the 
amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest 
payments. 
14.1.2.2 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all 
amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated 
interest, but in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being “acquisition premium”) and 
that does not make the election described below under “Election to Treat All Interest as Original 
Issue Discount”, is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which 
is the excess of the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note immediately after its purchase over 
the Note’s adjusted issue price and the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts 
payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over 
the Note’s adjusted issue price.  
14.1.2.3 
Short-Term Notes 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to 
accrue OID (as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes unless it elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income 
as the interest is received). Accrual basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required 
to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes on a straight-line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the 
constant-yield method (based on daily compounding). In the case of a U.S. Holder not required and 
not electing to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on the sale or retirement of the 
Short-Term Note will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line basis 
(unless an election is made to accrue the OID under the constant-yield method) through the date of 
sale or retirement. U.S. Holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term 
Notes will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Notes 
in an amount not exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realised.  
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a 
Short-Term Note are included in the Short-Term Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. 
Holder may elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had been 
originally issued to the U.S. Holder at the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Short-Term Note. This 
election will apply to all obligations with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on

--- Page 243 ---
231 
 
 
or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies, and may not be revoked 
without the consent of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). 
14.1.2.4 
Fungible Issue  
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of outstanding Notes, issue additional Notes with 
identical terms. These additional Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the 
same series as the original Notes, in some cases may be treated as a separate series for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. In such a case, among other things, the additional Notes may be 
considered to have been issued with OID even if the original Notes had no OID, or the additional 
Notes may have a greater amount of OID than the original Notes. These differences may affect the 
market value of the original Notes if the additional Notes are not otherwise distinguishable from the 
original Notes. 
14.1.2.5 
Market Discount 
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note, generally will be treated as purchased at a market discount (a 
“Market Discount Note”) if the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a Discount 
Note, the Note’s “revised issue price”, exceeds the amount for which the U.S. Holder purchased the 
Note by at least 0.25 per cent of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or revised issue 
price, respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the Note’s maturity (or, in the case 
of a Note that is an instalment obligation, the Note’s weighted average maturity). If this excess is not 
sufficient to cause the Note to be a Market Discount Note, then the excess constitutes “de minimis 
market discount”. For this purpose, the “revised issue price” of a Note generally equals its issue 
price, increased by the amount of any OID that has accrued on the Note and decreased by the 
amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest 
payments. 
Any gain recognised on the sale or retirement of a Market Discount Note (including any payment on 
a Note that is not qualified stated interest) generally will be treated as ordinary income to the extent 
of the accrued market discount on the Note. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note 
may avoid such treatment by electing to include market discount in income currently over the life of 
the Note. This election applies to all debt instruments with market discount acquired by the electing 
U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies. This 
election may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note that does not elect to include market discount in income 
currently may be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or 
carry a Market Discount Note. Such interest is deductible when paid or incurred to the extent of 
interest (including OID) from the Note for the year. If the interest expense exceeds such income, 
such excess is currently deductible only to the extent that such excess exceeds the portion of the 
market discount allocable to the days during the taxable year on which such Note was held by the 
U.S. Holder. 
Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the 
market discount on a constant-yield method. This election applies only to the Market Discount Note 
with respect to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
14.1.2.6 
Variable Interest Rate Notes 
Notes that provide for interest at variable rates (“Variable Interest Rate Notes”) generally will bear 
interest at a “qualified floating rate” and thus will be treated as “variable rate debt instruments” under 
United States Treasury regulations governing accrual of OID. A Variable Interest Rate Note will

--- Page 244 ---
232 
 
 
qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument” if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total 
noncontingent principal payments due under the Variable Interest Rate Note by more than a 
specified de minimis amount, (b) it provides for stated interest, paid or compounded at least 
annually, at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified 
floating rates, (iii) a single objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a 
qualified inverse floating rate, and (c) it does not provide for any principal payments that are 
contingent (other than as described in (a) above). 
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably 
be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the 
currency in which the Variable Interest Rate Note is denominated. A fixed multiple of a qualified 
floating rate will constitute a qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not 
more than 1.35. A variable rate equal to the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple 
that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also 
constitute a qualified floating rate. In addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can 
reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values throughout the term of the Variable 
Interest Rate Note (e.g., two or more qualified floating rates with values within 25 basis points of 
each other as determined on the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date) will be treated as a single 
qualified floating rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate that would otherwise constitute 
a qualified floating rate but which is subject to one or more restrictions such as a maximum 
numerical limitation (i.e., a cap) or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e., a floor) may, under certain 
circumstances, fail to be treated as a qualified floating rate. 
Under proposed U.S. Treasury regulations, Notes referencing a benchmark rate that are treated as 
having a qualified floating rate for purposes of the above will not fail to be so treated merely because 
the terms of the Notes provide for a replacement of the benchmark rate in the case of a Benchmark 
Event or Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable. In particular, under such proposed regulations, 
the benchmark referencing rate and the replacement rate are treated as a single qualified rate. 
Taxpayers may rely on the proposed regulations until final regulations adopting these rules are 
published in the Federal Register. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the 
consequences to them of the potential occurrence of a Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition 
Event, as applicable. 
An “objective rate” is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a 
single fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g., one or 
more qualified floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate will not qualify 
as an objective rate if it is based on information that is within the control of the Issuer (or a related 
party) or that is unique to the circumstances of the Issuer (or a related party), such as dividends, 
profits or the value of the Issuer’s stock (although a rate does not fail to be an objective rate merely 
because it is based on the credit quality of the Issuer). Other variable interest rates may be treated 
as objective rates if so designated by the IRS in the future. Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of 
interest on a Variable Interest Rate Note will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably 
expected that the average value of the rate during the first half of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s 
term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate 
during the final half of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term. A “qualified inverse floating rate” is any 
objective rate where the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, as long as 
variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in 
the qualified floating rate. If a Variable Interest Rate Note provides for stated interest at a fixed rate 
for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating 
rate or an objective rate for a subsequent period and if the variable rate on the Variable Interest Rate 
Note’s issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the value of the variable rate on the 
issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points), then the

--- Page 245 ---
233 
 
 
fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute either a single qualified floating rate or 
objective rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must 
be set at a “current value” of that rate. A “current value” of a rate is the value of the rate on any day 
that is no earlier than 3 months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than 
1 year following that first day. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating 
rate or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a “variable rate debt 
instrument”, then any stated interest on the Note which is unconditionally payable in cash or property 
(other than debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified stated interest 
and will be taxed accordingly. Thus, a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at 
either a single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof and that 
qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” generally will not be treated as having been issued with 
OID unless the Variable Interest Rate Note is issued at a “true” discount (i.e., at a price below the 
Note’s stated principal amount) equal to or in excess of a specified de minimis amount. OID on a 
Variable Interest Rate Note arising from “true” discount is allocated to an accrual period using the 
constant yield method described above by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) 
in the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue 
date, of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective 
rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably 
expected for the Variable Interest Rate Note. 
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” 
will be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the 
amount and accrual of OID and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Note. Such a 
Variable Interest Rate Note must be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by 
substituting any qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms 
of the Variable Interest Rate Note with a fixed rate equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date. 
Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided for under the terms of the 
Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably 
expected for the Variable Interest Rate Note. In the case of a Variable Interest Rate Note that 
qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” and provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in 
addition to either one or more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate 
is initially converted into a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Variable 
Interest Rate Note provides for a qualified inverse floating rate). Under these circumstances, the 
qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that 
the fair market value of the Variable Interest Rate Note as of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue 
date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument 
that provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed 
rate. Subsequent to converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse 
floating rate, the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt 
instrument in the manner described above. 
Once the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument 
pursuant to the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are 
determined for the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the 
“equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument and a U.S. Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Note will 
account for the OID and qualified stated interest as if the U.S. Holder held the “equivalent” fixed rate 
debt instrument. In each accrual period, appropriate adjustments will be made to the amount of 
qualified stated interest or OID assumed to have been accrued or paid with respect to the

--- Page 246 ---
234 
 
 
“equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in the event that these amounts differ from the actual amount 
of interest accrued or paid on the Variable Interest Rate Note during the accrual period.  
If a Variable Interest Rate Note, such as a Note the payments on which are determined by reference 
to an index, does not qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then the Variable Interest Rate 
Note will be treated as a contingent payment debt obligation. Additional or modified disclosure 
concerning proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of Variable Interest Rate Notes that are treated 
as contingent payment debt obligations may be provided, as applicable. 
14.1.3 Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a 
Discount Note, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as “amortisable 
bond premium”, in which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder’s income each 
year with respect to interest on the Note will be reduced by the amount of amortisable bond premium 
allocable (based on the Note’s yield to maturity) to that year. Any election to amortise bond premium 
will apply to all bonds (other than bonds the interest on which is excludable from gross income for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year 
to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable without the 
consent of the IRS. See also “Original Issue Discount—Election to Treat All Interest as Original 
Issue Discount”. 
14.1.4 Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the 
constant-yield method described above under “Original Issue Discount — General,” with certain 
modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, 
market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable 
bond premium (described above under “Notes Purchased at a Premium”) or acquisition premium. 
This election generally will apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and may not be 
revoked without the consent of the IRS. If the election to apply the constant-yield method to all 
interest on a Note is made with respect to a Market Discount Note, the electing U.S. Holder will be 
treated as having made the election discussed above under “Original Issue Discount—Market 
Discount” to include market discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments having 
market discount that are acquired on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the 
election applies. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the propriety and 
consequences of this election. 
14.1.5 Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition Event 
If a Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable, occurs, a U.S. Holder holding 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark or screen rate, including LIBOR, EURIBOR, and any 
other IBOR, may be deemed to exchange such Notes for new notes under Section 1001 of the 
Code, which may be taxable to such U.S. Holder. Recently released proposed U.S. Treasury 
Regulations, which are not yet in effect but upon which taxpayers may rely, provide that in certain 
circumstances, the replacement of a benchmark or screen rate with a qualifying reference rate would 
not result in a deemed exchange under Section 1001 of the Code. U.S. Holders should consult with 
their own tax advisers regarding the potential consequences of a Benchmark Event or Benchmark 
Transition Event, as applicable.

--- Page 247 ---
235 
 
 
14.1.6 Sale or Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the 
difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax 
basis of the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will be its cost, increased by 
the amount of any OID or market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the 
Note and the amount, if any, of income attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market 
discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note, and reduced by (i) the 
amount of any payments that are not qualified stated interest payments, and (ii) the amount of any 
amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest on the Note. The amount realised does not 
include the amount attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable as interest 
income to the extent not previously included in income. Except to the extent described above under 
“Original Issue Discount — Market Discount” or “Original Issue Discount — Short Term Notes” or 
attributable to changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss recognised on the sale 
or retirement of a Note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. 
Holder’s holding period in the Notes exceeds one year.  
Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. 
source.  
14.1.7 Foreign Currency Notes 
14.1.7.1 
Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the 
amount of income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest 
payment, based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the 
payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.  
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an 
interest payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance 
with either of two methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on 
the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual 
period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year).  
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on 
the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an 
accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of 
the period within the taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within 
five business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may 
instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of 
actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the 
beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. 
Holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.  
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest 
upon the sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, the accrual basis U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable 
as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into 
U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of 
whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars.

--- Page 248 ---
236 
 
 
14.1.7.2 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference 
to, a foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars 
in the same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above. 
Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Note or 
a sale or disposition of the Note), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss 
(taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, 
regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
14.1.7.3 
Market Discount  
Market discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, 
will be accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income 
currently, the accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange 
rate for the accrual period (or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year). Upon the receipt 
of an amount attributable to accrued market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source 
exchange gain or loss (which will be taxable as ordinary income or loss) determined in the same 
manner as for accrued interest or OID. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to include market discount 
in income currently will recognise, upon the sale or retirement of the Note, the U.S. dollar value of 
the amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate on that date, and no part of this accrued market 
discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
14.1.7.4 
Bond Premium  
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such 
bond premium that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income (or OID) in units of the 
foreign currency. On the date bond premium offsets interest income (or OID), a U.S. Holder may 
recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the 
amount offset multiplied by the difference between the spot rate in effect on the date of the offset, 
and the spot rate in effect on the date the Notes were acquired by the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder 
that does not elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into account currently will 
recognise a market loss when the Note matures. 
14.1.7.5 
Sale or Retirement  
As discussed above under “Sale or Retirement of Notes”, a U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain 
or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference between the amount realised on 
the sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Note, in each case as determined in U.S. dollars. U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers about how to account for proceeds on the sale or 
retirement of a Note that are not paid in U.S. dollars. 
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) 
on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar values of 
the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Note (as adjusted for amortised bond premium, if any) (i) on 
the date of sale or retirement and (ii) the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Any such 
exchange rate gain or loss will be realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the sale 
or retirement (including any exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid 
interest or OID).

--- Page 249 ---
237 
 
 
14.1.7.6 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a tax 
basis equal to its U.S. dollar value at the time the foreign currency is received. Foreign currency that 
is purchased generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency on 
the date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency 
(including its use to purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary 
income or loss. 
14.1.8 Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
In general, payments of principal and interest and accruals of OID on, and the proceeds of a sale or 
retirement of, the Notes, by a U.S. paying agent or other U.S. intermediary, will be reported to the 
IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable regulations. Backup withholding will 
apply to these payments, including payments of accrued OID, if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an 
accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status or otherwise fails to comply 
with applicable certification requirements. Certain U.S. Holders are not subject to backup 
withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers about these rules and any other reporting 
obligations that may apply to the ownership or disposition of Notes, including requirements related to 
the holding of certain foreign financial assets. 
14.1.9 Reportable Transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a “reportable transaction” will be required to disclose its 
participation to the IRS. Under the relevant rules, if the Notes are denominated in a foreign currency, 
a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a 
reportable transaction if this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the regulations (U.S.$50,000 in a 
single taxable year, if the U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for other non-
individual U.S. Holders), and to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. A penalty in 
the amount of U.S.$10,000 in the case of a natural person and U.S.$50,000 in all other cases 
generally is imposed on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with 
respect to a transaction resulting in a loss that is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective 
purchasers are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these rules. 
14.1.10 FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly 
known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or 
related requirements. The issuer believes that it is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A 
number of jurisdictions (including Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (each an “IGA”), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of 
these rules to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are not 
clear at this time. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide 
that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the 
preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may 
rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Notes that 
have a fixed term and are not treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru

--- Page 250 ---
238 
 
 
payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes 
of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as 
described under “Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from these 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding. 
14.2 
Swedish Taxation 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences to holders of Notes who are not 
residents of Sweden for income tax purposes. Purchasers are urged to consult their professional 
advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding or transferring Notes. 
Under Swedish law as presently in effect, payments of any principal or any amount that is 
considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to the holder of any Note will not be subject to 
Swedish income tax, provided that such holder is neither (i) resident in Sweden for tax purposes nor 
(ii) engaged in trade or business in Sweden through a permanent establishment to which the Notes 
are effectively connected.  
Swedish law, as presently in effect, does not provide for deduction or withholding for or on account 
of taxes on payments of any principal or interest to the holder of any Notes, except on payment of 
interest, and any other yield on any Notes which is paid at the same time as interest, to a holder of 
Notes who is a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with tax residence in 
Sweden. 
14.3 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On February 14, 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating member states”). However, Estonia 
has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating member states. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating member states. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU member states may decide to participate.

--- Page 251 ---
239 
 
 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 252 ---
240 
 
 
15. 
ERISA Considerations  
The Notes are generally eligible for purchase by employee benefit plans subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), and/or the prohibited transaction rules of 
section 4975 of the Code (collectively, “Plans”) and by governmental or church plans or non-U.S. 
employee benefit plans that are subject to federal, state or local laws of the United States or non-
U.S. laws that are substantially similar to section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code (“Similar 
Law”), subject to consideration of the issues described in this section.  
Section 406 of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets 
of a Plan and any fiduciary, service provider or other person having certain relationships to such 
Plan (each is referred to as a party in interest or disqualified person), unless a statutory or 
administrative exemption applies to the transaction. A party in interest or disqualified person, 
including a Plan fiduciary, who engages in a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be subject to 
excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. 
The Issuer, the Dealers or any other party to the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by any Final Terms may be parties in interest or disqualified persons with respect to 
many Plans from time to time. Prohibited transactions under ERISA or section 4975 of the Code may 
arise if any of the Notes is acquired or held by a Plan with respect to which the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Dealers or any other party to such transactions is a party in interest or a disqualified person. The 
Notes should not be acquired or held by any such Plan unless an exemption from such prohibited 
transaction rules applies, or by any governmental, church or non-U.S. plan subject to Similar Law 
unless the acquisition, holding and disposition of a Note (or any interest therein) will not result in any 
violation of Similar Law. 
Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and section 4975 of the 
Code may apply, depending in part on the Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire any Notes 
and the circumstances under which such decision is made. Included among these exemptions are 
section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to a transaction in which 
a Plan pays no more and receives no less than adequate consideration and involving a party in 
interest solely by reason of services provided to the Plan and neither it nor any of its affiliates is 
acting as a fiduciary with respect to assets involved in the transaction), Prohibited Transaction Class 
Exemption (“PTCE”) 91-38 (relating to investments by bank collective investment funds), PTCE 84-
14 (relating to transactions effected by a qualified professional asset manager), PTCE 95-60 
(relating to transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTCE 90-1 (relating to 
investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (relating to 
transactions determined by in-house asset managers). There are no assurances that any of these 
exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any particular transaction 
involving any Notes. 
Governmental plans (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not 
subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of 
section 406 of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to Similar Law.  
Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with their counsel before purchasing the Notes to 
determine the need for, if necessary, and the availability of, any exemptive relief under any Similar 
Law. 
The U.S. Department of Labor has promulgated a regulation, 29 C.F.R. section 2510.3-101, as 
modified by section 3(42) of ERISA (the “Plan Asset Regulation”) describing what constitutes the

--- Page 253 ---
241 
 
 
assets of a Plan for purposes of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. Under the Plan Asset 
Regulation, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity, the Plan’s assets include both the 
equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity’s underlying assets, unless the Issuer 
qualifies as an “operating company” or another exception described in the Plan Asset Regulation 
applies. An “operating company” is a company that is primarily engaged in the production or sale of 
a product or service (other than the investment of capital) directly or through one or more majority-
owned subsidiaries. Further, a security which is in the form of debt may be considered an equity 
interest under the Plan Asset Regulation if it has substantial equity features. If any of the Notes have 
substantial equity features and the Issuer was deemed under the Plan Asset Regulation to hold plan 
assets by reason of a Plan’s investment in such Notes, the Issuer and an undivided interest in its 
underlying assets would be subject to the fiduciary standards of ERISA and the prohibited 
transaction rules of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. While there is little pertinent authority in 
this area and no assurance can be given, the Issuer believes that the Notes should not be treated as 
equity interests for the purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation and the Issuer currently qualifies as an 
operating company. 
Each of the Issuer, the Dealers or any other party to the transactions contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by any Final Terms has its own interests in the offering and sale of Notes 
and related transactions, which differ from the interests of any Plan or other plan subject to Similar 
Law considering the acquisition or holding of Notes, and such interests generally are disclosed in 
this Base Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms and related documents. Any person that, for any 
direct or indirect compensation, provides investment advice within the meaning of ERISA in 
connection with the acquisition, holding or disposition of a Note by any Plan might be treated as a 
fiduciary to the Plan. Each of the Issuer, the Dealers or other transaction parties, as well as their 
respective directors, officers, employees or agents are not authorised to, have not provided and do 
not undertake to provide any investment advice or advice in any fiduciary capacity to any Plan or any 
fiduciary, representative or agent thereof. 
Each fiduciary who is responsible for making the investment decisions whether to purchase or 
commit to purchase and to hold any of the Notes with assets of any Plan or any governmental, 
church or non-U.S. plan should consult with its counsel to confirm that such investment will not result 
in a non-exempt prohibited transaction and will satisfy the other applicable requirements of ERISA, 
the Code or Similar Law. 
Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Note or any interest therein will be deemed by 
such purchase or acquisition of any such Note or any interest therein to have represented and 
warranted, on each day from the date on which the purchaser or transferee acquires such Note or 
any interest therein to and including the date on which the purchaser or transferee disposes of such 
Note or any interest therein, either that (a) it is not a Plan or an entity whose underlying assets 
include the assets of any such Plan for purposes of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (each of the 
foregoing, a “Benefit Plan Investor”), or a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan subject to Similar 
Law, or (b)(i) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note or any interest therein will not 
constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under section 406 of ERISA or section 
4975 of the Code, or a violation of any Similar Law, and (ii) if it is a Benefit Plan Investor, none of the 
Issuer, the Dealers or other transaction parties, or other persons that provide marketing services, nor 
any of their affiliates, has provided, and none of them will provide, investment advice or any advice 
in a fiduciary capacity within the meaning of ERISA in connection with the purchaser or transferee's 
acquisition, holding or disposition of the Notes or any interest therein, and none of such persons has 
received any compensation (direct or indirect) for such advice (as distinct from other services).

--- Page 254 ---
242 
 
 
The sale of any Notes to a Plan is in no respect a representation by the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Dealers or any other party to the transactions that such an investment is appropriate and meets all 
relevant legal requirements for investment by Plans generally or any particular Plan, or any 
governmental, church or non-U.S. plan.

--- Page 255 ---
243 
 
 
16. 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers or to any other 
person or institution. The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be 
sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated Dealer 
Agreement dated March 5, 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers named 
therein (as amended and restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”). Any 
such arrangements will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions 
or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or renewal of existing Dealers and the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
A Dealer may sell Notes it has purchased from the Issuer as principal to certain other dealers less a 
concession equal to all or any portion of the discount received in connection with such purchase. 
The Dealer may allow, and such dealers may re-allow, a discount to certain other dealers. After the 
initial offering of Notes, the offering price (in the case of Notes to be resold at a fixed offering price), 
the concession and the reallowance may be changed. The Notes may also be sold at variable 
prices.  
The Issuer may withdraw, cancel or modify the offering contemplated hereby without notice and may 
reject offers to purchase Notes in whole or in part. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilisation 
manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance with 
applicable laws and rules. 
These transactions may consist of bids or purchases for the purpose of pegging, fixing or 
maintaining the price of the Notes. If the Dealer creates or the Dealers create, as the case may be, a 
short position in the Notes, that is, if it sells or they sell Notes in an aggregate principal amount 
exceeding that set forth in the applicable Final Terms, such Dealer(s) may reduce that short position 
by purchasing Notes in the open market. In general, purchase of Notes for the purpose of 
stabilisation or to reduce a short position could cause the price of the Notes to be higher than it 
might be in the absence of such purchases. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers makes any representation or prediction as to the direction 
or magnitude of any effect that the transactions described in the immediately preceding paragraph 
may have on the price of Notes. In addition, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers makes any 
representation that the Dealers will engage in any such transactions or that such transactions, once 
commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. 
Under the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities (including liabilities under the Securities Act) they may incur or to contribute to payments

--- Page 256 ---
244 
 
 
the Dealers may be required to make in respect thereof in connection with the issue of Notes under 
the Programme. The Issuer has also agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain other expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future updates of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme. 
No Notes will have an established trading market when issued. From time to time, each of the 
Dealers may make a market in the Notes, but no Dealer is obligated to do so and may discontinue 
any market-making activity at any time, and there can be no assurance that there will be a 
secondary market for the Notes or liquidity in the secondary market if one develops. The offering of 
the Notes by the Dealers is subject to receipt and acceptance and subject to the Dealers’ right to 
reject any order in whole or in part. 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefore on the relevant Issue 
Date, which may be more than two business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-1 of 
the Exchange Act, trades in the U.S. secondary market generally are required to settle within two 
business days (“T+2”), unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, 
if an Issue Date is more than two business days following the relevant date of pricing, purchasers 
who wish to trade Notes in the United States between the date of pricing and the date that is two 
business days prior to the relevant Issue Date will be required, by virtue of the fact that such Notes 
initially will settle beyond T+2, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade 
to prevent a failed settlement. If an Issue Date is more than two business days following the relevant 
date of pricing, purchasers of Notes who wish to trade Notes between the date of pricing and the 
date that is two business days prior to the relevant Issue Date should consult their own adviser. 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various 
activities, which may include, among others, securities trading, commercial and investment banking, 
financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, 
financing and brokerage activities. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a 
broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Issuer. The Dealers 
have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any offering 
contemplated hereby and the Issuer has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax 
advisers to the extent it deemed appropriate. Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates 
have, directly or indirectly, performed investment and commercial banking or financial advisory 
services for the Issuer and/or its affiliates for which they have received customary fees and 
commissions, and they may provide these services to the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the future, for 
which they also expect to receive customary fees and commissions. In the ordinary course of their 
various business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers, and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in the Issuer’s securities, including potentially Notes offered under the Programme. Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes offered under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or instruments 
and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.

--- Page 257 ---
245 
 
 
16.1 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to 
consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such 
Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes or person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered 
Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be required to acknowledge, 
represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in 
Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs and it is aware, and each beneficial owner of such Notes has 
been advised, that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; or (b) it is outside 
the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(ii) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in 
the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been 
and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any applicable U.S. state securities 
laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(iii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in an Unrestricted Registered Global Note and either is a 
person located outside the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to 
resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will 
do so, only (a) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (b) inside the United States to a person 
whom the seller and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing 
for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to the exemption from registration 
provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (e) pursuant to an effective 
registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all 
applicable U.S. state securities laws; 
(iv) 
that either (A) it is not and for so long as it holds a Note (or any interest therein) will not be (i) 
an “employee benefit plan” as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I of 
ERISA, (ii) a “plan” as defined in and subject to section 4975 of the Code, (iii) an entity 
whose underlying assets are deemed for purposes of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code to 
include the assets of any such employee benefit or other plan described in clause (i) or (ii) 
above, or (iv) a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject to any federal, state 
or local law of the United States or non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to section 406 of 
ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, or (B) its acquisition, holding and disposition of a Note 
(or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction 
under section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, or a violation of any federal, state 
or local law of the United States or non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to section 406 of 
ERISA or section 4975 of the Code; 
(v) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes 
from it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above, if then applicable;  
(vi) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more 
Restricted Registered Global Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in

--- Page 258 ---
246 
 
 
reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one or more Unrestricted Registered Global 
Notes; 
(vii) 
that the Restricted Registered Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE CANNOT BE EXCHANGED FOR A BEARER NOTE. 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING 
SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT 
IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; 
(B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE 
SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT IN 
RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (THE 
“AGENCY AGREEMENT”) OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE 
THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER 
AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING 
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM 
THE 
SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED 
BY 
THIS 
CERTIFICATE 
ARE 
TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO 
TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF 
SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE 
RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS 
OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THE SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE 
OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR 
SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE 
HOLDER 
HEREOF 
AND 
ALL 
FUTURE 
HOLDERS 
OF 
THE 
SECURITIES

--- Page 259 ---
247 
 
 
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION 
THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). 
BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN), THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL 
BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED THAT EITHER (A) IT IS NOT 
AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT BE (I) AN EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE “CODE”), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED FOR 
PURPOSES OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE TO INCLUDE THE ASSETS 
OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO ERISA OR PLAN SUBJECT 
TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR (IV) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-
U.S. PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL LAW OF THE 
UNITED STATES OR NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (B) 
ITS 
ACQUISITION, 
HOLDING 
AND 
DISPOSITION 
OF 
THE 
SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT 
CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR LAW. 
[FOR PURPOSES OF APPLYING THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT RULES UNDER 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 (1) THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS [ ], [ ]; (2) THE YIELD TO 
MATURITY IS [ ] (COMPOUNDED SEMI-ANNUALLY); (3) THE SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE BEING ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE 
DISCOUNT IN THE AMOUNT OF [ ] PER [ ] PRINCIPAL AMOUNT; (4) THE [ ] METHOD 
SPECIFIED IN THE PROPOSED TREASURY REGULATIONS HAS BEEN USED TO 
DETERMINE YIELD; AND THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT 
ALLOCABLE TO THE SHORT INITIAL ACCRUAL PERIOD BEGINNING [ ] AND 
ENDING [ ]; [AND] (5) THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ALLOCABLE 
TO SUCH ACCRUAL PERIOD IS U.S.$[ ] PER U.S.$[ ] PRINCIPAL AMOUNT.]22 [AND 
(6) THE COMPARABLE YIELD IS [ ]; AND (7) THE PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE 
IS [ ].]23” 
(viii) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise 
transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the Tranche of Notes of which such Notes are 
a part, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer, in the case of a non-syndicated 
issue, or the lead manager, in the case of a syndicated issue), it will do so only (a)(i) outside 
the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable 
U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Unrestricted Registered Global 
Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
                                                     
22 
Include for any Definitive Registered Note issued with “original issue discount” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and issued 
under Rule 144A. 
23 
Include if the Note is a contingent payment debt instrument.

--- Page 260 ---
248 
 
 
“THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN AND 
WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE (THE “AGENCY AGREEMENT”) AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. UNTIL 
THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE 
DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE SECURITIES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THE 
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE A PART, SALES MAY NOT 
BE MADE IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF 
U.S. PERSONS UNLESS MADE IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN), THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL 
BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED THAT EITHER (A) IT IS NOT 
AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE (I) AN EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE “CODE”), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED FOR 
PURPOSES OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE TO INCLUDE THE ASSETS 
OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO ERISA OR PLAN SUBJECT 
TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR (IV) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-
U.S. PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY  FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL LAW OF THE 
UNITED STATES OR NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), OR (B) 
ITS 
ACQUISITION, 
HOLDING 
AND 
DISPOSITION 
OF 
THE 
SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT 
CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR LAW. 
[FOR PURPOSES OF APPLYING THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT RULES UNDER 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 (1) THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS [ ], [ ]; (2) THE YIELD TO 
MATURITY IS [ ] (COMPOUNDED SEMI-ANNUALLY); (3) THE SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE BEING ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE 
DISCOUNT IN THE AMOUNT OF [ ] PER [ ] PRINCIPAL AMOUNT; (4) THE [ ] METHOD 
SPECIFIED IN THE PROPOSED TREASURY REGULATIONS HAS BEEN USED TO 
DETERMINE YIELD; AND THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT 
ALLOCABLE TO THE SHORT INITIAL ACCRUAL PERIOD BEGINNING [ ] AND 
ENDING [ ]; [AND] (5) THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ALLOCABLE

--- Page 261 ---
249 
 
 
TO SUCH ACCRUAL PERIOD IS U.S.$[ ] PER U.S.$[ ] PRINCIPAL AMOUNT.]24 [AND 
(6) THE COMPARABLE YIELD IS [ ]; AND (7) THE PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE 
IS [ ].]25”; and 
(ix) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it 
shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one 
or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each 
such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such 
purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 
(or the approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency). 
To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of 
the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the 
Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of the Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by 
such holders, upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
16.2 
United States 
Regulation S Category 2, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; Rule 144A 
Eligible if so specified in the applicable Final Terms 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to or for 
the account or benefit of U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to United States tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain 
transactions permitted by United States Treasury regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence 
have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In connection with Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver such Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of 
Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to Notes of such Tranche 
purchased by or through it, in which case the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer shall notify each 
such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to or for the account 
                                                     
24 
Include for any Definitive Registered Note issued with “original issue discount” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and issued 
under Rule 144A. 
25 
Include if the Note is a contingent payment debt instrument.

--- Page 262 ---
250 
 
 
or benefit of U.S. persons, and such Dealer and its affiliates will have sent to each Dealer to which it 
sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto, other than for resales pursuant 
to Rule 144A, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such 
purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes that may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A will be 
U.S.$200,000. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act (if available). 
16.3 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail 
investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
16.4 
The United Kingdom 
16.4.1 Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the 
expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
16.4.2 Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:

--- Page 263 ---
251 
 
 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year:  
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:  
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or  
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,  
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of 
the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
16.5 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e 
la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating 
to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
i. 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
February 24, 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, first 
paragraph, letter b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of May 14, 1999, as amended from 
time to time (“Regulation No. 11971”); or 
ii. 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
a. be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of February 15, 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
b. comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article

--- Page 264 ---
252 
 
 
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended 
from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
16.6 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”), and each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
16.7 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (i) to “professional 
investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued, or had in its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue or 
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
“professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
16.8 
General 
Each Dealer acknowledges that, other than with respect to the admission of the Notes to the Official 
List and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin, no action has been or will be taken 
in any jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or 
possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus comes 
are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession 
or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 265 ---
253 
 
 
17. 
Form of Final Terms 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as 
amended) (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 266 ---
254 
 
 
Final Terms dated [          ] 
SWEDBANK AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): M312WZV08Y7LYUC71685 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$15,000,000,000 
Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated March 5, 2021 (the “Base Prospectus”) [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [    ] [and [    ]]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of  the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]]26 in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and 
the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange trading as 
Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the [Base] Prospectus dated [March 2, 2016/March 1, 2017/April 6, 2020, as 
supplemented by the supplement dated May 15, 2020]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus dated March 5, 2021 (the “Base Prospectus”). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [    ] 
[and [    ]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] in 
order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been 
published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange trading as Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 27  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
                                                     
26  
Not relevant where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
27  
Not relevant where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 267 ---
255 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number:  
[     ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [     ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph 21 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [     ]]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[     ] 
(i) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [     ]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[     ] 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above €100,000 or 
its equivalent in other currencies are being used the 
following 
sample 
wording 
should 
be 
followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”) 28 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. N.B. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date:  
[     ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[[     ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent Fixed Rate] 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR] +/- [     ] per cent 
Floating Rate] 
[SOFR Index +/- [     ] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon]  
                                                     
28 
 Not applicable if Notes are being issued in registered form.

--- Page 268 ---
256 
 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis:  
[Specify details of any provision for conversion of Notes 
into another interest basis by cross-referring to 
paragraphs 14, 15 or 16 below]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Call Option: 
[Issuer Call]/[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred – Condition 3(a) will apply/Senior 
Non-Preferred – Condition 3(b) will apply] 
(a) 
[Redemption upon occurrence of 
a MREL Disqualification Event 
and 
amounts 
payable 
on 
redemption thereof:] 
[Applicable – Condition 5(h) will apply/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event pursuant 
to Condition 5(h), the Notes shall be redeemed in the 
amount of [   ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons: 
[Condition 5(b)(A)(i) will apply] 
[Condition 5(b)(A)(ii) will apply] 
(c) 
[Substitution or variation:] 
[Applicable – Condition 5(j) will apply/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. 
Only 
relevant 
where 
Board 
(or 
similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(Condition 4(a)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[     ] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year, from and including [     ], 
up to and including the Maturity Date 
(N.B. consider form of language in the case of long or

--- Page 269 ---
257 
 
 
short coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates:  
[Not Applicable] / [     ] in each year] (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
(Condition 4(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][     ] per cent per annum 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][     ] per cent per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year, from and including [     ],  
up to and including the Maturity Date 
(v) 
First Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(vi) 
Second Reset Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
(ix) 
Reset Reference Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Other 
– 
specify][Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
(xii) 
First Reset Period Fallback Yield: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(xiv) 
Determination Dates: 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 270 ---
258 
 
 
(xv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(xvi) 
Relevant (Reset) Time: 
[[     ]/As per Condition 4(b)/Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[     ] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions:  
Condition 4(c))  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:  
[     ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (ii) below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
(iii) 
Business Centre(s):  
[     ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:  
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent):  
 
 
 
[[     ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
 
Reference Rate, Relevant Time 
and Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reference Rate: [[     ] month] 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR] 
[SOFR Index] 
 
Relevant Time: [[     ][ in the Relevant Financial 
Centre]/As per Condition 4(c)(ii)] 
 
[Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/Tokyo/
Hong Kong]](delete for SOFR Index Floating Rate 
Notes) 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start of

--- Page 271 ---
259 
 
 
each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Tokyo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period]] 
 
[[     ] days prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or Euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR and the second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if EURIBOR or Euro LIBOR) 
[As per Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)] (SOFR Index Floating Rate 
Notes only) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite 
rate 
or 
amend 
fallback 
provisions 
appropriately) 
[Not Applicable] (SOFR Index Floating Rate Notes only) 
p: 
[As per Conditions][Not Applicable][       ](SOFR Index 
Floating Rate Notes only) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
Floating Rate Option:  
[     ] 
Designated Maturity:  
[     ] 
Reset Date:  
[     ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations 
for 
LIBOR 
and/or 
EURIBOR 
which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period) 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent per annum

--- Page 272 ---
260 
 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[     ] per cent per annum  
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[     ] per cent per annum  
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual]  
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xiii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC LIBOR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC SOFR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield:  
[     ] per cent per annum  
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[     ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s):  
[     ] per Calculation Amount  
(iii) 
If redeemable in part:  
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:  
 
[     ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set

--- Page 273 ---
261 
 
 
out in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require five clearing system business days’ 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or 
Trustee) 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
Each Note will be redeemed at its principal amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
Event of Default: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 5(d) applies] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent of 
the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider). If, however, 
the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent 
of the nominal value, consideration should be given as 
to what the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Registered Notes: 
 
The Notes will be represented on issue by one or more 
[Restricted Registered Global Notes registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] [and by one or more] [Unrestricted 
Registered Global Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]]] 
 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note on and after the Exchange Date which is 
exchangeable for definitive Notes [upon 45 days’ written 
notice (expiring after the Exchange Date)] [only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event].] 29 
                                                     
29 
The exchange upon notice at any time option should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes 
in paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].

--- Page 274 ---
262 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date.] 30 
(ii) 
New Global Notes / held under 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes]/[No]  
22. 
Financial Centre(s):  
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment, 
and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
sub-paragraph 16(iii) relates) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to definitive Notes:  
 
[Yes]/[No] 
24. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[     ] has been extracted from [     ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [     ], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  ..........................................................  
Duly authorised 
                                                     
30    
This option must not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].

--- Page 275 ---
263 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin/Not Applicable]  
(ii) 
Date on which admission to trading 
to be effective:  
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin]/[     ] with effect from, or from 
around, [     ]] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:  
[     ] 
2. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes calculated by reference to a 
benchmark only) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR/[in the case of Reset Notes, insert name of relevant benchmark]] 
which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, 
[legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR/[in the 
case of Reset Notes, insert name of relevant benchmark]] [does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
3. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have 
been]/[are expected to be] assigned the following 
ratings: 
 
[     ] by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
 
[     ] by Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB 
 
[     ] by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the [European Union] 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended).]

--- Page 276 ---
264 
 
 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [managers/dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [managers/dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reason for the offer: 
[Green Bonds][General Business Purposes][] 
(See “Use and Estimated Net Amounts of Proceeds” 
wording in the Base Prospectus – if reasons for the 
offer are different from General Business Purposes 
or Green Bonds, will need to include those reasons 
here.)  
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
6. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES AND RESET NOTES 
ONLY – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION  
 
(i) 
CUSIP Number: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (together with the 
address of such clearing system) 
and the relevant identification 
number(s):  
[Not Applicable/[give name(s) and number(s)]] 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
[Not Applicable/[     ]] 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Transfer Agents and/or Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):  
 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common

--- Page 277 ---
265 
 
 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] [include 
this text for Registered Notes which are to be held 
under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend 
upon 
the 
ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS [include this 
text for Registered Notes which are to be held under 
the NSS]]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[           ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
Rule 144A Eligible: 
[Yes/No] 
(vii) 
Whether TEFRA D rules applicable 
or TEFRA rules not applicable: 
 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 278 ---
266 
 
 
18. 
Definitions  
Common equity Tier 1 capital (CET 1 Capital): Capital consisting of capital instruments, related 
share premium accounts, retained earnings and other comprehensive income after considering 
regulatory adjustments. 
Common equity Tier 1 capital ratio (CET 1 capital ratio): Common Equity Tier 1 capital in relation 
to the total risk exposure amount.  
Cost/income ratio: Total expenses in relation to total income. 
Credit impairments: Established losses and provisions for the year less recoveries related to loans 
as well as the year’s net expenses for guarantees and other contingent liabilities. 
Credit impairment ratio: Credit impairment on loans and other credit risk provisions, net, in relation 
to the opening balance of loans to credit institutions and loans to the public after provisions. 
Duration: The average weighted maturity of payment flows calculated at present value and 
expressed in number of years. 
Earnings per share before dilution: Profit for the year allocated to shareholders in relation to the 
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year, rights issue adjustment factor 
included. 
Equity per share: Shareholders’ equity in relation to the number of shares outstanding. 
Impaired loans: Loans where there is, on individual level, objective evidence of a loss event, and 
where this loss event has an impact on the cash flow of the exposure. Impaired loans, gross, less 
specific provisions for loans assessed individually constitute impaired loans, net. 
Interest fixing period: Contracted period during which interest on an asset or liability is fixed. 
Net interest margin: Net interest margin is calculated as Net interest income in relation to average  
total assets. The average is calculated using month-end figures, including the prior year end. 
Number of employees: The number of employees at year-end, excluding long-term absences, in 
relation to the number of hours worked expressed in terms of full-time positions. 
Probability of Default (PD): The probability of default (PD) indicates the risk that a counterparty or 
contract will default within a twelve-month period. 
Provision ratio for impaired loans: Provisions for impaired loans assessed individually in relation 
to impaired loans, gross. 
Return on equity: Profit for the financial year allocated to shareholders in relation to average equity 
attributable to shareholders’ of the parent company. The average is calculated using month-end 
figures, including the prior year end. 
Return on total assets: Profit for the year in relation to average (calculated on month-end figures) 
total assets. 
Risk exposure amount: Risk weighted exposure value i.e. the exposure value after considering the 
risk inherent in the asset.

--- Page 279 ---
267 
 
 
Tier 1 capital: The sum of Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital according to 
Article 25 in CRR. 
Tier 1 capital ratio: Tier 1 capital in relation to the total risk exposure amount. 
Tier 2 capital: Capital instruments and subordinated loans and related share premium accounts that 
fulfill certain regulatory conditions after considering regulatory adjustments. 
Total capital ratio: Own funds in relation to the total risk exposure amount. 
Total provision ratio for impaired loans: All provisions (individually assessed and portfolio) for 
loans in relation to impaired loans, gross. 
Yield: Dividend per share in relation to the share price at year-end.

--- Page 280 ---
268 
 
 
19. 
General Information 
19.1 Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated Market 
of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
It is expected that each Tranche which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to 
the issue of a Registered Global Note initially representing the Notes of such Tranche or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Temporary Global Note.  
Any Series of Notes intended to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be so admitted upon submission to the Central Bank and 
Euronext Dublin of the applicable Final Terms and any other information required by the Central 
Bank and Euronext Dublin, subject in each case to the issue of the relevant Notes. 
The update of the Programme was duly authorised by the Issuer on March 4, 2021. Notes issued 
under the Programme will be authorised by the Issuer at the time of issuance. 
Except as disclosed herein in the sections headed "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Internal Control 
and Compliance – The Group is exposed to anti-money laundering and sanctions compliance risks, 
and is currently subject to investigations by authorities into allegations that the Group may have 
processed money laundering transactions and may have violated OFAC sanctions" and “Business—
Legal Proceedings”, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
19.2 
Since December 31, 2020, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
and there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group or the financial 
position of the Group.  
19.3 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (Authorised Public Accounts) of Torsgatan 21, 113 97 Stockholm, 
Sweden, have audited the financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended December 
31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (Authorised Public Accounts) is a member of FAR, the professional 
institute for authorised public accountants (Sw: auktoriserade revisorer), approved public 
accountants (Sw: godkända revisorer) and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy 
sector in Sweden. 
19.4 
Deloitte AB (Authorised Public Accountants) of Rehnsgatan 11, SE-113 79 Stockholm, Sweden, 
have audited the financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended December 31, 2018.  
Deloitte AB is a member of FAR, the professional institute for authorised public accountants (Sw: 
auktoriserade revisorer), approved public accountants (Sw: godkända revisorer) and other highly 
qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in Sweden. 
19.5 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
common code and International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each 
Tranche allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an application for Registered Notes to be accepted for

--- Page 281 ---
269 
 
 
trading in book-entry form by DTC. If so, the CUSIP number for each Tranche of Registered Notes, 
together with the relevant common code and International Securities Identification Number, will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC are the 
entities in charge of keeping book-entry records. If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional 
or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue J.F. 
Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041-0099, 
USA. 
19.6 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection from https://swedbank.com/investor-
relations/debt-investors.html: 
(i) 
Certificate of Registration and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Trust Deed; and 
(iii) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any documents 
incorporated by reference and, save as provided below, any Final Terms issued in respect 
of any Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Articles of Association of the Issuer referred to in paragraph (i) above are translated from the 
Swedish original. The Issuer confirms that such translation is a direct and accurate translation from 
the Swedish original. 
19.7 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of the Issuer’s 
business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Holders of Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
19.8 
The issue price and principal amount of Notes of any Tranche to be issued will be determined at the 
time of offering of such Tranche in accordance with then prevailing market conditions. 
19.9 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes 
on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
19.10 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on any certificate or report from an expert or any 
other person in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed whether or not any such 
certificate or report or any engagement letter or other document entered into by the Trustee in 
connection therewith contains any limit on the liability of such expert or such other person.  
19.11 
The following Alternative Performance Measures (as such term is defined in the ESMA Guidelines 
on Alternative Performance Measures) are included in this Base Prospectus: 
 
NSFR, Cost/income ratio, Credit impairment ratio, Equity per Share, Total credit impairment 
provision ratio, Return on equity and Return on total assets (each as defined on pages 231 
and 232 of the Group’s ‘Annual Report 2021').

--- Page 282 ---
270 
 
 
19.12 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the 
Programme to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
19.13 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law.

--- Page 283 ---
271 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Landsvägen 40 
SE-172 63 Sundbyberg 
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
603 23 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10013 
United States of America

--- Page 284 ---
272 
 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Capital Inc. 
BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 
745 Seventh Avenue 
787 Seventh Avenue 
New York, NY 10019 
New York, NY 10019 
United States of America 
United States of America 
BofA Securities, Inc. 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.  
One Bryant Park  
388 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10036 
New York, NY 10013 
United States of America  
United States of America  
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
11 Madison Avenue 
60 Wall Street 
New York, NY 10010 
New York, NY 10005  
United States of America  
United States of America 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 
200 West Street 
452 Fifth Avenue 
New York, NY 10282 
New York, NY 10018 
United States of America 
United States of America 
 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10179 
United States of America 
 
 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
1585 Broadway, 29th Floor 
New York, NY 10036 
United States of America 
RBC Capital Markets, LLC 
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
Brookfield Place 
550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor 
200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor 
New York, NY 10281-8098 
United States of America 
Charlotte, NC 28202 
United States of America 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and United States law 
Linklaters LLP 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
1345 Avenue of the Americas 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
New York, NY 10105 
United Kingdom 
United States of America  
To the Dealers as to Swedish law 
Wistrand Advokatbyrå 
Regeringsgatan 65 
P.O. Box 7543 
SE-103 93 Stockholm 
Sweden

--- Page 285 ---
273 
 
 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English and United States law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
52 avenue Hoche 
London E1 6AD 
75379 Paris Cedex 08 
United Kingdom 
France 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
For the financial year ended December 31, 2018  
For the financial years ended December 31, 
2019 and December 31, 2020 and onwards 
Deloitte AB 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Rehnsgatan 11 
Torsgatan 21 
SE-113 79 Stockholm 
SE-113 97 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Sweden 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
EUO2: 2000988845.2