--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
 
 
Swedbank Mortgage AB (publ) 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
€25,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of S.O. Bonds 
Under the €25,000,000,000 Programme (the “Programme”) for the Issuance of S.O. Bonds described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), 
Swedbank Mortgage AB (publ) (“Swedbank Mortgage” or the “Company”), subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, may from time to 
time issue covered bonds in accordance with the Swedish Act (2003:1223) on Issuance of Covered Bonds (Sw: Lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av 
säkerstäilda obligationer) (the “S.O. Act”) in bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer S.O. Bonds” and “Registered S.O. Bonds” and together, the 
“S.O. Bonds”). The aggregate principal amount of S.O. Bonds outstanding at any one time will not exceed €25,000,000,000 or the equivalent in other 
currencies. 
S.O. Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional 
dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Company (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be 
for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of S.O. Bonds 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such S.O. Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Company or the quality of the 
S.O. Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the S.O. 
Bonds.  
Such approval relates only to the S.O. Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin") of 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market in the European Economic Area ("EEA") for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of EEA in 
circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus (other than Exempt S.O. Bonds (as defined below)) to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base 
Prospectus to S.O. Bonds being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such S.O. Bonds have been admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to S.O. Bonds which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme also provides that S.O. Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges, 
markets or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Company and the relevant Dealer. The Company may also issue unlisted S.O. Bonds or 
S.O. Bonds not admitted to trading on any market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to S.O. Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of 
the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) 
only applies to S.O. Bonds which are admitted to trading on a United Kingdom (“UK”) regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”) and/or 
offered to the public in the United Kingdom other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA. References in 
this Base Prospectus to "Exempt S.O. Bonds” are to S.O. Bonds for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
or the FSMA. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
S.O. Bonds. 
THERE ARE CERTAIN RISKS RELATED TO ANY ISSUE OF S.O. BONDS UNDER THE PROGRAMME, WHICH INVESTORS SHOULD ENSURE THEY 
FULLY UNDERSTAND (SEE “RISK FACTORS” ON PAGES 6-28 OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS). 
The Company has been assigned ratings of A-1 (short term) and A+ (long term) (outlook stable) from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & 
Poor's") and P-1 (short term) and Aa3 (long term) (outlook stable) from Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody's”). S.O. Bonds to be issued 
under the Programme are expected to be assigned an "AAA" rating by Standard & Poor's and an "Aaa" rating by Moody's. Each of Standard & Poor's 
and Moody's is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). Each of Standard 
& Poor’s and Moody’s is not established in the UK but is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the UK and (ii) is 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As 
such, the ratings issued by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche (as defined below) of S.O. Bonds is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined below) 
and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
NORD/LB 
RBC Capital Markets 
Swedbank 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking  
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
 
12 May 2021

--- Page 2 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the Pricing Supplement, for each Tranche of S.O. 
Bonds issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Company the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information.  
The Company has confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus is true and accurate in all 
material respects and not misleading; that there are no other facts in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference herein the omission of which would, in the context of the 
Programme and the issue of the S.O. Bonds, make any statement herein misleading in any material 
respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. The Company has 
further confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus (together with, in relation to any Tranche 
of S.O. Bonds, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) contains the necessary information which is material to an investor for making 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses, and 
prospects of the Company, of the rights attaching to the relevant S.O. Bonds and the reasons for any 
issuance and its impact on the Company. 
In relation to any Tranche, the aggregate nominal amount of the S.O. Bonds of such Tranche, the 
interest (if any) payable in respect of the S.O. Bonds of such Tranche, the issue price and certain 
other information which is relevant to such Tranche will be set out in a final terms document (“Final 
Terms”) or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, a pricing supplement (“Pricing Supplement”).  
In relation to S.O. Bonds to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the Final Terms will be filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland on or before the date of issue of the S.O. Bonds of such Tranche. Copies of Final 
Terms relating to S.O. Bonds listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at live.euronext.com.   
This Base Prospectus contains information sourced from third parties – including Statistics Sweden, 
Euroclear Sweden AB, Riksbank and Macrobond – where indicated with references to third party 
sources herein. The Company confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by such sources, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any amendment or supplement hereto, all 
information which is deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Information Incorporated 
by Reference”) and, in relation to any Tranche, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed 
on the basis that such information is incorporated in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein (see 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 3 ---
The Company has not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information 
regarding the Company or the S.O. Bonds other than as contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus, in the Dealership Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and Sale”), in 
any other document prepared in connection with the Programme or any Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, any Pricing Supplement, or as approved for such purpose by the Company. Any 
such representation or information should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Company or any of the Dealers. 
None of this Base Prospectus, any financial statements and any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any S.O. Bonds (i) is intended to provide the sole basis of any 
credit or other evaluation of the Company, (ii) constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any S.O. Bonds or (iii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Company, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, any financial statements or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any S.O. Bonds should subscribe 
for or purchase any S.O. Bonds. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus, any financial statements or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any S.O. Bonds shall be taken 
to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Company. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, 
and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or 
accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Company in 
connection with the Programme. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any part thereof or 
any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, any Pricing Supplement, nor the offering, sale 
or delivery of any S.O. Bond shall in any circumstances create any implication that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial situation of the Company since the date of this Base Prospectus or, 
as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, 
any Pricing Supplement, and the offering, sale and delivery of the S.O. Bonds in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, any Pricing Supplement comes are required by the Company 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of S.O. Bonds and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, any Pricing Supplement and 
other offering material relating to the S.O. Bonds, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, S.O. 
Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as 
amended) and may include S.O. Bonds in bearer form which are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, S.O. Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to U.S. persons. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, any Pricing Supplement, may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
S.O. Bonds to be issued under the Programme do not have the benefit of a guarantee. Holders of 
such S.O. Bonds therefore have no recourse against Swedbank AB (publ). 
The S.O. Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the S.O. 
Bonds must determine the suitability of an investment in the S.O. Bonds in light of its own

--- Page 4 ---
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the 
help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant S.O. 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant S.O. Bonds and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant S.O. Bonds and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant S.O. Bonds, including S.O. Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
currency in which such investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant S.O. Bonds and is familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to 
what extent (i) S.O. Bonds are legal investments for it, (ii) S.O. Bonds can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any S.O. 
Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of S.O. Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (“URLs”) are inactive 
textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website 
or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$”, “USD” and “$” refer to United 
States dollars, references to "GBP" and "£" refer to Pounds sterling, references to “SEK” or “Krona” 
refer to Swedish Krona and references to “EUR”, “Euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at 
the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate S.O. Bonds may be calculated by 
reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate (in the case of S.O. Bonds other than 
Exempt S.O. Bonds) may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
“EU Benchmarks Regulation”) or, as the case may be, Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation or, as the case may be, the FCA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the UK

--- Page 5 ---
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation or, as the case 
may be, the UK Benchmarks Regulation, may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of 
the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation or, as the case may be, the UK Benchmarks Regulation, is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update the applicable Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any S.O. Bonds or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, 
the S.O. Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the S.O. Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
S.O. Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any S.O. Bonds or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, 
the S.O. Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
S.O. Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the S.O. Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
In respect of each issue of S.O. Bonds, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement may include a legend titled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant S.O. Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the relevant S.O. Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending such S.O. Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such S.O. Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 6 ---
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of S.O. Bonds about whether, for the purpose 
of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any S.O. Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such 
S.O. Bonds, but otherwise neither J.P. Morgan AG (the "Arranger") nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
In respect of each issue of S.O. Bonds, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement may include a legend titled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant S.O. Bonds 
and which channels for distribution of the relevant S.O. Bonds are appropriate. Any distributor (as 
defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of such S.O. Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of S.O. Bonds about whether, for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any S.O. Bonds is a 
manufacturer in respect of such S.O. Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE 
"SFA") 
Unless otherwise specified before an offer of S.O. Bonds, all S.O. Bonds issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT – CANADA 
 
The S.O. Bonds may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that 
are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the S.O. Bonds 
must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada 
may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any 
amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of 
the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to 
section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of 
interest in connection with this offering.

--- Page 7 ---
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF S.O. BONDS, THE DEALER OR DEALERS 
(IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS OR, IN THE CASE OF EXEMPT 
S.O. BONDS, THE APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT, MAY OVER-ALLOT S.O. BONDS OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE S.O. BONDS 
AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION 
MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE 
DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF S.O. BONDS IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT 
MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF S.O. BONDS AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF 
THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF S.O. BONDS. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT 
MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING 
ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 8 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
1. 
Overview of the Programme .................................................................................................................. 1 
2. 
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................... 6 
3. 
Information Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................... 29 
4. 
Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds ............................................................................................ 31 
5. 
Use and Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds ...................................................................................... 70 
6. 
Summary of the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds ....................................................... 72 
7. 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 79 
8. 
Swedbank Mortgage ............................................................................................................................ 86 
9. 
Risk Management ................................................................................................................................ 91 
10. 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................................ 93 
11. 
Form of Pricing Supplement .............................................................................................................. 109 
12. 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................. 124 
13. 
Definitions .......................................................................................................................................... 126 
14. 
General Information ........................................................................................................................... 127

--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
 
1. 
Overview of the Programme 
This overview should be understood as an introduction to this Base Prospectus, and highlights information 
presented in greater detail elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. This overview is not complete and does not 
contain all the information an investor should consider before investing in any S.O. Bonds. Any investor 
should carefully read the entire Base Prospectus before investing, including “Risk Factors”, the audited 
financial statements of the Company incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of S.O. Bonds, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Each decision to invest in any S.O. Bonds should be 
based on an assessment of the entire Base Prospectus. 
This Overview of the Programme constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of 
Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds” or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Company: 
Swedbank Mortgage AB (publ) 
Company Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
549300TJREQ7GHIXWR36 
Website of the Company: 
www.swedbank.com 
Arranger: 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe 
SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A., Danske 
Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Norddeutsche 
Landesbank - Girozentrale -, RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, 
RBC Europe Limited, Société Générale, Swedbank AB (publ), UBS 
AG, UBS Europe SE, UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Company. 
Programme Amount: 
€25,000,000,000 (or its approximate equivalent in other currencies), 
subject to any duly authorised increase. 
Form of S.O. Bonds: 
S.O. Bonds may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. 
 
Each Tranche of S.O. Bonds in bearer form will initially be 
represented by a temporary global S.O. Bond in bearer form (a 
“Temporary Global S.O. Bond”) which will (i) if the Temporary Global 
S.O. Bond is intended to be issued in new global S.O. Bond (“NGB”) 
form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and (ii) if the 
Temporary Global S.O. Bond is not intended to be issued in NGB

--- Page 10 ---
2 
 
 
form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
 
Each Tranche of S.O. Bonds in registered form sold to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act will be 
represented by beneficial interests in an unrestricted global S.O. 
Bond in registered form, without interest coupons (an “Unrestricted 
Registered Global S.O. Bond”), which will be deposited either (i) with 
a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC for 
the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the 
accounts of their respective participants or (ii) with a common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a 
nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Each Tranche of 
S.O. Bonds in registered form sold within the United States in 
reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act will be represented by 
beneficial interests in a restricted global S.O. Bond in registered form, 
without interest coupons (a “Restricted Registered Global S.O. Bond” 
and, together with an Unrestricted Registered Global S.O. Bond, the 
“Registered Global S.O. Bonds”), deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. 
Status of S.O. Bonds: 
The S.O. Bonds are issued on an unsubordinated basis and in 
accordance with the Swedish Act (2003:1223) on Issuance of 
Covered Bonds (Sw: Lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av 
säkerställda obligationer) (the “S.O. Act”). As such they have the 
benefit of priority to a matched pool of assets upon bankruptcy of the 
Company. 
Offering and Sale: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements, the S.O. Bonds may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in, each case, on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
S.O. Bonds may be denominated in any currency or combination of 
currencies (including, without limitation, Euro, Japanese Yen, Pounds 
Sterling and United States dollars) subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Issuance in Series: 
S.O. Bonds will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (“Tranches” and each, a 
“Tranche”) issued on different issue dates. The S.O. Bonds of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, whether as to currency, 
interest or maturity or otherwise, save that Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and Issue Prices may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The S.O. Bonds of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects (save that a Tranche may 
comprise S.O. Bonds in more than one denomination). Further 
Tranches of S.O. Bonds may be issued as part of an existing Series.

--- Page 11 ---
3 
 
 
Issue Price: 
S.O. Bonds will be issued on a fully paid basis and may be issued at 
any price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Maturities: 
S.O. Bonds may have any maturity of not less than one month, 
subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
No provision is made for the issue of perpetual S.O. Bonds. 
 
Where S.O. Bonds have a maturity of less than one year and either 
(a) the issue proceeds are received by the Company in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the S.O. Bonds is carried on 
from an establishment maintained by the Company in the UK, such 
S.O. Bonds must: (i) have a minimum denomination value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the 
Company. 
Redemption: 
S.O. Bonds (other than Exempt S.O. Bonds) will be redeemable at 
par and, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds only, may be redeemable 
at par or at such other redemption amount as may be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as determined between the Company 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Interest: 
S.O. Bonds may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to a 
Floating Rate S.O. Bond, in the event that the Company determines 
that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the Company shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to the Company determining a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark Amendments as 
described in Condition 4B(ii)(C). 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement is SOFR Index and (ii) 
"Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR" is also specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for a Floating Rate

--- Page 12 ---
4 
 
 
Note, and the Company determines that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its replacement Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination 
of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the 
S.O. Bonds in respect of such determination on such date and all 
determinations on all subsequent dates as described in Condition 
4B(ii)(D). 
Denominations: 
The S.O. Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Company and the relevant Dealer subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank (or equivalent body) requirements, provided however, that (i) 
the minimum denomination of each S.O. Bond admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA or in the UK in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA, as applicable, will be 
€100,000 (or, if the S.O. Bonds are denominated in a currency other 
than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant S.O. Bonds) and (ii) S.O. Bonds sold in reliance 
on Rule 144A under the Securities Act shall be issued in minimum 
denominations of U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 
in excess thereof. 
Early Redemption: 
Early redemption of S.O. Bonds will only be permitted to the extent 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and subject to applicable 
laws and regulations. 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of S.O. Bonds will be made without withholding 
or deduction in respect of any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges imposed or levied by or on behalf of Sweden 
unless such withholding or deduction of such taxes is required by 
law. 
Governing Law: 
The S.O. Bonds, all related contractual documentation and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, 
except that Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. 
Bonds will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Swedish law.  
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for certain S.O. Bonds 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
S.O. Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges, markets or quotation systems 
agreed between the Company and the relevant Dealer in relation to 
the Series. S.O. Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued.

--- Page 13 ---
5 
 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, will state whether or not the relevant 
S.O. Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets and/or quotation systems. 
Terms and Conditions: 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to each Tranche of S.O. Bonds 
will be as agreed between the Company and the relevant Dealer at or 
prior to the time of issuance of such Tranche, and will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. The Terms and Conditions applicable 
to each Tranche of S.O. Bonds will be those set out on pages 31-69 
hereof as completed by the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement and/or (in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds only) amended, modified or replaced by 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. See also “Exempt S.O. Bonds” 
below. 
Exempt S.O. Bonds: 
The Company may agree with any Dealer that Exempt S.O. Bonds 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the S.O. Bonds herein, in which event the relevant 
provisions will be included in the relevant Pricing Supplement.  
Enforcement of S.O. Bonds in 
Global Form: 
In the case of S.O. Bonds in global form, investors have the benefit of 
a Deed of Covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 13 May 2020, 
and available for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
and, in relation to a Tranche of Registered S.O. Bonds, the Registrar 
and by their arrangements with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or SIS. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC and/or SIS and/or, in 
relation to any Tranche of S.O. Bonds, any other clearing system as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Events of Default in respect of S.O. 
Bonds: 
None.

--- Page 14 ---
6 
 
 
2. 
Risk Factors 
Investing in the S.O. Bonds involves certain risks. If any of the risks described below materialise, the 
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and the trading price and 
liquidity of the S.O. Bonds could decline, in which case an investor may lose some or all of the value of its 
investment.  
Swedbank AB (publ) (“Swedbank” and, together with its subsidiaries, the “Swedbank Group”) originates a 
significant proportion of the mortgage assets of Swedbank Mortgage, therefore certain risk factors relating to 
the wider Swedbank Group have been included below. Swedbank Mortgage believes that the factors 
described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in S.O. Bonds issued under the 
Programme, but Swedbank Mortgage may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any S.O. Bond for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by Swedbank 
Mortgage based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to 
anticipate, and Swedbank Mortgage does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding any S.O. Bonds are exhaustive.  
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds” below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
2.1 
Factors that may affect the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under S.O. Bonds issued 
under the Programme  
2.1.1 
Economic and market risks 
2.1.1.1 Economic conditions in Sweden 
The performance of Swedbank Mortgage is influenced by economic conditions in Sweden, 
particularly its real estate and mortgage markets, as 80 per cent of Swedbank Mortgage’s credit 
portfolio consists of lending to private individuals and is secured by single-family homes and tenant-
owned apartments located in Sweden. 15 per cent consists of lending to residential and commercial 
real estate properties located in Sweden (mainly owned by tenant-owner associations and property 
management companies).  
Future volatility or downturn in the Swedish economy could result in increased default rates in 
Swedbank Mortgage’s credit portfolio and/or decreased lending activity which could have a material 
adverse effect on Swedbank Mortgage’s financial business condition and results of operations and 
therefor its ability to meet its obligations on the S.O. Bonds. 
2.1.1.2 Swedish real estate and the mortgage market  
In recent years in Sweden, low interest rates (with real interest rates on mortgages in Sweden 
decreasing from 8.5 per cent to 1.4 per cent between 1995 and 2020), historically low inflation, 
higher housing prices and increased disposable household income have led to continued strong 
growth in demand for loans, especially in the residential mortgage market. Demand for housing has 
increased rapidly in Sweden, partly as a result of rapid growth in the population over the past decade 
due to increases in immigration. Rapid urbanisation in Sweden has also contributed to an increase in 
demand for housing in metropolitan areas and other growth regions. As of 31 December 2020, 
housing prices have more than tripled since 2000. In 2020, housing prices continued to increase 
after a temporary decline in 2017. In annual terms, housing prices increased by 11.5 per cent in 
December 2020, supported primarily by low interest rates, lack of housing and a solid labour market.

--- Page 15 ---
7 
 
 
In addition to these trends, a significant risk facing the Swedish economy is the level of household 
debt, which has reached historically high levels, with Sweden’s estimated household debt-to-
disposable income ratio at 185 per cent as of the beginning of 2021, according to the Swedish 
Central Bank’s December 2020 forecast. A shortage of housing, low interest rates and higher house 
prices have led to a rapid increase in the volume of home lending. As of 2019, 39.8 per cent of the 
household total mortgage stock in Sweden had a floating interest rate (with adjustments more 
frequently than annually), which means households were sensitive to increases in interest rates. A 
large number of Swedish households therefore may be exposed to the risk of a decrease in housing 
prices. If interest rates increase, Swedish households may no longer be able to afford their mortgage 
payments or new households may be deterred from entering the mortgage market, which could in 
turn decrease housing prices. If housing prices decrease, households may owe more on their 
houses than their property is worth, which may increase default rates among Swedish borrowers. As 
Swedbank Mortgage is one of Sweden’s leading mortgage lenders with a market share of 23 per 
cent as of 31 December 20201, any increase in default rates whether due to a decrease in housing 
prices or otherwise could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on Swedbank Mortgage’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations, and therefore its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
S.O. Bonds.  
Additionally, due to the historically high household indebtedness levels, significant decreases in 
housing prices, or increases in interest rates may cause a significant decrease in household 
incomes, net assets and/or wealth and consumption, which would in turn have an effect on the 
broader economy.  
Successive Swedish governments have implemented policies to attempt to mitigate these risks and 
secure financial stability. However, such measures may be inadequate or have unpredictable 
consequences. The Central Bank of Sweden has expressed concern about the housing market and 
the increase in household lending and has asked for additional macro prudential tools, such as 
decreased interest deduction, debt ratio of disposable income and lower mortgage share with flexible 
interest rates. While discussions about reductions in interest deductibility have intensified, political 
consensus on this matter has not been reached. If such macro prudential tools are implemented and 
prove to be too stringent, this could have a negative impact both on Swedish growth and on the real 
estate market. 
2.1.1.3 Global economic conditions  
Swedbank Mortgage is affected by global market conditions, which can cause financial results to 
fluctuate from year to year as well as on a long term basis. These conditions include economic 
cycles such as financial market cycles, including volatile movements in market prices and banking 
industry cycles. Fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates, monetary and fiscal policy, 
consumer and business spending, demographics and competitive and other factors also influence 
Swedbank Mortgage’s performance. 
The global capital and credit markets have been characterised by volatility and disruption in recent 
years. As seen during and after the financial crisis in 2008, this resulted in liquidity constraints and 
other problems at many of the world’s largest commercial banks, investment banks and insurance 
companies, a number of which are counterparties or customers in the ordinary course of business 
for both Swedbank Mortgage and the broader Swedbank Group. If similar events occur, which have 
similar effects on financial markets, Swedbank Mortgage may experience reductions in business 
activity, increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, decreased asset values, additional credit 
impairment losses and lower profitability and revenues. In addition, Swedbank Mortgage may be 
                                                     
 
1  
Statistics Sweden (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2021-01-31, www.scb.se.

--- Page 16 ---
8 
 
 
adversely affected by the effects of the recent COVID-19 outbreak, particularly a slowing in global 
economic activity and significant volatility in financial markets.  
EU member states and public finances in Europe face many challenges, including those related to 
demographic and political trends. The UK withdrew from the EU (“Brexit”) on 31 January 2020 and 
announced on 24 December 2020 that they had reached agreement on a draft EU-UK Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement (“TCA”) covering trade in goods and in services, digital trade, intellectual 
property, public procurement, aviation and road transport, energy, fisheries, social security 
coordination, law enforcement and judicial cooperation in criminal matters, thematic cooperation and 
participation in EU programmes. However, the TCA does not cover financial services, other than 
through a general undertaking to ensure the implementation and application of internationally agreed 
standards in the financial services sector for regulation and supervision, leaving the decisions of 
“equivalence” and “adequacy” to be determined by each side unilaterally in due course. The UK 
Parliament ratified the UK’s entry into, and implementation of, the TCA on 30 December 2020 
pursuant to the EU (Future Relationship) Act 2020. More broadly, the impact of Brexit on the 
economic outlook of the Eurozone and the UK, and associated global implications, remain uncertain, 
particularly in relation to the financial services sector. 
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on Swedbank Mortgage’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the S.O. Bonds. 
2.1.1.4 The global coronavirus pandemic has led to significant volatility in financial, commodities and other 
markets and could harm the business and results of operations of Swedbank Mortgage. 
An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (”COVID-19”), which first emerged in China in late 
December 2019, has since spread to other parts of the world. The measures Swedbank has taken to 
support its customers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, such as allowing amortisation deferrals 
for private and corporate customers, could have a significant effect on Swedbank Mortgage’s cash 
flows and liquidity. If mortgage borrowers are unable to repay their loans due to the effects of the 
pandemic, this could increase default rates and result in increased credit impairments.  
The financial strains caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have been and are expected to continue to 
be extensive in Swedbank Mortgage and the Swedbank Group’s home markets, and deteriorating 
macroeconomic conditions have led to an increase, and will likely lead to further increases, in 
Swedbank Mortgage and the Swedbank Group’s credit impairments. The situation caused by 
COVID-19 is unique and difficult to assess.  
The COVID-19 pandemic, combined with worsening labour market conditions, was expected to have 
an adverse effect on the Swedish housing market and housing prices. However, as reported in the 
Valueguard-KTH Housing Index Sweden, while housing prices fell slightly in April, they increased 
throughout the rest of the year, mainly for single-family homes, supported by lower interest rates and 
increased demand for larger living space due to the prevalence of remote working arrangements. In 
December 2020, housing prices were 10 per cent higher than in December 2019. The commercial 
real estate market was initially negatively affected by COVID-19 due to concerns about the financial 
markets, but recovered by the end of 2020. Economic contraction is expected to slow growth in 
rental levels and property values, depending on location and type of property. Property owners who 
are dependent on tenants in the retail, hotel, restaurant and leisure sectors risk lower rental income 
due to renegotiations and bankruptcies. Depending on the length and depth of the expected 
recession, other parts of the real estate sector could be affected as well, all of which could adversely 
affect borrowers’ ability to repay their loans. In addition, changed work patterns, such as increased 
remote work, may affect the real estate market.

--- Page 17 ---
9 
 
 
The extent of the impacts resulting from COVID-19 and other events beyond Swedbank Mortgage’s 
control will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, 
including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic 
and actions taken to contain COVID-19 or its impact, among others. Any of these factors could have 
a material adverse effect on Swedbank Mortgage’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations and in turn its ability to fulfil its obligations under the S.O. Bonds. 
The spread of COVID-19 has led Swedbank Mortgage and the Swedbank Group to modify their 
respective business practices, including the imposition of restrictions on employee travel and 
changes to working locations. Swedbank Mortgage and the Swedbank Group have also increased 
their efforts to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on their customers, which has led to 
rising costs.  
Swedbank Mortgage and the Swedbank Group may take further actions required by authorities or 
that it determines are in the best interests of its employees, customers, partners or suppliers. There 
is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by COVID-19, and the 
implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) could harm Swedbank Mortgage’s or the 
Swedbank Group’s ability to perform critical functions. The unavailability of staff could adversely 
impact the quality and continuity of service to customers and the reputation of Swedbank Mortgage. 
Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on Swedbank Mortgage’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations in addition to those described above and in turn its ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the S.O. Bonds. 
2.1.2 
Risks relating to Swedbank Mortgage’s business 
2.1.2.1 Credit risk and counterparty risk 
Swedbank Mortgage is exposed to credit risk, the risk that a counterparty, e.g. a borrower, fails to 
meet its contractual obligations towards the Group and the risk that the pledged collateral does not 
cover the claims. A deteriorating macroeconomic environment, major structural changes in specific 
industries, or an increased risk profile of Swedbank Mortgage’s loan portfolio could result in further 
provisioning and/or higher capital requirements. If the market value of collateral securing the 
payment of the loans made by Swedbank Mortgage declines, the collateral may be insufficient to 
cover the loans.  
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in Swedbank Mortgage's business. In particular, Swedbank Mortgage's 
exposures to corporate customers could be subject to adverse changes in credit quality in the event 
of a deterioration of the economic environment in Swedbank Mortgage's markets in Sweden. Actual 
credit impairments vary over the business cycle, and additional credit impairments may occur at a 
rate higher than experienced in the past due to the prevailing market conditions. In addition, actual 
credit impairments may exceed Swedbank Mortgage's allowances for anticipated credit impairment, 
thereby resulting in further unanticipated losses. 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of Swedbank Mortgage's borrowers and counterparties are 
likely to affect the recoverability and value of Swedbank Mortgage's assets and require an increase 
in Swedbank Mortgage's provisions for anticipated credit impairments, which in turn would adversely 
affect Swedbank Mortgage's financial performance. Additionally, a significant increase in the size of 
Swedbank Mortgage's allowance for credit impairments and credit impairments not covered by 
allowances would have a material adverse effect on Swedbank Mortgage's business, financial 
condition and results of operations and therefore its ability to fulfil its obligations under the S.O. 
Bonds.

--- Page 18 ---
10 
 
 
2.1.2.2 Market risk 
Swedbank Mortgage's interest rate risks arise when interest rate fixing periods on assets and 
liabilities do not coincide. Swedbank Mortgage has both floating-rate and fixed-rate assets which are 
actively managed and hedged to reduce interest rate risk, either through matched funding or through 
interest rate swap contracts. Swedbank Mortgage conducts lending in Swedish krona but funds 
loans in Swedish Krona and other currencies, in particular EUR and U.S. dollars, which are then 
swapped into Swedish krona. While Swedbank Mortgage aims to mitigate interest rate and foreign 
exchange risk arising from this mismatch between lending and funding currencies, there can be no 
assurance that such hedging will be effective in eliminating all or substantially all interest rate and/or 
foreign exchange risk. Should arrangements to mitigate market risk in Swedbank Mortgage fail, e.g. 
through failure by its counterparty to perform its obligations or make payments or otherwise, or 
changes in interest rates or currency rates, this might have a material adverse effect on Swedbank 
Mortgage's business, financial condition and results of operations and therefore its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the S.O. Bonds. 
2.1.2.3 Liquidity risk 
Swedbank Mortgage funds its lending primarily by issuing covered bonds on the Swedish and 
international capital markets. Remaining funding needs are met through loans from Swedbank AB. 
Swedbank Mortgage's funding capacity and ability to raise funding can deteriorate due to a number 
of different causes, such as a lowered credit rating, large financial losses, rumours or market price 
changes that affect the size of liquidity reserves. Some of those causes can also increase Swedbank 
Mortgage's funding needs as Swedbank Mortgage's counterparties demand a higher amount of 
collateral to perform transactions with Swedbank Mortgage. In addition, the volume of Swedbank 
Mortgage's funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained during periods of 
liquidity stress. 
Loans granted by Swedbank Mortgage usually have a legal maturity beyond the maturity of the 
corresponding funding, which makes Swedbank Mortgage dependent on its ability to continuously 
refinance its maturing debt with new funding. The inability of Swedbank Mortgage to anticipate and 
provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could have consequences on its 
ability to meet its obligations under the S.O. Bonds when they fall due. 
A significant portion of the Swedbank Group’s external long-term financing, including maturing 
subordinated debt, matures in the next 12 months. Disruptions, uncertainty and/or increased volatility 
in the global capital markets may have a material adverse effect on the Swedbank Group’s ability to 
raise new financing at all or on favourable terms. This could in turn have a material adverse effect on 
Swedbank Mortgage’s liquidity position, funding maturity profile and operating results. The 
availability of additional financing depends on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the 
availability of credit generally and, specifically for borrowers in the financial services industry, the 
volume of trading activities.   
2.1.2.4 Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of losses, business process disruptions or negative 
reputational impact resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems 
(including IT) or from external events. Operational risk also includes risk from external events not 
covered by any other risk type. Operational Risk is divided into Risk subtypes.

--- Page 19 ---
11 
 
 
Swedbank Mortgage is dependent on Swedbank, as the execution of a large part of the Company’s 
activities and functions is transferred to Swedbank. Responsibility for the execution of these 
functions and activities has been added to Swedbank through outsourcing and the tasks are 
integrated into Swedbank’s processes. 
Operational risk management is an integral part of Swedbank’s business operations. Each manager 
is responsible for identifying, evaluating and managing risks within their area of operation. All 
business units and staff functions use common methods and tools for operational risk management. 
These include risk assessment, control-assessment, incident management, reporting and 
monitoring, new products and product changes, contingency management, and security 
management. 
Group Risk within Swedbank is responsible for operational risk control for Swedbank Mortgage. The 
responsibility includes identification, measurement, evaluation, monitoring and reporting of 
operational risks, both the risks within the company as well as those related to the functions and 
activities outsourced to Swedbank. 
If Swedbank Mortgage, or Swedbank on its behalf, fails to manage these operational risks, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of 
Swedbank Mortgage and its ability to fulfil its obligations under the S.O. Bonds. 
2.1.2.5 Reliance on Swedbank 
Swedbank Mortgage relies on Swedbank for effectively all of its financial, funding, technical, 
operational, commercial and other support. These functions have been outsourced to Swedbank, 
which has integrated the operations of Swedbank Mortgage into its own operations, through an 
agreement that, among other things, gives Swedbank Mortgage access to the liquidity it needs to 
fulfil its payment obligations and regulatory liquidity requirements.  
If Swedbank should materially reduce its support to or otherwise fail in its commitments towards 
Swedbank Mortgage, for example as a result of failed internal process, Swedbank’s own access to 
credit, market conditions or other external events, this could have a material adverse effect on 
Swedbank Mortgage's business, financial condition and results of operations and its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the S.O. Bonds. 
2.1.2.6 Swedbank Mortgage operates in competitive markets and further increased competition may have 
an adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations.  
Swedbank Mortgage is subject to significant competition in the markets in which it operates. 
Competition may increase as a result of legislative, regulatory, technological or other factors. 
Increased competition or a decline in customer satisfaction could cause Swedbank Mortgage to lose 
business or compel it to price products on less advantageous terms, or otherwise have an adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Competition in the 
Swedish mortgage market has increased in recent years and has had and may continue to have a 
negative effect on Swedbank Mortgage margins in the future. Digitisation continues at a brisk pace 
and customers are increasingly banking through digital channels rather than visiting a branch, which 
is placing higher demands on the stability of IT systems and on the banking sector to adapt products 
and distribution channels. In addition, increased competitor participation in the financial sector 
generally may have an impact on the competitive landscape and on the way in which banks conduct 
their operations. At present, it is difficult to predict what the effects of this increased competitor 
participation will be, should it materialise. However, Swedbank Mortgage expects that in order to 
remain competitive, it will need to continuously improve customer offerings and cost efficiency to 
produce increased customer value. Swedbank Mortgage may experience stronger competition and

--- Page 20 ---
12 
 
 
greater pressure on profit margins. These and other changes in the competitive landscape could 
adversely affect Swedbank Mortgage’s business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, 
markets and/or prospects and, in turn, its ability to fulfil its obligations under the S.O. Bonds. 
2.1.2.7 Actions or inactions of savings banks which are parties to co operation agreements with Swedbank 
Mortgage may have a negative impact on Swedbank Mortgage. 
In the normal course of business, Swedbank Mortgage enters into various commercial agreements 
with companies related to the banking industry. Swedbank Mortgage has co operation agreements 
with Swedish savings banks, pursuant to which the co operating banks market and distribute a range 
of Swedbank Mortgage’s products and services through their own local branch networks. If the 
reputation or financial condition of one or more of the co operating banks, through action or inaction, 
were to be adversely affected while operating under a Swedbank trademark, Swedbank Mortgage’s 
reputation could also be adversely affected regardless of whether Swedbank Mortgage contributed 
to the action or inaction causing such reputational or financial injury, which in turn could have a 
material adverse effect on Swedbank Mortgage’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
2.1.3 
Legal and Regulatory risks 
2.1.3.1 Swedbank Mortgage may be adversely affected by significant adverse regulatory developments 
Swedbank Mortgage conducts its businesses subject to ongoing regulation and associated 
regulatory risks, including the effects of changes in the laws, regulations, policies, voluntary codes of 
practice and interpretations in Sweden. This is particularly the case in the current market 
environment, which is experiencing increased levels of government and regulatory intervention in the 
financial sector, which Swedbank Mortgage expects to continue for the foreseeable future. 
Swedbank Mortgage is subject to supervision by the Swedish FSA and to Swedish regulations 
regarding, among other things, capital adequacy, liquidity and solvency. In Sweden and elsewhere, 
there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of financial and mortgage institutions. Increased 
regulatory intervention may lead to requests from regulators to carry out wide ranging reviews of 
past sales and/or sales practices. 
Swedbank Mortgage’s activities are also subject to tax, computed in accordance with relevant 
legislation and practice. Revisions to tax legislation, such as a proposal by the Swedish government 
relating to increased taxes on banks or to such legislation’s interpretation may have an adverse 
effect on Swedbank Mortgage’s financial condition. Future changes in regulation, fiscal or other 
policies are unpredictable and beyond the control of Swedbank Mortgage and could materially 
adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, in late 2020, 
the Swedish government proposed a “risk tax” for credit institutions applicable from 1 January 2022 
(6 basis points during 2022 and 7 basis points thereafter). Institutions subject to the risk tax include 
credit institutions with total liabilities exceeding SEK 150 billion in domestic activities. The expected 
tax revenue for the Swedish state is SEK 6 billion per year (and SEK 5 billion in 2022) and would in 
practice, if implemented, be split among the major Swedish banks. The final proposal for the law is 
expected to be published in June 2021; however, it is uncertain whether the proposal will be 
implemented and, if so, whether it will match the current proposal or be adjusted. 
Swedbank Mortgage’s operations are contingent upon licenses issued by the Swedish authorities. 
Violations of rules and regulations, whether intentional or unintentional, may lead to the withdrawal of 
some of its licenses. Furthermore, any breach of these or other regulations may adversely affect 
Swedbank Mortgage’s reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition.

--- Page 21 ---
13 
 
 
Other regulations that have been implemented recently, including the GDPR, has resulted in new 
demands on operational processes, systems and resources. Swedbank Mortgage is unable to 
predict what regulatory changes may be imposed in the future as a result of regulatory initiatives in 
the EU and elsewhere or by the SFSA and other supervisory authorities. If Swedbank Mortgage is 
required to make additional provisions or to increase its reserves as a result of potential regulatory 
changes, this could adversely affect its results of operations. In addition, failure by Swedbank 
Mortgage to comply with regulatory requirements could result in significant penalties. 
2.1.3.2 Revisions to the capital adequacy standards and resolution powers could limit the use and amount of 
capital available for Swedbank Mortgage’s business  
Swedbank Mortgage, as a financial institution, is required to maintain minimum capital ratios, eligible 
liability levels and solvency levels prescribed by law. If the capital or eligible liabilities of Swedbank 
Mortgage or the Swedbank Group are not sufficient to meet the applicable requirements or if the 
applicable requirements increase or the rules concerning what counts as capital or eligible liabilities 
change, Swedbank Mortgage may need to raise additional capital and/or eligible liabilities in the 
future and it may not be able to obtain new equity capital or debt financing to meet such 
requirements on favourable terms. This could have a material adverse effect on Swedbank 
Mortgage’s business, financial condition and results of operations and in turn on its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the S.O Bonds.  
Moreover, developments in the regulatory framework, such as changes in the risk weighting of 
assets, may cause reductions in Swedbank Mortgage’s capital adequacy ratios and solvency levels 
and/or cause the applicable minimum capital or eligible liability requirements to increase. 
Additionally, macro-prudential authorities may change Swedbank Mortgage’s capital and/or eligible 
liability requirements in the future, when they deem it necessary to contain systemic risk. Changing 
regulations may make it expensive or difficult for Swedbank Mortgage to maintain its capital 
adequacy requirements. 
2.1.3.3 Harmonisation of the EU covered Bond framework 
The European Union’s covered bond directive and regulation came into effect on 7 January 2020. 
Certain changes will be made to the Act on Covered Bonds and the Swedish FSA Regulations. On 4 
November 2020 an Official Report of the Swedish Government (SOU 2020:61 (Sw: Ändrade regler 
om säkerställda obligationer)) was published containing, inter alia, proposals of the legislative 
amendments needed to implement the European Union’s covered bond directive and regulation in 
Sweden (the “Covered Bond Report”) (see further the section entitled “Summary of the Swedish 
Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds - Directive on covered bonds and proposal on Swedish 
implementation” on page 72 of this Base Prospectus). It should be noted that the Covered Bond 
Report is currently submitted for consultation and does not constitute a final proposal on the 
implementation of the European Union’s covered bond directive and regulation in Sweden. Hence, it 
is still unclear how the European Union’s covered bond directive and regulation in Sweden will affect 
the Swedish legislation governing covered bonds and there can be no assurances or predictions 
made as to the precise effect of the new regime on the Covered Bonds.  
2.1.3.4 The full scope and consequences of new derivatives and other financial regulations are as yet 
unknown and may impose additional regulatory burdens and costs that may affect the value of the 
S.O. Bonds.  
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation 648/2012 (“EMIR”) entered into force in all EU 
member states, including Sweden, on 16 August 2012. EMIR aims to increase stability and 
transparency in European OTC derivatives markets and includes measures to require the clearing of 
certain OTC derivatives contracts through central clearing counterparties, reporting of derivatives

--- Page 22 ---
14 
 
 
and risk mitigation techniques (including margin requirements) for uncleared OTC derivative 
contracts. A number of EMIR implementing measures have already been adopted and EMIR was 
amended in 2019 by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/834 (the “EMIR Refit”) but there may be further 
changes introduced by way of further implementing measures (such as a requirement to clear further 
classes of OTC derivative contracts) and also EMIR itself is scheduled to be further updated. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the regulatory changes arising from EMIR and its update 
could significantly increase the cost for Swedbank Mortgage of entering into or taking any other 
action in relation to derivative contracts and may adversely affect the value and return on the S.O. 
Bonds. 
In the United States, passage of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 
2010 (the “Dodd Frank Act”) has led to significant regulatory reforms affecting the financial services 
industry, including non U.S. banks. Among other things, the Dodd Frank Act addresses systemic risk 
oversight, bank capital standards, the orderly liquidation of failing systemically important financial 
institutions, over the counter (“OTC”) derivatives, increases oversight of credit rating agencies and 
regulates the ability of banking entities to engage as principal in proprietary trading activities and 
sponsor and invest in certain private funds (the “Volcker Rule”). The Dodd Frank Act and other post 
financial crisis regulatory reforms in the United States have increased costs, imposed limitations on 
activities, and resulted in an increased intensity in regulatory enforcement.  
In addition, Title VII of the Dodd Frank Act (“Title VII”), as well as other post financial crisis regulatory 
reforms in the U.S., have increased costs, imposed limitations on activities and resulted in an 
increased intensity in regulatory enforcement. Title VII established a comprehensive U.S. regulatory 
regime for derivatives, contracts, including swaps, security based swaps and mixed swaps. As these 
requirements have been implemented and continue to go into effect, it is clear that these new 
regulations could adversely affect the value, availability and performance of certain derivatives 
instruments and may result in additional costs and restrictions with respect to the use of those 
instruments. Swedbank Mortgage’s use of derivative instruments may be subject to the clearing, 
capital, margin, business conduct, reporting and/or recordkeeping requirements of Title VII or other 
related regulatory reforms, that may result in additional regulatory burdens and related costs and 
expenses. 
2.2 
Risks Relating to the S.O. Bonds  
Holders of S.O. Bonds have a priority right over assets in the Company’s cover pool according to the 
S.O. Act. In some situations, there is a risk that holders of S.O. Bonds would not have the expected 
priority right or that their priority right would prove to be less extensive than expected, and 
consequently have a negative impact on the market value of an S.O. Bond. For more information on 
the S.O. Act, see “Summary of the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds” below. 
2.2.1 
Legal Risks 
S.O. Bonds are mainly regulated by the S.O. Act and by the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw: 
Förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)). These Acts cannot provide explicit and detailed rules on every 
aspect or situation intended to be covered by them and may thus be subject to interpretation in 
future court rulings having a detrimental effect on the value of the S.O. Bonds. Moreover, 
amendments and modifications of the aforementioned Acts could have a negative impact on the 
Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds and on the ability of the holders of the S.O. Bonds to 
receive all amounts due in respect of the S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 23 ---
15 
 
 
2.2.2 
Failure to Comply with Matching Requirements 
According to the S.O. Act, the Company must comply with certain matching requirements with 
respect to the cover pool and the covered bonds. One of the requirements to maintain the matching 
of the cover pool is the maintenance of sufficient hedging. Hence, the Company’s matching of the 
cover pool is also dependent on the availability of derivative counterparties with a sufficient rating 
and the performance by such counterparties of their obligations under derivative contracts. 
Failure to comply with the matching requirements would mean that, upon the Company being 
declared bankrupt, the assets in the cover pool will no longer be separated, and that ordinary 
bankruptcy procedures will be applied. Payments will then no longer be made in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds, but in accordance with the provisions of the Bankruptcy 
Act (Sw: Konkurslagen (1987:672)). This may mean that a holder of S.O. Bonds will not receive full 
payment, and that any payment may be made in advance or in arrears. However, the priority right 
will remain. To the extent the cover pool does not cover the covered bonds and the derivative 
contracts, remaining claims will rank pari passu with other unsecured unsubordinated claims against 
the Company. 
2.2.3 
Deterioration of the Loan-to-Value Ratio 
If the value of property which has been mortgaged as security for the assets in the cover pool 
decreases substantially – and the Company does not take any action to restore the ratio between 
the value of the S.O. Bonds and the value of the assets in the cover pool – there is a risk that the 
Company will not be able to make full payment to the holders of S.O. Bonds. 
2.2.4 
No Gross-Up in respect of S.O. Bonds 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds, all payments in respect of the S.O. Bonds will 
be made without withholding or deduction in respect of any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges imposed or levied by or on behalf of Sweden unless such withholding or 
deduction of such taxes is required by law. In such circumstances, such withholding or deduction will 
be made and the Company will not be under any obligation to pay additional amounts to investors in 
respect of any such withholding or deduction and affected investors will receive interest payments 
net of such withholding. 
2.2.5 
No Events of Default 
The Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the 
Company, the occurrence of which would entitle holders to accelerate repayment of the S.O. Bonds, 
and holders will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the S.O. Bonds as and when 
they fall due under the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds. The absence of any events of 
default from the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds may make it less likely that holders will 
recoup their investment in full in the event that the Company experiences financial distress. 
2.2.6 
Timely Payments in the Event of Bankruptcy 
Provided that (and as long as) the cover pool meets the requirements of the S.O. Act (including the 
matching requirements), the assets in the cover pool, the S.O. Bonds and any relevant derivative 
contracts that have been entered into the applicable register are required to be maintained as a unit 
and kept segregated from other assets and liabilities of the bankruptcy estate of the institution. The 
administrators-in-bankruptcy are in such case required to procure the continued timely service of 
payments due under the S.O. Bonds and any relevant derivative contracts. Consequently, the 
bankruptcy would not as such result in early repayment or suspension of payments to holders of

--- Page 24 ---
16 
 
 
S.O. Bonds or to derivative counterparties, so long as the cover pool continues to meet the 
requirements of the S.O. Act. 
2.2.7 
Liquidity Following the Company’s Bankruptcy 
Upon a credit institution’s bankruptcy, neither the credit institution nor its bankruptcy estate would 
have the ability to issue further covered bonds. Following an amendment to the S.O. Act in 2010, the 
administrators-in-bankruptcy have been provided an explicit and broad mandate to enter into loan, 
derivative, repo and other transactions on behalf of the bankruptcy estate with a view to attaining 
matching of cash flows, currencies, interest rates and interest periods between assets in the cover 
pool, covered bonds and derivative contracts. However, there can be no assurance as to the actual 
ability of the bankruptcy estate to raise post-bankruptcy liquidity. 
2.2.8 
Levy of Execution on the Assets in the Cover Pool 
Due to what is generally regarded to be an oversight in the legislation, there is some uncertainty as 
to whether a creditor that obtains execution (Sw: Utmätning) against an asset or assets in the cover 
pool earlier than three months before the Company's bankruptcy could defeat the priority afforded to 
the holders of covered bonds in respect of that asset or those assets. Consequently, an execution by 
a creditor against assets in the cover pool more than three months prior to the Company's 
bankruptcy could have an adverse effect on the ability to make payments on covered bonds 
(including the S.O. Bonds, covered bonds issued under the Company's other debt issuance 
programmes and derivative transactions relating to both the Programme and the Company's other 
debt issuance programmes). An execution that is levied less than three months before the Company 
is declared bankrupt will typically not defeat the priority. 
2.2.9 
Conflicting Interests of Other Creditors 
In the event of the Company’s bankruptcy, the S.O. Act does not give clear guidance on certain 
issues, which may lead to a conflict between the holders of the S.O. Bonds, holders of any other 
covered bonds issued by the Company and counterparties to any derivative agreements on the one 
hand and other creditors of the Company on the other hand. Examples of such issues include (a) 
how proceeds from a loan partly registered to the cover pool should be distributed between the 
portion of such loan registered to the cover pool and the portion of such loan not registered to the 
cover pool and (b) how the proceeds of enforcement of a mortgage certificate should be distributed if 
this serves as collateral for two different loans ranking pari passu in the mortgage certificate where 
one such loan is not wholly or partly registered to the cover pool. The lack of clear guidance on these 
and similar issues may lead to unsecured creditors arguing that part of the proceeds from a loan 
and/or mortgage certificate should not be included in the cover pool or to any creditors with loans 
that rank pari passu in a mortgage certificate which also serves as collateral for a loan registered to 
the cover pool arguing that part of the proceeds from such mortgage certificate should not be 
included in the cover pool. 
2.2.10 Payment of Advance Dividends Post the Company’s Bankruptcy 
In the event of the Company’s bankruptcy, an administrator-in-bankruptcy could make advance 
dividend payments to creditors other than the holders of S.O. Bonds. Although it is likely that an 
administrator-in-bankruptcy would only authorise such advance dividend payments if satisfied that 
the cover pool contained significantly more assets than necessary to pay amounts owing to the 
holders of S.O. Bonds before making such payment, such payment of advance dividends could 
result in holders of S.O. Bonds not being paid in a timely manner.

--- Page 25 ---
17 
 
 
2.3 
Risks Relating to the Market 
2.3.1 
The Secondary Market Generally 
The S.O. Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop 
(for example, the S.O. Bonds may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market for the S.O. 
Bonds does develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their S.O. Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case should the Company be in financial distress, which may result in the sale of the 
S.O. Bonds having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for S.O. Bonds that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency and market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of S.O. Bonds would generally have a more limited secondary 
market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of the S.O. Bonds. 
2.3.2 
Lack of Liquidity in the Secondary Market May Adversely Affect the Market Value of the S.O. 
Bonds 
Generally weak global credit market conditions could contribute to a lack of liquidity in the secondary 
market for instruments similar to the S.O. Bonds. In addition, the recent liquidity crisis has limited the 
primary market for a number of financial products, including instruments similar to the S.O. Bonds. 
While some measures have been taken by governments, there can be no assurance that the market 
for securities similar to the S.O. Bonds will recover, either at all or at the same time or to the same 
degree as any other recovering global credit market sectors. 
A failure of the market for securities similar to the S.O. Bonds to recover from these conditions could 
adversely affect the market value of the S.O. Bonds. 
2.3.3 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The Company will pay principal and interest on the S.O. Bonds in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the S.O. Bonds, (ii) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the S.O. Bonds and (iii) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the S.O. Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Company to 
make payments in respect of the S.O. Bonds. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
2.3.4 
Interest Rate Risks 
Interest rate risk occurs when the interest rate payable on assets and liabilities for a fixed period do 
not coincide. Investments in S.O. Bonds with fixed interest involve a risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of fixed interest S.O. Bonds. Investments in

--- Page 26 ---
18 
 
 
S.O. Bonds with floating interest involve a risk of adverse changes in the interest rate payable on 
such S.O. Bonds. 
2.3.5 
Credit Ratings May Not Reflect All Risks 
S.O. Bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected to be assigned an "AAA" rating by 
Standard & Poor's and an "Aaa" rating by Moody's. There is no guarantee that such ratings will be 
assigned or maintained or that such credit ratings reflect the potential impact of all risks related to an 
investment in the relevant S.O. Bonds. Rating agencies may change their rating methodologies, 
which could lead to a change in the credit ratings assigned to the relevant S.O. Bonds. Accordingly, 
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant S.O. Bonds and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. Any such revision, 
suspension or withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the relevant S.O. Bonds.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant non-EEA rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK-
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings 
issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a 
UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a non-UK credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (i) the relevant UK 
registration or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended; and (ii) 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of non-UK ratings, for a certain 
limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the S.O. Bonds changes, for the purposes of the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the S.O. Bonds may have a 
different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the S.O. Bonds and their liquidity in any 
secondary market.  
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the front cover 
of this Base Prospectus and if a Tranche of S.O. Bonds is rated such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
2.4 
General Risks Relating to S.O. Bonds 
2.4.1 
Modification 
The Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds and the Fiscal Agency Agreement contain provisions 
for convening meetings of holders of S.O. Bonds to consider any matter affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders of S.O. Bonds including

--- Page 27 ---
19 
 
 
holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds also provide that the Fiscal Agent may agree, without 
the consent of the holders of the S.O. Bonds and without regard to the interests of particular holders 
of the S.O. Bonds, to any modification of any provision of the S.O. Bonds or the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Company (following the advice of an independent financial 
institution of international standing), not materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the 
S.O. Bonds or which is, in the opinion of the Company, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest or proven error. 
2.4.2 
Change of Law 
The Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds are governed by English law (except that Condition 3 
is governed by Swedish law) in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant S.O. Bonds. S.O. Bonds 
are issued in accordance with the S.O. Act. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to English law, Swedish law or English or Swedish 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant S.O. Bonds and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any S.O. Bonds affected by it. 
2.4.3 
S.O. Bonds Where Denominations Involve Integral Multiples: Definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds 
In relation to any issue of Bearer S.O. Bonds which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such S.O. Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a 
case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system would not be able 
to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of such S.O. Bonds 
such that its holding amounts to (at least) a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
Definitive Bearer S.O. Bond in respect of such holding (should such Definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of S.O. Bonds such that its holding amounts 
to (at least) a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Bearer S.O. 
Bonds which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
2.4.4 
Reliance on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global S.O. 
Bonds that may be deposited with a custodian for DTC or a common depositary or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in 
each Global S.O. Bond, investors will not be entitled to receive S.O. Bonds in definitive form. Each of 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants 
will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global S.O. Bond held through it. While the 
S.O. Bonds are represented by a Global S.O. Bond, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants.

--- Page 28 ---
20 
 
 
While the S.O. Bonds are represented by Global S.O. Bonds, the Company will discharge its 
payment obligation under the S.O. Bonds by making payments through the relevant clearing 
systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global S.O. Bond must rely on the procedures of the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the S.O. Bonds. The 
Company has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in any Global S.O. Bond. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global S.O. Bond will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the S.O. Bonds so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that 
they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
2.5 
Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of S.O. Bonds 
A wide range of S.O. Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these S.O. Bonds 
may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of certain of those features: 
2.5.1 
S.O. Bonds Subject to Optional Redemption by the Company 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of S.O. Bonds. During any period 
when the Company may elect to redeem S.O. Bonds, the market value of such S.O. Bonds generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period. 
The Company may consider it favourable to redeem S.O. Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower 
than the interest rate on the S.O. Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the S.O. 
Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
2.5.2 
Fixed/Floating Rate S.O. Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate S.O. Bonds will bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
S.O. Bonds as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Holders. Where 
the S.O. Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
S.O. Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate S.O. 
Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other S.O. Bonds. Where the S.O. Bonds convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those S.O. Bonds and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant S.O. Bonds. 
2.5.3 
S.O. Bonds Issued at a Substantial Discount or Premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 29 ---
21 
 
 
2.5.4 
In respect of any S.O. Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, 
there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
relating to any specific Tranche of S.O. Bonds may provide that it will be the Company’s intention to 
apply the net proceeds from an offer of those S.O. Bonds specifically for projects and activities that 
promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes ("Green Projects" and S.O. Bonds 
issued thereunder to be “Green Bonds”). Prospective investors should have regard to the information 
in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves 
the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together 
with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. Neither the Company nor the Dealers 
make any assurance or representation as to whether any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the 
relevant Green Projects).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given 
that, if such a definition, market consensus or label is developed in the future, any Green Bonds will 
comply with such definition, market consensus or label.  
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication 
in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on 18 June 2020 (the "Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of 
a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy"). The EU Taxonomy is subject 
to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through 
delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the 
Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission approved in principle the first 
delegated act (the "EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act") aimed at supporting sustainable 
investment by making it clearer which economic activities most contribute to meeting the EU’s 
environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out criteria for economic 
activities in the sectors that are most relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering on 
climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport 
and buildings. Criteria for other environmental objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in line 
with the mandates in the Taxonomy Regulation. Until all criteria for such objectives have been 
developed and disclosed it is not known whether any Green Projects will satisfy those criteria. 
Accordingly, alignment with the EU Taxonomy, once all criteria is established, is not certain. 
The Swedbank Green Bond Framework (as defined below) is subject to change in all respects at any 
time without notice. No assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses that are 
the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding 
such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including the EU 
Taxonomy) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects.

--- Page 30 ---
22 
 
 
Neither the Company nor the Dealers make any assurance or representation as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Company) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of 
any Green Bonds, the Swedbank Green Bond Framework generally, or any Green Projects to fulfil 
any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Company, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any 
such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the 
Company, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green 
Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Company, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Company to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, there can be no assurance 
that the relevant project(s) or use(s) that are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Green 
Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Company. 
Any such event or failure by the Company to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for 
any Green Projects will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Green Bonds; (ii) 
create an obligation for the Company to redeem the relevant Green Bonds; or (iii) create an option 
for the Holders to require redemption of the relevant Green Bonds. Any such event or failure to apply 
the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any Green Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of 
any opinion or certification provided in respect of the relevant Green Bonds by any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Company) or any such opinion or certification attesting that the 
Company is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification 
is opining or certifying on and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are 
intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 31 ---
23 
 
 
2.5.5 
There are risks that certain Reference Rates may be administered differently or discontinued 
in the future, including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely 
affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Floating Rate S.O. Bonds based on such 
Reference Rates. 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other Reference Rates which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject 
of recent international, national and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past or disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences that cannot be predicted as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Certain risks relating 
to such benchmarks are described below. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non- 
EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-
UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Floating Rate S.O. Bond which specifies Screen Rate Determination in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and where the applicable Reference 
Rate is deemed to be a benchmark, particularly if the methodology or other terms of such 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, 
or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of 
the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate S.O. Bond linked to a 
benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmark Regulation reforms 
and investigations in making any investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate S.O. Bond 
linked to a benchmark. 
Discontinuation of benchmarks

--- Page 32 ---
24 
 
 
LIBOR is the subject of ongoing regulatory reforms. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that LIBOR will not continue on the current basis. In particular, on 5 March 2021, the 
FCA announced the future cessation or loss of representativeness of the LIBOR benchmark settings 
currently published by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”). Pursuant to the latest FCA 
announcement, all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by an administrator or no longer 
be representative: (i) immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of all euro LIBOR and Swiss 
franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, 
the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month 
U.S. dollar LIBOR settings; and (ii) immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the overnight and 
12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (that is, the 1-
month, 3-month and 6-month sterling, U.S. dollar and Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will 
consult or continue to consider the case for using its proposed powers to require IBA to continue 
publishing these settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, though publication of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-
month Japanese yen LIBOR settings would cease permanently at the end of 2022. Nevertheless, the 
FCA confirmed that, even if it does require IBA to continue publishing any of these nine remaining 
LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, such settings will no longer be representative of the underlying 
market and the economic reality that such settings are intended to measure and representativeness 
will not be restored. Therefore, after 31 December 2021 (or 30 June 2023 in relation to the 1-month, 
3-month and 6-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings) all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided 
by any administrator or no longer be representative. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as LIBOR, EURIBOR and other reference rates which 
are deemed to be "benchmarks", the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the 
manner of administration of a benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-
linked securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest payments that are lower 
than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on 
those securities if the relevant benchmark was available in its current form. 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement for a Floating 
Rate S.O. Bond, in the event that the Company determines a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Company shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, with a view to the Company determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate. If any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in such manner and the 
Company, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
S.O. Bonds are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate and/or Alternative 
Rate or any Adjustment Spread, then the Company shall, subject to giving notice thereof, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Holders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. 
Bonds to give effect to such amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 33 ---
25 
 
 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Company, the Terms and Conditions of 
the S.O. Bonds also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Company to be 
applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The Adjustment Spread is 
(i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (which 
may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate, or (iii) if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the 
relevant S.O. Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than 
they would do if LIBOR or the relevant Original Reference Rate (as applicable) were to continue to 
apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. 
If the Company is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, it may still determine (i) the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate; and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark 
Amendments itself (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). If a Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or any Benchmark Amendment is not determined 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds, other fallback provisions under the Terms 
and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds may be required to be used, which may in certain circumstances 
result in the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period continuing to apply at the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, resulting in the relevant Floating 
Rate S.O. Bonds becoming, in effect, fixed rate securities (potentially until the relevant maturity date 
of the Floating Rate S.O. Bonds depending on whether (i) the Company exercises its option to re-
apply the fallback provisions contained in Condition 4(B)(ii)(C) and (ii) (if such fallback provisions are 
re-applied) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined pursuant to Condition 4(B)(ii)(C)). 
Even if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) are determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds, the 
overall Rate of Interest payable on the relevant Floating Rate S.O. Bonds may be less than it would 
have been had no Benchmark Event occurred.  
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. Dollars and the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
and (ii) "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR" is also specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for 
a Floating Rate Note, and the Company determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the S.O. Bonds in respect of such determination on 
such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates as described in Condition 4B(ii)(D). After 
such an event, interest on the relevant S.O. Bonds will no longer be determined by reference to the 
Benchmark, but instead will be determined by reference to the applicable Benchmark Replacement.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
 
 
The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the relevant 
S.O. Bonds by reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment), any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
and any other determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the terms of such S.O. 
Bonds in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, could adversely affect the value of such 
S.O. Bonds, the return on such S.O. Bonds and the price at which such S.O. Bonds can be sold. Any 
Benchmark Replacement will likely be a relatively new market index that may be altered or 
discontinued. 
Benchmark Discontinuation - general 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, 
or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or 
any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could 
have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and return on any such 
affected Floating Rate S.O. Bonds. 
2.5.6 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for floating rate 
securities 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference 
rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, 
including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of 
an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt 
an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the 
S.O. Bonds and used in relation to Floating Rate S.O. Bonds that reference a SONIA rate that are 
issued under this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the Company may in the future issue securities 
referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any 
previous SONIA-referenced S.O. Bonds issued by it under the Programme. The nascent 
development of SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued 
development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any SONIA-referenced S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on S.O. Bonds which reference SONIA is only capable of being determined at 
the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It may be difficult for investors in S.O. Bonds which reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such S.O. Bonds, and some investors may be unable 
or unwilling to trade such S.O. Bonds without changes to their IT systems, both of which could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such S.O. Bonds. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based S.O. Bonds, if 
S.O. Bonds are redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest 
payable for the final Interest Accrual Period in respect of such S.O. Bonds shall only be determined 
immediately prior to the date on which the S.O. Bonds become due and payable and shall not be 
reset thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as 
the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
S.O. Bonds referencing a SONIA rate.

--- Page 35 ---
27 
 
 
Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in securities such as the S.O. Bonds, the trading 
price of such S.O. Bonds linked to SONIA may be lower than those of S.O. Bonds linked to indices 
that are more widely used. Investors in such S.O. Bonds may not be able to sell such S.O. Bonds at 
all or may not be able to sell such S.O. Bonds at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such relevant S.O. Bonds. 
2.5.7 
Compounded SOFR and the SOFR Index are relatively new in the marketplace 
The interest payable on any Floating Rate S.O. Bonds for which the Reference Rate is specified as 
SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, will be based on Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using the SOFR 
Index published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (“FRBNY”) according to the specific 
formula described under Condition 4B(ii)(B)(IV), not the SOFR rate published on or in respect of a 
particular date during any Interest Accrual Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during 
such period. Since SOFR is a relatively new market rate, the relevant S.O. Bonds may have no 
established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or 
may not be very liquid. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on any such S.O. Bonds during 
any Interest Accrual Period will not necessarily be the same as the interest rate on other SOFR-
linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. Further, if 
the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Accrual Period is negative, its 
contribution to the SOFR Index will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to Compounded SOFR 
used to calculate the interest payable on the relevant S.O. Bonds on the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period. Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR as 
the interest rate and the method for calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those 
precedents varies. Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk 
free rates – such as SOFR - as reference rates in the capital markets. In August 2019 and May 
2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC") 
released model interest rate conventions for SOFR-linked securities (including for the calculation of 
Compounded SOFR); however, there currently is no uniform market convention with respect to the 
calculation of Compounded SOFR or SOFR generally. In addition, the FRBNY only began publishing 
the SOFR Index on 2 March 2020. Accordingly, the use of the SOFR Index or the specific formula for 
the Compounded SOFR rate used in any relevant S.O. Bonds may not be widely adopted by other 
market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that would likely 
adversely affect the market value of any such S.O. Bonds. 
2.5.8 
The SOFR Index has a limited history. The future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted 
based on the historical performance of SOFR 
Publication of SOFR and the SOFR Index, each published by the FRBNY, began on 3 April 2018 
and on 2 March 2020, respectively, and therefore each has a limited history. The future performance 
of SOFR cannot be predicted based on the limited historical performance. The level of SOFR during 
the term of any Floating Rate S.O. Bonds for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if 
any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR, such as correlations, may 
change in the future. While some pre-publication historical data has been released by the FRBNY, 
such analysis inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Changes in the levels 
of SOFR will affect Compounded SOFR and, therefore, the return on any relevant S.O. Bonds and

--- Page 36 ---
28 
 
 
the trading price of such S.O. Bonds, but it is impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or 
fall. There can be no assurance that Compounded SOFR or SOFR will be positive. 
2.5.9 
Compounded SOFR with respect to a particular Interest Accrual Period for Floating Rate S.O. 
Bonds for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be capable 
of being determined near the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
The level of Compounded SOFR applicable to a particular Interest Accrual Period and, therefore, the 
SOFR Index and amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Accrual Period will be 
determined on the Interest Determination Date (as defined in Condition 4B(ii)(B)(IV)) for such 
Interest Accrual Period. 
Because each such date is near the end of such Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest 
payable with respect to a particular Interest Accrual Period will not be known until shortly prior to the 
related Interest Payment Date and it may be difficult to reliably estimate the amount of interest that 
will be payable on each such Interest Payment Date. In addition, some investors may be unwilling or 
unable to trade the relevant S.O. Bonds without changes to their information technology systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity and trading price of any such S.O. Bonds.  
2.5.10 The SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued and Floating Rate S.O. Bonds for which the 
Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement may bear interest by reference to a 
rate other than Compounded SOFR, which could adversely affect the value of any such S.O. 
Bonds 
The SOFR Index is published by the FRBNY based on data received by it from sources other than 
the Company, and the Company has no control over its methods of calculation, publication schedule, 
rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR Index at any time. There can be no guarantee, 
particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any 
relevant S.O. Bonds. 
If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SOFR is 
calculated, is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on 
any relevant S.O. Bonds and the trading prices of such S.O. Bonds. In addition, the FRBNY may 
withdraw, modify or amend the published SOFR Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion and 
without notice. The interest rate for any Interest Accrual Period will not be adjusted for any 
modifications or amendments to the SOFR Index or SOFR data that the FRBNY may publish after 
the interest rate for that Interest Accrual Period has been determined. See "Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of S.O. Bonds – There are risks that certain Reference 
Rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, including the potential phasing-
out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, 
Floating Rate S.O. Bonds based on such Reference Rates – Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
SOFR" for further information.

--- Page 37 ---
29 
 
 
3. 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
The following information which has previously been published or is published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the audited financial statements of the Company as at 31 December 2020 (including the auditors’ 
report therein) contained in the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2020 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE78502254;  
(2) 
the audited financial statements of the Company as at 31 December 2019 (including the auditors’ 
report therein) contained in the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2019 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at  
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE53103444;  
(3) 
the following section from a previous base prospectus relating to the Programme which can be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE60963437: the section "Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds” (pages 27 to 58 inclusive) 
set out in the Base Prospectus dated 13 May 2020; 
(4) 
the following section from a previous base prospectus relating to the Programme which can be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE32290903: the section "Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds” (pages 77-105 inclusive) 
set out in the Base Prospectus dated 14 May 2019; 
(5) 
the following section from a previous base prospectus relating to the Programme which can be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://online.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-PPE1341654: 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds” (pages 78-105 inclusive) set out in the Base 
Prospectus dated 16 May 2018; and 
(6) 
the following section from a previous base prospectus relating to the Programme which can be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://online.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-PPE1341365: 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds” (pages 74-100 inclusive) set out in the Base 
Prospectus dated 30 November 2017. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Company and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any information incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
30 
 
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above or below) are either not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Company will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any S.O. Bonds, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of S.O. Bonds. The Company has undertaken to the Dealers in the Dealership Agreement 
that it will comply with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the financial statements, the notes and the 
auditors’ reports in the Company’s financial statements for 2020 and 2019 as set out in the respective annual 
reports: 
2020 Financial Statements 
Page reference 
1. 
Financial Statements and Notes 
p.11-58 
2. 
Auditors’ Report 
p.61-66 
2019 Financial Statements 
Page reference 
1. 
Financial Statements and Notes 
p.11-57 
2. 
Auditors’ Report 
p.58-62

--- Page 39 ---
31 
 
 
4. 
Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds which, when construed together with Part A of 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement in 
relation to any S.O. Bonds, will be applicable to each Series of S.O. Bonds: 
The S.O. Bonds are covered bonds issued in accordance with the Swedish Act (2003:1223) on Issuance of 
Covered Bonds (Sw: Lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) (the “S.O. Act”). The S.O. 
Bonds are the subject of an amended and restated fiscal agency agreement (the “Fiscal Agency Agreement”, 
which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto) dated 12 May 2021 and made 
between Swedbank Mortgage AB (publ) (the "Company”), Citibank, N.A., London Branch, in its capacities as 
fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch, in its capacity as such), as paying agent, as transfer agent and as exchange agent (the "Exchange 
Agent”, which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as 
such), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the "Registrar”, which expression shall include any 
successor to Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, in its capacity as such) and The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as paying agent (a “Paying Agent” and, together with the Fiscal Agent and any 
substitute or additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the 
"Paying Agents”) and as transfer agent (a "Transfer Agent” and, together with the Fiscal Agent and any 
substitute or additional transfer agents appointed in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the 
"Transfer Agents”). References herein to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents shall include any 
additional Paying Agent(s) and/or Transfer Agent(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined 
below) or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
A copy of each of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (as defined below) is available for 
inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and, in relation to a Tranche of Registered S.O. Bonds, 
the Registrar. 
All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any S.O. Bonds shall be deemed to 
have notice of and to be bound by all of the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement insofar as they relate 
to the S.O. Bonds. 
References herein to “Exempt S.O. Bonds” are to S.O. Bonds for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the FSMA. For the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions of the S.O. Bonds, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and “FSMA” 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended). 
The final terms of the S.O. Bonds (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in (i) in the case of S.O. 
Bonds other than Exempt S.O. Bonds, Part A of a final terms document (the "Final Terms") relating to the 
S.O. Bonds which completes these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions”) or (ii) in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") which supplements, amends, modifies and replaces 
these Conditions and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the Conditions, amend, modify or replace the Conditions for the purposes of the 
Exempt S.O. Bonds. References to the "applicable Final Terms” are accordingly to Part A of the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) relating to the S.O. Bonds and references to the “applicable Pricing 
Supplement” are accordingly to Part A of the Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) relating 
to the Exempt S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 40 ---
32 
 
 
Copies of the Final Terms will, in the case of S.O. Bonds admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at http://live.euronext.com. If the S.O. Bonds are to be admitted to trading on any other 
regulated market in the EEA, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant 
listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Copies of the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, will also 
be available, upon request, free of charge, at the registered office of the Company and the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent and, in relation to a Tranche of Registered S.O. Bonds, the Registrar, save that, if the Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, relate to S.O. Bonds which 
are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA or in the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
and/or the FSMA (including Exempt S.O. Bonds), copies will only be obtainable by a Holder of, or an 
Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) in respect of, such S.O. Bonds upon production of 
evidence satisfactory to the Company, the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar, as to its 
holding of such S.O. Bonds and identity or being such Accountholder, as the case may be. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means S.O. Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading and save that a Tranche may comprise S.O. Bonds in more than one denomination) 
and “Series” means a Tranche of S.O. Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of S.O. Bonds 
which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Words and expressions defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall have the same meanings where 
used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in 
the event of inconsistency between the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, will prevail. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, references to “S.O. Bonds” are to S.O. Bonds of the same Series and 
shall, as the context may require, be deemed to include any Temporary Global S.O. Bond, Permanent Global 
S.O. Bond, Definitive Bearer S.O. Bond, Restricted Registered Global S.O. Bond, Unrestricted Registered 
Global S.O. Bond or, as the case may be, Definitive Registered S.O. Bond (each as defined below). 
References in the Conditions to Coupons (as defined below) are to Coupons relating to S.O. Bonds of the 
relevant Tranche and to "Holders" shall include holders of Coupons, as the context may require. 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
Form 
1.01 
The S.O. Bonds are issued in bearer form (“Bearer S.O. Bonds”) or in registered form (“Registered 
S.O. Bonds”) and, in the case of definitive S.O. Bonds, serially numbered, in the currency (the “Specified 
Currency”) and the denomination(s) (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the Pricing Supplement. S.O. Bonds of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for S.O. Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
The S.O. Bonds may be Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds, Floating Rate S.O. Bonds or Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 41 ---
33 
 
 
Definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds are issued with Coupons attached unless they are Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds in 
which case references to Coupons and Coupon holders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Form of Bearer S.O. Bonds 
1.02 
Bearer S.O. Bonds will be issued as covered bonds (Sw: säkerställda obligationer) pursuant to the 
S.O. Act and will be represented upon issue by a temporary global S.O. Bond (a “Temporary Global S.O. 
Bond”) in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement. On or after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the S.O. Bonds of the relevant Tranche and provided certification as to the beneficial 
ownership thereof as required by United States Treasury Regulations section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance 
with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010) has been received, interests in the Temporary Global S.O. Bond may 
be exchanged for either (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement): 
(i) 
interests in a permanent global S.O. Bond (a Permanent Global S.O. Bond”) representing the S.O. 
Bonds of that Tranche and in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out 
in the Fiscal Agency Agreement; or 
(ii) 
Bearer S.O. Bonds in definitive form (“Definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds”) serially numbered and in 
substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement. 
1.03 
In the case of Bearer S.O. Bonds, if any date on which a payment of interest is due on the S.O. 
Bonds of a Tranche occurs whilst any of the S.O. Bonds of that Tranche are represented by the Temporary 
Global S.O. Bond, if such payment falls due before the Exchange Date, the related interest payment will be 
made on the Temporary Global S.O. Bond upon and to the extent of delivery to or to the order of any of the 
Paying Agents outside the United States of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
issued by Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) 
and dated not earlier than the relevant interest payment date. 
Payments of principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Global S.O. Bond will be made through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg without any requirement for certification. References to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
1.04 
In the case of Bearer S.O. Bonds, interests in the Permanent Global S.O. Bond will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, (free of charge to the Holder) for Definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, either: 
(i) 
upon not less than 45 days’ written notice (expiring at least 30 days after the Exchange Date (as 
defined in the relevant Temporary Global S.O. Bond)) being given to the Fiscal Agent by the bearer 
of the Permanent Global S.O. Bond; or 
(ii) 
upon not less than 45 days’ written notice (expiring at least 30 days after the Exchange Date) being 
given to the Fiscal Agent by the bearer of the Permanent Global S.O. Bond only upon the 
occurrence of any Exchange Event, or by the Company upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event 
described in (ii) below.

--- Page 42 ---
34 
 
 
“Exchange Event” means (i) either of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention to cease 
business permanently; or (ii) if the Company or any Paying Agent, by reason of any change in, or 
amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment 
under the S.O. Bonds which would not be required if such S.O. Bonds were in definitive form. 
1.05 
Interest-bearing Definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be security-printed and will 
have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, talons for 
further Coupons (“Talons”), presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain 
circumstances specified below. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Bearer S.O. Bonds in global form 
do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Form of Registered S.O. Bonds 
1.06 
Registered S.O. Bonds will be issued as covered bonds (Sw: Säkerställda obligationer) pursuant to 
the S.O. Act and will be represented upon issue by S.O. Bonds in the following form: 
(i) 
S.O. Bonds initially sold within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) will be represented by beneficial interests 
in a restricted registered global S.O. Bond (a “Restricted Registered Global S.O. Bond”) in 
substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, which will be deposited with a custodian for The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) and 
registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of DTC; and 
(ii) 
S.O. Bonds initially sold to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act will be represented by beneficial interests in an unrestricted registered global S.O. 
Bond (an “Unrestricted Registered Global S.O. Bond”) in substantially the form (subject to 
amendment and completion) set out in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, which will be deposited either 
(i) with a custodian for DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of DTC for the 
account of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective participants, 
or (ii) with a common depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for, and in respect 
of, interests held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a 
nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a 
nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
An interest in either the Restricted Registered Global S.O. Bond or the Unrestricted Registered Global S.O. 
Bond (each a “Registered Global S.O. Bond”) may be exchanged for a definitive Registered S.O. Bond (a 
“Definitive Registered S.O. Bond”) in the limited circumstances set out in such Registered Global S.O. Bond. 
A Definitive Registered S.O. Bond may be exchanged for another Definitive Registered S.O. Bond under 
certain circumstances described in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. In relation to any Tranche, prior to the 
expiry of the period that ends 40 days after the later of the date of issue of such Tranche and the completion 
of the distribution of such Tranche, beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Registered Global S.O. Bond will 
only be exchangeable for interests in a Restricted Registered Global S.O. Bond in accordance with the 
certification requirements described in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
Registered S.O. Bonds will not be exchangeable for Bearer S.O. Bonds or vice versa.

--- Page 43 ---
35 
 
 
The Depository Trust Company 
1.07 
Registered S.O. Bonds will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be the subject of an application by the Company to DTC for 
the acceptance of such Registered S.O. Bonds into DTC’s book-entry settlement system. If such application 
is accepted, one or more Registered S.O. Bonds (each a “DTC S.O. Bond”) in denominations equivalent in 
aggregate to the aggregate principal amount of relevant Registered S.O. Bonds which are to be held in such 
system will be issued to DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other person as may be 
nominated by DTC for the purpose as nominee for DTC. Thereafter, such registered nominee will be the 
holder of record and entitled to rights in respect of each DTC S.O. Bond. Accordingly, each person having a 
beneficial interest in a DTC S.O. Bond must rely on the procedures of the institutions having accounts with 
DTC to exercise any rights of such person. So long as Registered S.O. Bonds are traded through DTC’s 
book-entry settlement system, ownership of a beneficial interest in the relevant DTC S.O. Bond will (unless 
otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be shown on, and transfers of such 
beneficial interest may be effected only through, records maintained by (a) DTC or its registered nominee (as 
to DTC-participant interests) or (b) institutions having accounts with DTC (including, without limitation, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
Surrender of Global S.O. Bonds in Exchange for Definitive S.O. Bonds 
1.08 
In order to exchange interests in a global S.O. Bond for definitive S.O. Bonds, a Holder must 
surrender or, as the case may be, present the relevant Temporary Global S.O. Bond or Permanent Global 
S.O. Bond at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, present the relevant Registered 
Global S.O. Bond at the specified office of the Registrar or its agent, together, in each case, with a request in 
writing specifying the principal amount of such Temporary Global S.O. Bond or Permanent Global S.O. Bond 
or, as the case may be, Registered Global S.O. Bond, to be exchanged. Any such definitive S.O. Bonds shall 
be issued pursuant to the terms of the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
1.09 
If default is made by the Company in the required delivery of definitive S.O. Bonds and such default 
is continuing at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the Temporary Global S.O. Bond or 
Permanent Global S.O. Bond or Registered Global S.O. Bond, as the case may be, first becomes 
exchangeable for definitive S.O. Bonds, such global S.O. Bond will become void in accordance with its terms 
but without prejudice to the rights of the accountholders with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, in relation thereto under a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”, which 
expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto) dated 13 May 2020 and executed and 
delivered by the Company in relation to the S.O. Bonds. 
2. 
Title 
2.01 
Title to Bearer S.O. Bonds and Coupons passes by delivery. References herein to the “Holders” of 
Bearer S.O. Bonds or of Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer S.O. Bonds or Coupons. 
2.02 
Title to Registered S.O. Bonds passes by registration in the register which is kept by the Registrar. 
References herein to the “Holders” of Registered S.O. Bonds are to the persons in whose names such S.O. 
Bonds are so registered. 
2.03 
The Holder of any S.O. Bond will (except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory 
requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss 
thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.

--- Page 44 ---
36 
 
 
Transfer of Registered S.O. Bonds in definitive form 
2.04 
Definitive Registered S.O. Bonds may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) upon 
the surrender of the Registered S.O. Bond to be transferred for registration of the transfer of the Registered 
S.O. Bond (or the relevant part thereof), together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly competed and 
executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. A new Registered S.O. Bond will be 
issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered S.O. Bond, a new 
Registered S.O. Bond in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
2.05 
Each new Registered S.O. Bond to be issued upon the transfer of Registered S.O. Bonds in 
definitive form will, within three London Business Days (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) of the 
effective receipt of such form of transfer by the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent at its specified office, 
be available for delivery at the specified office of the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent. For these 
purposes, a form of transfer received by the Registrar or the Transfer Agent during the period of 15 London 
Business Days ending on the due date for any payment on the relevant Registered S.O. Bond shall be 
deemed not to be effectively received until the day following the due date for such payment. 
2.06 
The issue of new Registered S.O. Bonds on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Company or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such 
indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges which may be 
imposed in relation thereto. 
2.07 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Restricted Registered S.O. Bonds of any Tranche 
bearing the private placement legend (the “Rule 144A Legend”) set forth in the form of Restricted Registered 
S.O. Bond set out in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Registrar shall deliver only Registered S.O. Bonds of 
such Tranche that also bear such legend unless either (i) such transfer, exchange or replacement occurs 
one year or more after the later of (1) the original issue date of S.O. Bonds of such Tranche or (2) the last 
date on which the Company or any affiliates (as defined below) of the Company as notified to the Registrar 
by the Company as provided in the following sentence, was the beneficial owner of such S.O. Bond (or any 
predecessor of such S.O. Bond) or (ii) there is delivered to the Registrar an opinion reasonably satisfactory 
to the Company of counsel experienced in giving opinions with respect to questions arising under the 
securities laws of the United States to the effect that neither such legend nor the restrictions on transfer set 
forth therein are required in order to maintain compliance with the provisions of such laws. 
2.08 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global S.O. Bonds will be effected by DTC, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global S.O. Bond will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for S.O. Bonds in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in 
another Registered Global S.O. Bond only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement and only in accordance with 
the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
Transfers of a Registered Global S.O. Bond registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to 
transfers of such Registered Global S.O. Bond, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a 
successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee. 
3. 
Status 
The S.O. Bonds of each Tranche constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Company and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. The S.O. Bonds are obligations issued in accordance with the

--- Page 45 ---
37 
 
 
S.O. Act and rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Company that have been provided the same 
priority as S.O. Bonds issued in accordance with the terms of the S.O. Act. 
4. 
Interest 
4A. 
Interest on Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate S.O. Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the S.O. Bonds are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of S.O. Bonds in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds which are represented by a global S.O. Bond, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds represented by such 
global S.O. Bond; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate S.O. Bond in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate S.O. Bond shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4A: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
in the case of S.O. Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the

--- Page 46 ---
38 
 
 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of S.O. Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(aa) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(bb) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, one cent. 
4B. 
Interest on Floating Rate S.O. Bonds  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate S.O. Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, each date (each such 
date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) 
which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Accrual Period (as defined below).

--- Page 47 ---
39 
 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day 
in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment 
Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(aa) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4B(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(bb) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(cc) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(dd) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions:  
“Business Day” means: 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System (as defined below)) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement; 
(2) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, or in 
the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open; and 
(3) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in respect of 
which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to 
(but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the S.O. Bonds

--- Page 48 ---
40 
 
 
become due and payable in accordance with Condition 5, shall be the date on which such S.O. 
Bonds become due and payable); and 
“Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.   
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate S.O. Bonds will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate S.O. Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this subparagraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Fiscal Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Fiscal Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the S.O. Bonds (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under 
which: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(II) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(III) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate S.O. Bonds 
(I) 
Reference Rate other than SONIA (Non Index), SONIA (Index) or SOFR Index 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement is not

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 
 
SONIA (Non Index), SONIA (Index) or SOFR Index, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Interest Determination Date" shall mean the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, or if none is so 
specified: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") (other than 
Sterling or Euro LIBOR), the second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is Sterling LIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period; 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is Euro LIBOR or the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
("EURIBOR"), the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period; 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate ("STIBOR"), the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(v) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate ("NIBOR"), the 
Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(vi) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate ("CIBOR"), the first 
day of each Interest Period; 
(vii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate ("TIBOR"), the second 
Tokyo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(viii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"), the first 
day of each Interest Period. 
“Reference Banks” shall mean, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal 
London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-

--- Page 50 ---
42 
 
 
zone inter-bank market, and, in each case of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not 
LIBOR or EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks 
in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre in each case selected by the 
Company on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
"Reference Rate" shall mean (i) LIBOR; (ii) EURIBOR; (iii) STIBOR; (iv) NIBOR; (v) CIBOR; 
(vi) TIBOR; or (vii) HIBOR, in each case for the relevant period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds only, such other Reference Rate as shall 
be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" shall mean (i) London, in the case of a determination of LIBOR; 
(ii) Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR; (iii) Stockholm, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR; (iv) Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR; (v) 
Copenhagen, in the case of a determination of CIBOR; (vi) Tokyo, in the case of a 
determination of TIBOR; or (vii) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds only, such other Relevant 
Financial Centre as shall be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement and includes such 
successor or replacement page on the relevant service which displays the relevant 
information. 
"Relevant Time" shall mean (i) in the case of LIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; (ii) in the case of 
EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; (iii) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; (iv) in the case of NIBOR, 
12.00 noon; (v) in the case of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; (vi) in the case of TIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; or 
(vii) in the case of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m., in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or, in 
the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, such other time as shall be specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(I), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4 (b)(ii)(B)(II), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the rate per annum which the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case 
may be, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the

--- Page 51 ---
43 
 
 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the London interbank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the 
Eurozone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank market of 
the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Company suitable for the purpose) informs the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, it is quoting to leading banks in the London interbank 
market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Eurozone interbank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other 
Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period).  
(II) 
SONIA (Non Index) Floating Rate S.O. Bonds 
Where (x) “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined; and (y) the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being SONIA (Non Index), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided in Condition 4B(ii)(C) below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such 
Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the applicable Margin.  
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
   1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
365
 −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
 × 365
𝑑 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in:

--- Page 52 ---
44 
 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number 
of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
 (i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including 
such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from and 
including the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period;  
“p” means:  
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for any 
Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking Days included in the Lag 
Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking Days

--- Page 53 ---
45 
 
 
included in the Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day); and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, in respect 
of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA 
reference rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to 
the relevant London Banking Day “i”; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”, the SONIA reference rate for 
the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
If, subject to Condition 4B(ii)(C), in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, 
determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be:  
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business 
on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with the paragraph 
above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
reference rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference 
rate, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall, to the extent that 
it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA reference 
rate for any London Banking Day “i” for the purpose of the relevant Series of S.O. Bonds for 
so long as the SONIA reference rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 4B(ii)(C), the

--- Page 54 ---
46 
 
 
Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Series of S.O. Bonds for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the S.O. Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).  
(III) 
SONIA (Index) Floating Rate S.O. Bonds 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, is 
SONIA (Index), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 
4B(ii)(C), be the SONIA Compounded Index Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) the applicable Margin. 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference 
rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in question in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“London Banking Day” and “Observation Period” have the meanings set out in Condition 
4B(ii)(B)(II); 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;  
“p” means the number of London Banking Days included in the SONIA Compounded Index 
Observation Shift Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five 
London Banking Days); 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA Compounded Index 
administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator thereof);

--- Page 55 ---
47 
 
 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant Observation Period; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the last 
day of the relevant Observation Period; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any London Banking Day, the value 
of the SONIA Compounded Index as published on the Relevant Screen Page on such 
London Banking Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained 
from the Relevant Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as may 
replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) in respect 
of the relevant London Banking Day.     
Subject to Condition 4B(ii)(C), if the SONIA Compounded Index Value is not available in 
relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant Screen Page or the Bank of 
England’s website (or such other page or website referred to in the definition of “SONIA 
Compounded Index Value” above) for the determination of either or both of SONIA 
Compounded IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined as set out in 
Condition 4B(ii)(B)(II) above plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the applicable Margin 
and as if SONIA (Index) were specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as being “Not Applicable”, and for 
these purposes: (A) (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” 
and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the “SONIA 
Compounded Index Observation Shift Period”, as if those alternative elections had been 
made in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement; and (B) the “Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the 
“Relevant Fallback Screen Page” specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(IV) 
SOFR Index Floating Rate S.O. Bonds 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, is 
SOFR Index, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be equal to the Compounded SOFR rate on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
In this Condition 4B(ii)(B)(IV): 
"Compounded SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage 
rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 56 ---
48 
 
 
   
 
where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR Index 
value on the day which falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR Index 
value on the day which falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the payment date relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
"SOFR Index" means, with respect to a U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
the value of the SOFR Index published on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such value appears on the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York’s Website at the Relevant Time; or 
(2) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the 
Relevant Time, then: 
i. if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date (each as defined in Condition 4B(ii)(D)) have not occurred with respect 
to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
the provisions below; or 
ii. if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall 
be the rate determined pursuant to Condition 4B(ii)(D); 
"SOFR" means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided on the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website; 
"dc" means, with respect to an Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date that falls p U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days before each Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any other day 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and 
including) the day that falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the first day 
in such Interest Accrual Period, to (but excluding) the day that falls p U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days before the relevant payment date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"p" means two, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 57 ---
49 
 
 
"Relevant Time" shall mean 3.00 p.m. in New York City, or such other time as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which, due to a recommendation of the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or its successor), the fixed income departments of its members are 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If on any Interest Determination Date a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published 
and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as 
defined in Condition 4B(ii)(D))) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, "Compounded 
SOFR" means, for the relevant Interest Accrual Period for which such index is not available, 
the rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with 
the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, published at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information 
(or 
any 
successor source). For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall be replaced with 
"Observation Period" and the words "that is, 30-, 90- or 180- calendar days" shall be 
removed. If the daily SOFR ("SOFRi") does not so appear for any day "i" in the Observation 
Period, SOFRi for such day "i" shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York’s Website. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
(C) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
This Condition 4B(ii)(C) applies only if “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement and where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined. 
(a) 
If the Company determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Company shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to the Company determining a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4B(ii)(C)(b)(ii)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 4B(ii)(C)(c)) and/or any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4B(ii)(C)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4B(ii)(C) shall act in good faith 
and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Company, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents or the Holders for any determination made by it or for any advice 
given to the Company in connection with any determination made by the Company, pursuant 
to this Condition 4B(ii)(C). 
(b) 
If the Company, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:

--- Page 58 ---
50 
 
 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the S.O. Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4B(ii)(C)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the S.O. 
Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 4B(ii)(C)). 
(c) 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
If the Company, following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment 
Spread. 
(d) 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4B(ii)(C) and the Company, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and 
(ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Company shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4B(ii)(C)(e)), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Holders, vary these Conditions and/or the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4B(ii)(C)(d)), the 
Company shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the S.O. Bonds are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
If the Company is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in accordance with this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(C), the Company, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, may still determine (i) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (ii) in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) (with the relevant provisions in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) applying mutatis 
mutandis to allow such determinations to be made by the Company without consultation with 
an Independent Adviser). 
Where this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(e) applies, without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the 
purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Company will take into account any 
relevant and applicable market precedents and customary market usage as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets. 
(f) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4B(ii)(C) will be notified promptly 
by the Company to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition

--- Page 59 ---
51 
 
 
12, the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Company shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Company: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4B(ii)(C); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if applicable) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be binding on the Company, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(g) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Company under Condition 4B(ii)(C) the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4B(ii)(B) will continue to 
apply unless and until either a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (and any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) is determined pursuant to this 
Condition 4B(ii)(C). 
In such circumstances, the Company will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, 
to elect to re-apply the provisions of Condition 4B(ii)(C), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified 
(and, until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4B(ii)(B) will continue to apply). 
(h) 
As used in this Condition 4B(ii)(C): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i)     
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate), 
(ii)     
the Company determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner is customarily applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Company determines 
that no such spread is customarily applied), 
(iii)  
the Company determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or

--- Page 60 ---
52 
 
 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Company 
determines in accordance with Condition 4B(ii)(C)(b)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the S.O. Bonds. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4B(ii)(C)(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
consecutive Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(5) 
an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, with effect from a date after 31 December 2021, that the Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(6) 
it has become unlawful for Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the Company or any 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
Original Reference Rate,  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of 
subparagraphs (2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Company at its 
own cost under Condition 4(B)(ii)(C)(a). 
“Original Reference Rate” means:

--- Page 61 ---
53 
 
 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the S.O. Bonds; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of 
Condition 4B(ii)(C). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(i) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference 
Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(D) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR 
This Condition 4B(ii)(D) applies only if (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars and the 
Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, is SOFR Index and (ii) "Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR" is also specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(a) 
If the Company determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the S.O. Bonds in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(b) 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Company will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.  
If the Company exercises its right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes at 
any time, at the request of the Company, but subject to receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a 
certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Company pursuant 
to Condition 4B(ii)(D)(d), the Fiscal Agent shall (at the expense of the Company), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, be obliged to concur with the 
Company in effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
In connection with any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance 
with this Condition 4B(ii)(D), the Company shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange 
on which the S.O. Bonds are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 62 ---
54 
 
 
(c) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Company pursuant to this 
Condition 4B(ii)(D), including (A) any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection and (B) for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, will be conclusive 
and binding (in the absence of manifest error) and subject as provided in this Condition 
4B(ii)(D)), may be made in the Company’s sole discretion, and, subject as provided in this 
Condition 4B(ii)(D)), shall become effective without consent from any other party. 
(d) 
Any Benchmark Replacement and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes determined under this Condition 4B(ii)(D) will be notified promptly by 
the Company to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 12, 
the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Company shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Company: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, (ii) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and (iii) 
where applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 4B(ii)(D); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if applicable) are 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of the relevant Benchmark Replacement. 
 
The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if 
any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and 
binding on the Company, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders.  
(e) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 4B(ii)(D): 
 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the 
then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Company as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Company 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate S.O. bonds at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 63 ---
55 
 
 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Company as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Company giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate S.O. 
bonds at such time; 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of "Interest Accrual Period", timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest) that the Company decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice 
(or, if the Company decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Company determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Company determines is 
reasonably necessary);  
 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event" the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event" the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the Relevant Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not 
Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Company in accordance with the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in accordance with the

--- Page 65 ---
57 
 
 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period.  
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating 
Rate S.O. Bonds for the relevant Interest Accrual Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate S.O. Bonds which are represented by a global S.O. Bond, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the S.O. Bonds represented by such global S.O. 
Bond; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate S.O. Bonds in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate S.O. Bond in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such S.O. Bond shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4B: 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Accrual Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Accrual Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Accrual Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366;

--- Page 66 ---
58 
 
 
(D) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Accrual 
Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls;

--- Page 67 ---
59 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(G) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Accrual Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Accrual Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 4B(v), “Designated Maturity” means, (a) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity, as referred to in Condition 4B(ii)(A). 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any other day on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due) to be notified to the Company, the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered S.O. Bonds) and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate S.O. Bonds 
are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any other day 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due) so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate S.O. Bonds are for the time 
being listed and to the Holders of the S.O. Bonds in accordance with Condition 12. For the purposes 
of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4B, by the 
Fiscal Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error and proven error) be 
binding on the Company, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Holders of the S.O. 
Bonds and (in the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Company or the Holders 
shall attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent 
If the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies that a Calculation Agent will be appointed in place of the Fiscal Agent for the 
purposes of calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) as aforesaid, references in this 
Condition 4B to the Fiscal Agent shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as 
references to such Calculation Agent. 
4C. 
Accrual of Interest 
Each S.O. Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of an S.O. Bond, that part only of such S.O. 
Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue thereon (as well after as before 
any demand or judgment) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of the S.O. Bonds or such other 
rate as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, until the date on which, upon (except in the case of any payment where presentation 
and/or surrender of the relevant S.O. Bond is not required as a precondition of payment) due presentation of 
the relevant S.O. Bond, the relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except in the case of any payment where 
presentation and/or surrender of the relevant S.O. Bond is not required as a precondition of payment), the 
seventh day after the date on which, the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar having received 
the funds required to make such payment, notice is given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 12 of

--- Page 69 ---
61 
 
 
that circumstance (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant 
Holder). 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
Redemption at Maturity 
5.01 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each S.O. Bond will be 
redeemed by the Company at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date. 
Redemption at the Option of the Company (Company Call) 
5.02 
If Company Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Company may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 12; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Registrar (in the case of Registered S.O. Bonds); 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only 
of the S.O. Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
In the case of a partial redemption of S.O. Bonds, the S.O. Bonds to be redeemed (“Redeemed S.O. Bonds”) 
will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed S.O. Bonds represented by definitive S.O. 
Bonds, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion) and/or DTC and/or SIS, as the case may be, in the case of Redeemed S.O. Bonds 
represented by a global S.O. Bond, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date 
of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed S.O. Bonds represented 
by definitive S.O. Bonds, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed S.O. Bonds will be published in 
accordance with Condition 12 not less than 15 days (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) prior to the 
date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant global S.O. Bond will be permitted during the period 
from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 5.02 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Company to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 12 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
Purchase of S.O. Bonds 
5.03 
Subject to Condition 2.07, the Company or any Subsidiary (as defined in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement) of the Company may at any time purchase S.O. Bonds in the open market or otherwise and at 
any price.

--- Page 70 ---
62 
 
 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased S.O. Bonds 
5.04 
All unmatured S.O. Bonds redeemed or purchased in accordance with this Condition 5 (provided, in 
the case of definitive S.O. Bonds that all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating thereto are attached or 
surrendered therewith) will be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. References in this Condition 5 to 
the purchase of S.O. Bonds by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall not include the 
purchase of S.O. Bonds in the ordinary course of business of dealing in securities or the purchase of S.O. 
Bonds otherwise than as beneficial owner. 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds 
5.05 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon S.O. Bond upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon S.O. Bond pursuant to Condition 5.01 or 5.02 above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon S.O. Bond shall be the amount calculated as equal to RP 
x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the S.O. Bonds to (but excluding) the Late 
Payment Date and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the S.O. Bonds to 
(but excluding) the Late Payment Date and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the S.O. Bonds to (but excluding) the Late Payment Date and the denominator will be 365); and 
“Late Payment Date” means the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon S.O. Bond have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon S.O. Bonds has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 12. 
6. 
Taxation 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in respect of 
the S.O. Bonds or Coupons by or on behalf of the Company will be made without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law in which case such withholding or deduction 
will be made.

--- Page 71 ---
63 
 
 
7. 
Payments 
7A. 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident 
of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the 
payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to which 
Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a Euro 
cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States 
and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement). 
7B. 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 7A above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds, and payments of interest in respect 
of Definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in 
each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, 
its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Except as provided below, all payments of interest and principal with respect to Bearer S.O. Bonds will be 
made at such paying agencies outside the United States as the Company may appoint from time to time and 
to accounts outside the United States. 
Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity S.O. Bonds (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), 
failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined below) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on 
which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the Fiscal

--- Page 72 ---
64 
 
 
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the first date on which the full amount of such moneys has been 
so received and notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the Holders of the S.O. Bonds of the 
relevant Series in accordance with Condition 12. 
Upon any Fixed Rate S.O. Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate S.O. Bond or Long Maturity S.O. Bond in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity S.O. Bond” is a Fixed Rate S.O. Bond (other than a Fixed Rate 
S.O. Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such S.O. Bond shall cease to be a Long Maturity S.O. Bond on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such S.O. Bond. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer S.O. Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Definitive Bearer S.O. Bond from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant Definitive Bearer S.O. Bond. 
7C. 
Payments in Respect of Bearer S.O. Bonds in Global Form 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of S.O. Bonds represented by any bearer global S.O. 
Bond will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive Bearer 
S.O. Bonds or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant bearer global S.O. Bond, where applicable, 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such bearer global S.O. Bond at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such bearer global S.O. 
Bond either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable. 
7D. 
Payments in Respect of Registered S.O. Bonds 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered S.O. Bonds (whether or not in global form) will be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 7A above to the persons in whose name such S.O. Bonds are registered at 
the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the Registrar is located) immediately prior to the relevant payment date against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of such S.O. 
Bonds at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Payments of interest due on a Registered S.O. Bond (whether or not in global form) will be made in the 
manner specified in Condition 7A to the persons in whose name such S.O. Bond is registered (i) where in 
global form, at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) prior to such due date and (ii) where in definitive form, 
at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located) (the “Record Date”)) prior to such due date. In the case of payments by cheque, 
cheques will be mailed to the Holder (or the first named of joint Holders) at such Holder’s registered address 
on the business day (as described above) immediately preceding the due date.

--- Page 73 ---
65 
 
 
If payment in respect of any Registered S.O. Bonds is required by credit or transfer as referred to in 
Condition 7A above, application for such payment must be made by the Holder to the Registrar not later than 
the relevant Record Date. 
7E. 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
The Holder of a global S.O. Bond shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of S.O. 
Bonds represented by such global S.O. Bond and the Company will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the Holder of such global S.O. Bond in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown 
in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of S.O. Bonds represented by such global S.O. Bond must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the 
Company to, or to the order of, the Holder of such global S.O. Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer S.O. Bonds is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Bearer S.O. Bonds will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(i) 
the Company has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at 
such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the 
S.O. Bonds in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Company, adverse tax consequences to the Company. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global S.O. Bond in respect 
of S.O. Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the 
Registrar (or the Fiscal Agent acting on the Registrar’s behalf) to an account in the relevant Specified 
Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. 
dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
7F. 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any S.O. Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
Holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
“Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of S.O. Bonds in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;  
(B) 
each Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement; and

--- Page 74 ---
66 
 
 
(C) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; and 
(ii) 
either (I) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (II) in relation to any 
sum payable in Euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
7G. 
Interpretation of Principal 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the S.O. Bonds shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the S.O. Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the S.O. Bonds; and 
(iii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Company 
under or in respect of the S.O. Bonds. 
8. 
Prescription 
8.01 
The S.O. Bonds (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims 
in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five 
years (in the case of interest) after the due date for payment. 
8.02 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7B or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 7B. 
9. 
The Paying Agents, Transfer Agents, Exchange Agent and the Registrar 
The initial Paying Agents, Transfer Agents, Exchange Agent and Registrar and their respective initial 
specified offices are specified below. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any 
Series of S.O Bonds, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. The Company reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent (including the Fiscal Agent), 
Transfer Agent, Exchange Agent or Registrar and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, Transfer 
Agents, Exchange Agents or Registrars provided that it will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a 
Registrar (in the case of a Series of Registered S.O. Bonds) which, if the Registrar originally appointed in 
respect of such Series had its specified office outside the United Kingdom, shall also have a specified office 
outside the United Kingdom other than Sweden, (iii) a Paying Agent with a specified office in continental 
Europe (but outside the United Kingdom) other than Sweden, (iv) if and so long as any S.O. Bonds are 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange, regulated market and/or 
quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent, a Transfer Agent or a Registrar in any 
particular place, a Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered S.O. Bonds) a Transfer Agent or Registrar 
having its specified office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange, regulated market 
and/or quotation system, and (v) so long as any of the Registered Global S.O. Bonds payable in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, an Exchange Agent.

--- Page 75 ---
67 
 
 
In addition, the Company shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in 
the circumstances described in Condition 7E.  
The Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents, the Exchange Agent and the Registrar reserve the right at any time 
to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same city. Notice of all 
changes in the identities or specified offices of the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents, the Exchange Agent 
or the Registrar will be made promptly to the Holders. 
10. 
Replacement of S.O. Bonds and Coupons 
If any S.O. Bond or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of the Registrar (in the case of Registered S.O. Bonds) (and if the S.O. 
Bonds are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent 
having its specified office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses incurred in such replacement and upon such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Company and the Fiscal Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced S.O. Bonds and Coupons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be delivered therefor. 
11. 
Meetings of Holders; Modification 
11.01 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated herein) 
for convening meetings of the Holders of S.O. Bonds of any Series to consider any matter affecting their 
interest, including (without limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement) of any S.O. Bonds, any Coupons, any of the Conditions or the Deed of Covenant. An 
Extraordinary Resolution (i) passed at any meeting of the Holders of S.O. Bonds of any Series or (ii) passed 
by way of electronic consents given by Holders through the relevant clearing system(s) shall be binding on 
all Holders of such Series, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they had voted 
on the resolution and on all Coupon holders (if any).  
11.02 
The Fiscal Agent may, together with the other parties to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, agree, 
without the consent of the Holders of the S.O. Bonds or Coupons or any of the Accountholders (as defined in 
the Deed of Covenant), to any modification of the Fiscal Agency Agreement or of any S.O. Bonds or 
Coupons or of the Deed of Covenant which, in the opinion of the Company (following the advice of an 
independent financial institution of international standing), is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Holders of such S.O. Bonds or Coupons or the Accountholders under the Deed of Covenant or which is, in 
the opinion of the Company, of a formal, minor or technical nature or to any modification which is necessary 
to correct a manifest or proven error. 
12. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer S.O. Bonds 
12.01 
Notices to Holders of Bearer S.O. Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
daily newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if 
such publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English-language newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe or, in the case of a Temporary Global S.O. Bond or Permanent Global S.O. Bond, if 
delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the persons shown in 
their respective records as having interests therein. Provided that, in the case of S.O. Bonds listed on a stock 
exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the

--- Page 76 ---
68 
 
 
place or places required by those rules or by such other means as required by the relevant stock exchange 
or relevant authority. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of first such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of first such publication) or, as the case may be, on 
the date of such delivery. 
To Holders of Registered S.O. Bonds 
12.02 
In the case of any Registered S.O. Bonds represented by a global S.O. Bond, notices shall be 
deemed to be validly given if delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for 
communication by them to the persons shown in their respective records as having interests therein. Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such delivery. 
Notices to Holders of Registered S.O. Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail to 
them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at their 
respective addresses as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing and, in addition, for so long as any 
Registered S.O. Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules or by such other means as 
required by the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority. 
To the Company 
12.03 
Notices to the Company will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to the Company at its official 
address registered with the Swedish Companies Office from time to time, for the attention of the Head of 
Group Treasury, and will be deemed to have been validly given at the opening of business on the next day 
on which the Company’s principal office is open for business. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Company may from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any S.O. Bonds of any Series 
create and issue further notes, bonds or debentures having the same terms and conditions as the S.O. 
Bonds of such Series in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price, the first payment 
of interest, if any, on them and the date from which interest starts to accrue) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the S.O. Bonds of such Series. 
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
14.01 
The S.O. Bonds, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, all matters arising from or 
connected with them and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except that Condition 3 is governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Swedish Law. 
14.02 
The Company irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Holders of the S.O. Bonds that the courts of 
England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any 
disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the S.O. Bonds (respectively, “Proceedings” and 
“Disputes”) (including any Proceedings or Disputes relating to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith) and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. The 
Company irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of England 
being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes and agrees 
not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. The Company agrees that the 
process by which any Proceedings in England are begun may be served on it by being delivered to Business 
Sweden, The Swedish Trade & Invest Council at its office at 6th Floor, Winchester House, 5 Upper Montagu

--- Page 77 ---
69 
 
 
Street, London, W1H 2AG, United Kingdom. If Business Sweden, The Swedish Trade & Invest Council 
ceases to have an office in England, the Company shall forthwith appoint another person in England to 
accept service of process on its behalf in England and notify the name and address of such person to the 
Fiscal Agent. Nothing contained herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law. The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not be construed so as 
to) limit the right of the Holders of the S.O. Bonds or any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent permitted by 
applicable law. 
15. 
Third Parties Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any S.O. Bonds under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act.

--- Page 78 ---
70 
 
 
5. 
Use and Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each Tranche of S.O. Bonds will, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be 
applied/allocated by the Company as follows:  
(a) 
where “General Business Purposes” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for its general business 
purposes; or 
(b) 
where “Green Bonds” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement, to a sub-portfolio of loans with a special 
purpose to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets that fulfil the 
Eligibility Criteria (each as defined below and as amended from time to time) set out in the 
Swedbank Green Bond Framework, as amended from time to time (the “Swedbank Green 
Bond Framework”). 
The estimated net amount of proceeds of each Tranche of S.O. Bonds will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Eligible Green Assets  
The Swedbank Green Bond Framework’s “Eligibility Criteria” are intended to provide environmental benefits 
and promote the transition to low-carbon, climate resilient and sustainable economies through loans and 
investments in Nordic and Baltic countries in one or more of the following areas (“Eligible Green Assets”): 
 
Renewable energy projects, defined as renewable energy from wind energy, solar energy and small-
scale hydro energy (in the case of small-scale hydro energy, Eligible Green Assets will be limited to 
those in Nordic countries). 
 
Energy efficiency, defined as green buildings, including residential or commercial buildings that earn 
certain recognised third-party environmental certifications, or other energy efficiency projects, 
including infrastructure, technology and processes such as energy storage, smart grid solutions and 
district heating/cooling. 
 
Sustainable management of living natural resources, defined as sustainable forestry and agriculture 
that meet certain recognised third-party environmental standards. 
 
Pollution prevention and control, defined as sustainable waste management, including recycling, 
waste-to-energy generation, incineration of non-recyclable municipal waste and energy generation 
from forest biomass from forests that meet certain recognised third-party environmental standards. 
 
Clean transportation, defined as public passenger transport and low carbon vehicular solutions, 
systems and charging/supporting infrastructure aimed at reducing air pollution. 
Green Asset Evaluation and Selection Process 
Swedbank’s business units select potential eligible green assets and prepare applications with supporting 
documentation for submission to Swedbank’s Group Sustainability department. Group Sustainability then 
performs a sustainability analysis for each application to determine whether the relevant asset satisfies the 
Eligibility Criteria. If approved by Group Sustainability, the application is then submitted to Swedbank’s Green 
Bond Committee. The Green Bond Committee, chaired by the Head of Group Sustainability and comprising

--- Page 79 ---
71 
 
 
representatives from Swedbank Group Risk, Swedbank Group Treasury, Swedbank LC&I and Swedish 
Banking, is responsible for final approval of all Eligible Green Assets. 
Management of Proceeds 
Once an Eligible Green Asset has been approved, it is registered in Swedbank’s green asset register (the 
“Green Asset Register”). Swedbank Group Treasury monitors the Green Asset Register on a quarterly basis 
to ensure that all proceeds from Green Bond issuances are allocated to a corresponding amount of Eligible 
Green Assets. Swedbank Group Treasury also ensures that the aggregate amount of Eligible Green Assets 
in the Green Asset Register is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount to be raised by a given 
issuance of Green Bonds. Proceeds of Green Bonds may be reallocated to other Eligible Green Assets 
during the term of the bond, including in the event that the original Eligible Green Assets are no longer the 
Green Assets Register. 
If for any reason the aggregate amount in the Green Asset Register is less than the total outstanding amount 
of Green Bonds issued, Swedbank will invest the excess proceeds in accordance with its internal 
sustainability policy framework and liquidity reserve requirements. 
Reporting 
The Swedbank Green Bond Framework is available at https://www.swedbank.com/investor-relations/debt-
investors/green-bonds.html.  
Swedbank will, on an annual basis, publish an impact report (a “Green Bond Impact Report”). Each Green 
Bond Impact Report will detail the total amount of Eligible Green Assets in the Green Asset Register and the 
total amount of Green Bonds outstanding at its date. The Green Bond Impact Report will also provide details 
on the environmental impacts of the Eligible Green Assets at the portfolio level. Green Bond Impact Reports 
will be published until the maturity of the relevant Green Bonds and be made available on the Swedbank 
website. For the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in, or accessible through, the Swedbank 
website is not incorporated by reference, and does not constitute part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Swedbank has also engaged an independent external auditor to review the allocation of Green Bond 
proceeds to Eligible Green Assets. Such auditor will be requested to provide a limited assurance report on 
the compliance of the allocation of such proceeds with the Swedbank Green Bond Framework on an annual 
basis, which report will be included in the Green Bond Impact Report.  
The Swedbank Green Bond Framework is subject to change in all respects at any time without notice. In 
addition, neither the Company nor the Dealers make any assurance or representation as to (i) whether the 
Eligible Green Assets will meet the relevant environmental and sustainability criteria or the expectations of 
investors regarding environmental impact and sustainability performance, (ii) whether the net proceeds of 
any Green Bonds will be capable of being applied in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base 
Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or (iii) the specific characteristics of the 
Eligible Green Assets. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of S.O. Bonds 
—In respect of any S.O. Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, there can be 
no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor.”

--- Page 80 ---
72 
 
 
6. 
Summary of the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Swedish Act (2003:1223) on Issuance of Covered 
Bonds (Sw: Lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) (the “S.O. Act”) at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. It does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Swedish 
legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. See also "Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the S.O. 
Bonds" above. 
6.1 
Introduction 
The S.O. Act entered into force on 1 July 2004. It enables Swedish banks and credit market undertakings 
(Sw: Kreditmarknadsföretag) (“institutions”), which have been granted a specific licence by the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw: Finansinspektionen) (the “Swedish FSA”) to issue full-recourse debt 
instruments secured by a pool of mortgage credits and/or public sector credits (a “cover pool”). An institution 
may have more than one cover pool, each securing different full recourse debt instruments. If an institution 
has two or more cover pools it must maintain a separate special register for each such pool (see further 
below). 
The Swedish FSA has issued regulations and recommendations under the authority conferred on it by the 
S.O. Act (Sw: Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna råd om säkerställda obligationer (FFFS 2013:1)) 
(the “Swedish FSA Regulations”).  
Swedish covered bonds may take the form of bonds and other comparable debt instruments, such as 
commercial paper. 
In the event of an institution’s bankruptcy, holders of covered bonds (and certain eligible counterparties to 
derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of matching the financial terms of the assets in the cover 
pool with those of the covered bonds) benefit from a priority right in the pool of assets. The S.O. Act further 
enables such holders (and derivative counterparties) to continue to receive timely payments also following 
the institution’s bankruptcy, subject to certain conditions being met. 
The cover pool is dynamic in the sense that an institution may supplement or substitute assets in the cover 
pool at any time, provided that the assets satisfy the eligibility criteria, as set out below. 
6.2 
Registration 
Information in respect of all covered bonds, assets in the cover pool and relevant derivative contracts must 
be entered into a special register (the “Register”), which is maintained by the institution. The actual 
registration of the covered bonds and relevant derivative contracts in the Register is necessary to confer the 
priority right in the cover pool. Further, only assets entered into the Register form part of the cover pool. 
At all times the Register must show the nominal value of the covered bonds, the cover pool and the relevant 
derivative contracts. As a result, the Register requires regular updating on a daily basis, including without 
limitation due to changes in interest rates, interest periods, outstanding debt and the composition of the 
cover pool. The value of the underlying collateral securing mortgage credits in the cover pool must also be 
entered into the Register.

--- Page 81 ---
73 
 
 
6.3 
Eligibility Criteria for Assets in the Cover Pool 
The cover pool may consist of certain mortgage credits, public credits and supplemental assets. 
Mortgage credits are defined as loans secured by (i) mortgages over real property (Sw: Fastigheter) intended 
for residential, agricultural, office or commercial purposes or site leasehold rights (Sw: Tomträtter) intended 
for residential, office or commercial purposes, (ii) pledges over tenant-owner rights (Sw: Bostadsrätter), or 
(iii) comparable security interests over equivalent assets situated in other countries within the EEA. 
Public credits are defined as certain loans to (or guaranteed by) inter alia the Kingdom of Sweden, Swedish 
municipalities and comparable public bodies, the European Union and the European Atomic Energy 
Community, certain foreign states and central banks and certain foreign municipalities and comparable 
public bodies with powers of taxation. 
Supplemental assets consist primarily of government bonds and cash, although the Swedish FSA may also 
authorise the use of certain debt instruments issued by credit institutions and other bodies as supplemental 
assets. 
6.4 
Loan-to-Value Ratios and Certain Other Restrictions 
For mortgage credits, there is a maximum loan amount which may be included in the cover pool, depending 
on the value of the underlying collateral: 
 
For residential collateral, a loan may be included in the cover pool only to the extent the loan amount 
does not exceed 75 per cent of the market value of the collateral; 
 
For agricultural collateral, a loan may be included in the cover pool only to the extent the loan 
amount does not exceed 70 per cent of the market value of the collateral; and 
 
For office or commercial collateral, a loan may be included in the cover pool only to the extent the 
loan amount does not exceed 60 per cent of the market value of the collateral. 
Should a loan exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within the permitted limit may be 
included in the cover pool (a “Partly Eligible Loan”). The S.O. Act does not explicitly regulate how proceeds 
in respect of a Partly Eligible Loan shall be distributed between the eligible and the non-eligible parts of the 
loan. 
The most likely interpretation is that interest payments shall be allocated pro rata between the eligible and 
non-eligible parts of the loan and that amortisations shall be applied first towards the non-eligible part of the 
loan (absent enforcement of the security over the underlying collateral). However, it has been suggested 
(although there is no legal precedent for this) that the proceeds from enforcement of the security should be 
applied first towards the eligible part of the loan. 
A similar situation arises if, for example, the same mortgage security serves as first-ranking security for two 
(or more) loans granted by an institution and only one of these loans is included in the cover pool. The S.O. 
Act does not give clear guidance as to how proceeds shall be allocated between the two loans in case of the 
institution’s bankruptcy. The lack of guidance may give room for unsecured creditors of the institution to 
argue that only a pro rata portion of such proceeds shall be allocated to the loan included in the cover pool. 
The S.O. Act restricts the overall proportion of loans provided against security over real property (or site 
leasehold rights or tenant-owner rights) intended for office or commercial purposes to 10 per cent of an 
institution’s cover pool.

--- Page 82 ---
74 
 
 
Furthermore, the proportion of supplemental assets may not exceed 20 per cent of the cover pool, although 
the Swedish FSA has the authority to raise this limit to 30 per cent for a limited period in special 
circumstances. 
Institutions are required to regularly monitor price development in the property markets in which they are 
active as lenders. When market prices decline, the institutions shall determine whether the market value of 
the mortgage assets that serve as collateral for loans included in the cover pool are at least as high as when 
last valued. If market prices decline significantly the market value of the relevant mortgage assets shall be 
reassessed. Market values of mortgage assets that serve as collateral for loans included in the cover pool 
shall be determined on an individual basis by a competent valuer. Market values for one and two family-
dwellings and for residences with tenant-owner rights may be based on general price levels. If the market 
value of a mortgage asset declines significantly, then only such part of the loan that falls within the permitted 
loan-to-value ratio will be eligible for inclusion in the cover pool and will be subject to the priority right 
described below.  
The S.O. Act does not define when a decline in value is to be considered “significant”, but it is generally 
believed that a decline of close to 15 per cent or more would be considered significant while a lesser decline 
would not. Pursuant to the Swedish FSA Regulations, the issuer of covered bonds will be permitted to make 
revaluations of the cover pool upwards in limited and well-documented circumstances but if the issuer uses 
the right to adjust upwards it shall also make corresponding revaluations downwards when relevant (and 
therefore also when the change in the value downwards is less than 15 per cent). However, a decline in the 
market value following an institution’s bankruptcy would not result in a reduction of the assets in which 
holders of covered bonds (and relevant derivative counterparties) have a priority right, but could result in the 
cover pool ceasing to meet the matching requirements. 
6.5 
Matching Requirements 
The S.O. Act prescribes that the nominal value of the cover pool shall at all times be at least 2 per cent 
higher than the aggregate nominal value of claims that may be asserted against an institution by reference to 
covered bonds.  
Furthermore, an institution must compose the cover pool in such a way as to ensure a sound balance 
between the covered bonds and the assets in the cover pool in terms of currencies, interest rates and 
interest fixation periods. Such sound balance is deemed to exist when the present value of the cover pool at 
all times exceeds the present value of the liabilities relating to the covered bonds with at least 2 per cent. The 
present value of derivative contracts shall be taken into account for the purposes of such calculation. 
Also, the payment flows relating to the assets in the cover pool, derivative contracts and covered bonds shall 
be such that an institution is at all times able to meet its payment obligations towards holders of covered 
bonds and relevant derivative counterparties. 
The Swedish FSA Regulations contain further details as to calculation of present values, stress tests, the 
terms of the derivative contracts and other items. For example, assets in the cover pool which are more than 
60 days overdue must be disregarded for the purposes of the matching tests. The issuer must also carry out 
sensitivity (or "stress") tests regularly and at least once a year with respect to possible future changes in 
market values of the assets secured on mortgages in the cover pool. The tests shall be based on 
assumptions of reduced market values of between 5 and 30 per cent and the issuer shall inform the Swedish 
FSA of actions that the issuer could undertake to improve the matching between assets in the cover pool and 
the covered bond liabilities in circumstances of reduced asset values.

--- Page 83 ---
75 
 
 
6.6 
Supervision by the Swedish FSA and the Independent Inspector 
The Swedish FSA monitors an institution’s compliance with the S.O. Act and other provisions of the 
legislative and regulatory framework which regulate the business of the institution. In addition, the Swedish 
FSA appoints an independent inspector (Sw: Oberoende granskare) for each institution that issues covered 
bonds. 
The independent inspector is responsible for monitoring the Register on an ongoing basis to assess whether 
or not it is being maintained correctly and in compliance with the S.O. Act and the Swedish FSA Regulations. 
In particular, the independent inspector shall verify that (i) covered bonds and relevant derivative contracts 
are registered in the Register, (ii) only loans and supplemental assets that satisfy the eligibility criteria are 
included in the cover pool and registered in the Register, (iii) the valuations of the underlying collateral for 
loans in the cover pool are in accordance with the S.O. Act and the Swedish FSA Regulations, (iv) mortgage 
loans the underlying collateral of which has decreased significantly in value are, for the purpose of the 
matching requirements, deducted from the cover pool to the extent necessary to comply with the relevant 
loan-to-value ratio and (v) the matching requirements are complied with. According to the Swedish FSA 
Regulation, the independent inspector is to use a "risk based approach" in its inspection of the issuer’s 
compliance with the rules and regulation. 
The independent inspector is entitled to request information from the institution, conduct site visits and is 
required to report regularly and to submit a written report at least once a year to the Swedish FSA. The S.O. 
Act does not provide for any change to the independent inspector’s remit upon the bankruptcy of an 
institution. 
6.7 
Benefit of a Priority Right in the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the S.O. Act and the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw: Förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)), holders 
of covered bonds benefit from a priority right in the cover pool should the institution be declared bankrupt 
(Sw: Försatt i konkurs). The same priority is awarded to the institution’s eligible counterparties to derivative 
contracts entered into for the purpose of matching the financial terms of the assets in the cover pool with 
those of the covered bonds. Such derivative counterparties and the holders of covered bonds rank pari 
passu with joint seniority in relation to the cover pool. 
By virtue of the aforementioned priority, holders of covered bonds and relevant derivative counterparties rank 
ahead of unsecured creditors and all other creditors of the institution in respect of assets in the cover pool 
(except the administrator-in-bankruptcy as regards fees for his administration of assets in the cover pool and 
costs for such administration and obligations under liquidity loans and other agreements entered into by the 
administrator-in bankruptcy on behalf of the bankruptcy estate with a view to fulfilling the matching 
requirements for the cover pool (see further below)). The priority right also covers cash received by an 
institution and deriving from the cover pool or relevant derivative contracts, provided that certain 
administrative procedures have been complied with. 
Due to what is generally regarded as an oversight in the legislation, there is some uncertainty as to whether 
a creditor that obtains execution (Sw: Utmätning) against an asset in the cover pool earlier than three months 
before an institution’s bankruptcy could defeat the priority afforded to holders of covered bonds and 
derivative counterparties as regards such asset. However, an execution that is levied less than three months 
before the institution is declared bankrupt will typically not defeat the priority. 
6.8 
Administration of the Cover Pool in the Event of Bankruptcy 
Should an institution be declared bankrupt, at least one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed by 
the bankruptcy court and one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed by the Swedish FSA. The

--- Page 84 ---
76 
 
 
administrators-in-bankruptcy would take over the administration of the bankruptcy estate, including the cover 
pool. 
Provided that (and as long as) the cover pool meets the requirements of the S.O. Act (including the matching 
requirements), the assets in the cover pool, the covered bonds and any relevant derivative contracts that 
have been entered into the Register are required to be maintained as a unit and kept segregated from other 
assets and liabilities of the bankruptcy estate of the institution. The administrators-in-bankruptcy are in such 
case required to procure the continued timely service of payments due under the covered bonds and any 
relevant derivative contracts. Consequently, the bankruptcy would not as such result in early repayment or 
suspension of payments to holders of covered bonds or to derivative counterparties, so long as the cover 
pool continues to meet the requirements of the S.O. Act. 
Upon an institution’s bankruptcy, neither the institution nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to 
issue further covered bonds. However, the S.O. Act gives the administrators-in-bankruptcy an explicit and 
broad mandate to enter into loan, derivative, repo and other transactions on behalf of the bankruptcy estate 
with a view to attaining matching of cash flows, currencies, interest rates and interest periods between 
assets in the cover pool, covered bonds and derivative contracts. Counterparties in such transactions will 
rank senior to holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties. The administrators-in-bankruptcy may 
also raise liquidity, for example, by selling assets in the cover pool in the market. 
If the cover pool ceases to meet the requirements of the S.O. Act, and the deviations are not just temporary 
and minor, the cover pool may no longer be maintained as a unit and the continuous payment under the 
terms and conditions of the covered bonds and derivative contracts will cease. The holders of covered bonds 
and derivative counterparties would in such case instead benefit from a priority right in the proceeds of a sale 
of the assets in the cover pool in accordance with general bankruptcy rules. This could result in the holders 
of covered bonds receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the 
terms and conditions of the covered bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or the holders of covered 
bonds not being paid in full. However, the holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties would 
retain the benefit of the right of priority in the assets comprising the cover pool. Any residual claims of the 
holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties remain valid claims against the institution, but will 
rank pari passu with other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the institution. 
6.9 
Directive on covered bonds and proposal on Swedish implementation 
The European Union’s covered bond directive and regulation, consisting of a directive and a regulation 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (the “Capital Requirements Regulation” or the “CRR”), came into 
effect on 7 January 2020 (jointly, the “New EU Covered Bond Legislation”). Among other things, the New EU 
Covered Bond Legislation lays down the conditions that covered bonds have to meet in order to be 
recognised under European Union law, aiming to strengthen investor protection in the European Union by 
imposing specific supervisory duties.  
On 4 November 2020 an Official Report of the Swedish Government (SOU 2020:61 Sw: (Ändrade regler om 
säkerställda obligationer)) was published containing inter alia proposals of the legislative amendments 
needed to implement the New EU Covered Bond Legislation in Sweden (the “Covered Bond Report”). See 
below for a summary of the main amendments to the Covered Bonds Act proposed in the Covered Bond 
Report. It should be noted that Covered Bond Report is currently submitted for consultation and does not 
constitute a final proposal on the implementation of the New EU Covered Bond Legislation. Hence, it is still 
unclear how the New EU Covered Bond Legislation will affect the Swedish legislation governing covered 
bonds.

--- Page 85 ---
77 
 
 
Assets in the cover pool  
The Covered Bond Report proposes that the provisions of the Covered Bonds Act be amended to reflect the 
provisions of the CRR. Issuers should be required to meet the CRR’s requirements regarding exposure limits 
for credit institutions. The proposal amends the provisions of the Covered Bonds Act on public loans and 
mortgages to reflect the provisions of the CRR. As a result, the provisions on issuance of covered bonds will 
correlate better with the CRR’s provisions on risk weights and capital requirements.  
Amendments to the provisions on LTV levels are proposed in the Covered Bonds Act where only a part of 
the loan, up to a specific share of the market value of the collateral, can be included in the coverage 
calculation. The proposal changes the LTV for residential mortgages from 75 percent to 80 percent of the 
market value of the collateral and for commercial mortgages, the LTV is changed in certain cases.  
The Covered Bond Report proposes that the provisions on substitute collateral be repealed, since it is 
difficult to combine them with the New EU Covered Bond Legislation. Instead, new provisions on exposures 
to credit institutions and provisions on a liquidity buffer are proposed in the Covered Bonds Act. While these 
provisions partly have the same purpose as substitute collateral, they have a broader scope, since 
exposures to derivative counterparties are also included.  
Coverage requirements, over-collateralisation and liquidity buffer  
The Covered Bond Report proposes that the requirements in the Covered Bonds Act on over-
collateralisation, i.e. the level by which the value of the assets in the cover pool has to exceed the value of 
the liabilities, be adapted to the main principle in the CRR of at least five per cent. over-collateralisation. 
As a result of the rules in the New EU Covered Bond Legislation, the Covered Bond Report also proposes 
that provisions concerning a specific liquidity buffer should be introduced in the Covered Bonds Act. It should 
cover the maximum cumulative net liquid outflow from the issuer over the next 180 days. 
Maturity extensions 
The Covered Bond Report proposes that provisions permitting maturity extensions be introduced in Swedish 
law. These are conditions included in the terms of a covered bond contract stating that repayment can be 
postponed in certain circumstances. In the Covered Bond Report’s proposal, such a maturity extension can 
only be subject to approval from the Swedish FSA. 
Information, monitoring and supervision 
The provisions on an independent inspector in the Covered Bonds Act should remain in place, in the view of 
the Covered Bond Report.   
As a complement to the provisions on sanctions for issuers and other credit institutions, the Covered Bond 
Report proposes that additional provisions on sanctions for natural persons be included in the Swedish 
Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw. lag (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse), in relation to 
breaches of certain provisions in the Covered Bonds Act.  
The Covered Bond Report proposes that new authorisations to issue regulations be introduced in the 
Covered Bonds Act in relation to the information to be provided by the issuer to investors and the information 
that the issuers have to submit to Swedish FSA, when this has to be done and how the information has to be 
given. The Covered Bond Report proposes that several of the authorisations to issue regulations in the 
current wording of the Covered Bonds Act be repealed in the light of the New EU Covered Bond Legislation.

--- Page 86 ---
78 
 
 
Entry into force and transitional provisions 
The New EU Covered Bond Legislation is proposed to enter into force on 8 July 2022. For a covered bond 
that has been issued before this date, the previous provisions of the Covered Bonds Act will, as a main 
principle, continue to apply during the remaining part of its maturity. For tap issues made after 8 July 2022, 
certain transitional provisions will apply.

--- Page 87 ---
79 
 
 
7. 
Subscription and Sale 
S.O. Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Company to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A., Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank AG, 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Landesbank Baden-
Württemberg, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Norddeutsche Landesbank - Girozentrale -, RBC Capital 
Markets (Europe) GmbH, RBC Europe Limited, Société Générale, Swedbank AB (publ), UBS AG, UBS 
Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG (the “Dealers”) or to any other person or institution. The arrangements 
under which S.O. Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Company to, and purchased by, 
Dealers are set out in an Amended and Restated Dealership Agreement dated 12 May 2021 and made 
between the Company and the Dealers (as amended and restated or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Dealership Agreement”). Any such arrangements will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant S.O. Bonds, the price at which such S.O. Bonds will be purchased by the Dealers 
and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Company in respect of 
such purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or renewal of existing 
Dealers and the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of S.O. Bonds. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Company and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Company and/or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Company routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Company consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
7.1 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any S.O. Bonds (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any S.O. Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 88 ---
80 
 
 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the S.O. Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the S.O. Bonds. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any S.O. Bonds (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to 
each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of S.O. Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an 
offer of such S.O. Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Company for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) and 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of S.O. Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Company or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of S.O. Bonds to the public” in relation to any 
S.O. Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the S.O. Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the S.O. Bonds and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
7.2 
The United States of America 
The S.O. Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as 
amended) (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act.  
S.O. Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by the United 
States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.

--- Page 89 ---
81 
 
 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver S.O. Bonds, (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the 
S.O. Bonds comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of 
U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells S.O. Bonds during the distribution 
compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the S.O. Bonds within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. In 
addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of S.O. Bonds comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of S.O. Bonds of such Tranche within the United States by a Dealer whether or not participating 
in the offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Furthermore, each Series of S.O. Bonds will also be subject to such further United States selling restrictions 
as the Company and the relevant Dealer or Dealers may agree. 
7.3 
UK 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any S.O. Bonds (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt S.O. Bonds) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any S.O. Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of UK MiFIR; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the S.O. Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the S.O. Bonds. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any S.O. Bonds (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of S.O. Bonds which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such S.O. Bonds to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 90 ---
82 
 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Company for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of S.O. Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Company or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of S.O. Bonds to the public” in relation to any 
S.O. Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the S.O. Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the S.O. Bonds and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any S.O. Bonds having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any S.O. Bonds other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the S.O. Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Company; 
(b) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any S.O. Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Company; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any S.O. Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
7.4 
Italy 
The offering of the S.O. Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la 
Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no S.O. Bonds may be offered, 
sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the S.O. 
Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:

--- Page 91 ---
83 
 
 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, 
letter b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time 
(“Regulation No. 11971”); or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the S.O. Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the S.O. Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended 
from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
7.5 
Japan 
The S.O. Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any S.O. Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
7.6 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: (a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by 
means of any document, any S.O. Bonds (except for S.O. Bonds which are a "structured product" as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong ("SFO")) other than (i) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding-Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute 
an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and (b) it has not issued or had in its possession 
for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in 
Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the S.O. Bonds, which is 
directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to S.O. Bonds which are 
or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.

--- Page 92 ---
84 
 
 
7.7 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any S.O. Bonds or caused the S.O. Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any S.O. Bonds or cause the S.O. Bonds to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the S.O. Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) 
of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, 
any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the S.O. Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the S.O. Bonds pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
7.8 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers S.O. Bonds or has in its possession or 
distributes such offering material, in all cases at its own expense. 
No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Company or the Dealers that would 
permit a public offering of S.O. Bonds, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation

--- Page 93 ---
85 
 
 
thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands 
this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Company and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver S.O. Bonds or 
have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 94 ---
86 
 
 
8. 
Swedbank Mortgage 
Swedbank Mortgage is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Swedbank.  
The Swedbank Group offers a broad range of products and services including retail banking, corporate and 
investment banking, asset management and insurance products, with its home market in Sweden, Estonia, 
Latvia and Lithuania. Swedish banking is the Swedbank Group’s largest business segment, offering a 
complete range of financial products and services to private customers as well as small and medium-sized 
companies through 168 branches as well as through telephone and internet banking. Through co-operation 
with local associated independent savings banks and partly-owned banks, the Swedbank Group also offers 
its products through 197 additional branches, as of 31 December 2020. The Swedbank Group’s Swedish 
banking business is supported by a number of subsidiaries in Sweden such as Swedbank Robur (fund 
management and institutional and discretionary asset management) and Swedbank Mortgage. 
As set out in further detail in Article 2A of its Articles of Association, Swedbank Mortgage's business is 
mortgage lending in Sweden. Swedbank Mortgage operates under the Swedish Banking and Financing 
Business Act (2004:297). 
Swedbank Mortgage is one of Sweden's leading mortgage lenders with a market share of 23 per cent as of 
31 December 20201 (24 per cent as of 31 December 2019). Its more than one million customers include 
Swedish homeowners, tenant-owner associations, real estate businesses, municipalities, and agricultural 
and forestry businesses. Swedbank Mortgage's products primarily consist of loans secured by Swedish 
residential, agricultural and forest properties. 
Swedbank Mortgage was incorporated in Sweden on 19 February 1885 for an unlimited duration as a 
regional mortgage financing house, specialising in property construction loans in the region of Malmoe in 
southern Sweden. 
Swedbank Mortgage is a public limited liability credit market company (Sw: Kreditmarknadsbolag), registered 
with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw: Bolagsverket) in Sundsvall under registration number 
556003-3283 and with its registered address at SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden, telephone number +46 8 
5859 0000. 
8.1 
Products and Services 
Swedbank Mortgage primarily provides long-term loans secured by first ranking mortgages on existing 
properties located in Sweden. More than half of the mortgage loan portfolio consists of loans to owners of 
single family homes, for home purchase or refinancing needs. It also grants loans for multi-family housing, 
tenant-owner associations, municipalities, commercial properties and to the agriculture and forestry sector. 
Swedbank Mortgage finances properties and tenant owner rights of up to 85 per cent of their estimated 
market value. 
The loans offered by Swedbank Mortgage can have fixed or variable interest rates and are repaid according 
to a straight line or serial amortisation schedule or with a single repayment. Maturities vary from 10 to 60 
years and the historically observed, typical weighted average life of a loan is around 5 to 7 years. 
Loans for single-family homes are primarily secured by first ranking mortgages and have interest rates fixed 
for between 60 days and 10 years. Swedbank Mortgage’s loans are either interest-only loans or amortised 
over 10 to 60 years. Swedbank Mortgage’s lending to single-family housing is limited to 85 per cent of the 
                                                     
 
1 Swedbank Hypotek AB annual report 2020, www.swedbank.se

--- Page 95 ---
87 
 
 
market value of the property. Loans may be granted to applicants who have a prior ranking mortgage over 
their property with another lender, provided that the aggregated amount and ranking of the prior ranking 
mortgage and the Swedbank Mortgage’s own exposure is not higher than 85 per cent of the value of the 
mortgaged property. 
The volume-weighted average LTV ratio in Swedbank Mortgage’s private residential loan portfolio was 54 
per cent as of 31 December 2020, calculated on a property level (which gives effect to multiple mortgage 
loans on a given property). To benefit customers by offering a broad range of home buying services and 
reducing costs, while creating the opportunity to acquire profitable new businesses in this segment, the 
Swedbank Group creates economies of scale by co-operating with a number of partners including 
Swedbank’s subsidiary, Swedbank Fastighetsbyrå, various home builders and other construction companies.  
8.2 
Mortgage Origination 
8.2.1 
Distribution, Credit Decisions and Pricing 
The foundation for Swedbank Mortgage’s sustainable growth is a low risk profile. Swedbank Mortgage’s 
lending is financed through deposits and capital market funding. Current low financing costs are the result of 
stable profitability in combination with high-quality lending and solid capitalisation. This is a prerequisite for 
winning the trust of the capital markets and benefits all of Swedbank Mortgage’s stakeholders. Maintaining 
stable earnings over time requires not only a low credit risk level, where each borrower’s solvency, solidity 
and collateral are carefully assessed, but also the ability to quickly adapt to market conditions and changing 
customer preferences. 
Swedbank Mortgage's loans are distributed by Swedbank and associated independent savings banks, 
through branches and by Swedbank's digital channels. 
Depending on, among other things, the characteristics of the customer, the mortgage loan application and 
the collateral, the application may be approved by a credit officer, a branch manager, credit committee or an 
automated credit decision in accordance with the proper credit approval levels. If the application is approved, 
the pricing will be set in respect of the mortgage loan on the basis of an internal pricing model. For loans 
originated by Swedbank, the model will take into account a number of factors; market competition, the cost of 
funding for Swedbank Mortgage, a customer’s business volume, geography, debt-to-income ratio, loan-to-
value ratio and whether a customer amortise the loan or not. Assessment of the Borrower's Ability to Pay 
Assessment of the borrower's ability to pay is based on personal information such as age, job status, marital 
and household status and information about the borrower's income, expenses and current assets and 
indebtedness. For corporate customers, information about the corporate financial status is obtained from 
annual and interim reports, budgets, forecasts, etc. Information about the borrower's payment history is also 
collected, both within the Swedbank Group and externally.   
The customer's ability to repay the loan is determined by a standardised credit-scoring process using data 
from an internal database for performance history and account information together with external data. 
These facts are processed through an algorithm and each customer is assigned a probability of default 
percentage indicating his or her likelihood of default. A high probability of default leads to the application not 
being approved. 
Consumers are also subject to a test of their debt servicing capacity using a model based on the net income 
and expenses of the borrower's household, taking into account a stressed scenario for affordability including 
a substantial interest rate increase (presently plus three percentage points above the current five year fixed 
rate, at a minimum of 6 per cent). Further there is a one per cent amortisation for mortgages with a loan-to-
value ratio up to 70 per cent and 2 per cent amortisation for mortgages with a loan-to-value ratio over 70 per 
cent. There is another one per cent added to the amortisation if the debt-to-Income ratio is above 450 per

--- Page 96 ---
88 
 
 
cent. A loan application will be approved if these tests meet the minimum requirements of the Swedbank 
Group, which are based on minimum standard of living levels set by Swedish authorities plus an extra 
margin added by the Swedbank Group. 
A similar stress test is carried out for corporate customers. 
8.2.2 
Collateral Valuation 
The valuation of a residential property which is pledged as collateral for a mortgage loan is often based on 
the transaction value. In those cases where a house is purchased at arm's length, the purchase price is 
considered to provide a sufficiently adequate indication of market value, which is based on the property's 
long-term market value as determined by an internally or externally appointed appraiser familiar with the 
local market. When a new mortgage loan is originated without a sale of the property for refurbishment or 
other purposes, the valuation is performed by an independent source, which could be an internal or external 
licensed valuer with good local market knowledge. The independent appraisal of the real property assets 
securing mortgage loans acquired by Swedbank Mortgage is a legal requirement pursuant to Swedish 
covered bond legislation. The requirement extends to documenting by whom and under what assumptions 
the valuation was conducted (transaction value analysis, income approach or market approach). 
8.3 
Loan Administration 
The majority of mortgage customers typically pay their interest and principal instalments by direct debit from 
their current accounts (mandatory for single family home owners). Those who do not use direct debit receive 
a paper invoice which is then paid by the customer in different ways, usually via giro payment. All loans are 
recorded directly on Swedbank Mortgage's balance sheet. 
For mortgage loans with fixed interest, the interest rate will stay the same during the fixed rate period of one 
to ten years, after which the interest rate will be set depending on the funding cost and market competition, 
and is often renegotiated. The interest rate framework is decided by Swedbank Mortgage, whereas the final 
price given to the customer is a local decision and hence set by the distributing branch or savings bank.  
8.4 
Management   
Swedbank Mortgage's Board of Directors comprises five members, elected at the Annual General Meeting. 
The current members of Swedbank Mortgage's Board of Directors are set out below: 
Name 
Year of birth 
Board member since 
Position 
Ola Laurin  
1971 
2021 
Chair  
Johan Smedman 
1964 
2015 
Member 
Thomas Johansson 
1966 
2019 
Member 
Jennifer Barck Gustafsson 
1980 
2020 
Member 
Stefan Olsson 
1962 
2020 
Member 
Nina Larsson 
1979 
2020 
Member 
The address for each member is the registered address of Swedbank Mortgage at SE-105 34 Stockholm, 
Sweden.

--- Page 97 ---
89 
 
 
The CEO of Swedbank Mortgage has established a governing body which consists of the below persons, 
who are all employees of the company.  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to Swedbank Mortgage by any of the 
Board of Directors or any of the persons in the governing body of Swedbank Mortgage and their private 
interests or other duties. 
8.5 
Auditor 
At the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on 28 March 2019, PwC Sverige AB was elected as auditor for the 
period until the end of the 2023 AGM. Anneli Granqvist is the Chief Auditor and is a member of FAR, the 
professional institute for authorised public accountants (Sw: auktoriserade revisorer), approved public 
accountants (Sw: godkända revisorer) and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in 
Sweden.  
8.6 
Corporate Governance 
Swedbank Mortgage is a wholly owned subsidiary of Swedbank. To create economies of scale with 
Swedbank, Swedbank Mortgage’s operations have been outsourced to Swedbank, however Swedbank 
Mortgage has retained the functions it needs to manage day-to-day operations, including governance, 
control and analysis. 
The shareholders ultimately decide on Swedbank Mortgage’s governance. At the annual general meeting the 
shareholders elect the Board of Directors and auditors. The Board is responsible to the shareholders for 
Swedbank Mortgage’s organisation and management of its affairs and elects a CEO to manage the 
company’s operating activities. The auditors review the financial reporting and submit an auditor’s report, 
among other things. 
Swedbank Mortgage’s Board of Directors consists of six members. The Board is responsible for Swedbank 
Mortgage’s organisation and management and takes decisions on issues that are of material importance and 
an overarching nature involving the company’s operations. This includes establishing policies and the 
instructions for the CEO, who is not a member of the Board, but who reports to the Board. The CEO is 
responsible for day-to-day management of the business and carrying out the Board’s decisions in 
accordance with the Board’s guidelines and established policies. The Board stays continuously updated on 
Swedbank Mortgage’s development so that it is able to assess its economic situation and financial position at 
any time.  
The Board and the CEO are ultimately responsible for internal governance and control. The Board and the 
CEO have several functions to assist them. The key control functions in this case are Compliance, Risk 
(described further in the – Risk Management section) and Internal Audit. Other functions such as Accounting, 
Credit and Legal serve as support for the Board and the CEO on matters of internal governance and control. 
Name  
Position  
Magdalena Frostling 
CEO 
Urban Alsholm 
Chief Financial Officer 
Kjell Rydjer 
Chief Information Officer 
Josefin Dawson 
Senior Regulatory Advisor

--- Page 98 ---
90 
 
 
8.7 
Swedbank Mortgage as part of the Swedbank Group 
A diagram showing Swedbank Mortgage’s position within the wider Swedbank Group is set out below.  
 
The banking sector is fairly concentrated in the Swedbank Group’s home market of Sweden. In 2020, the 
Swedbank Group, Svenska Handelsbanken, Nordea and SEB accounted for approximately 60 to 75 per cent 
of deposits and lending (adjusted for Stabelo, Svensk Hypotekspension and Hypoteket), according to 
Statistics Sweden. These major banks offer a wide range of financial products and services and compete in 
all key product segments. In Sweden, the Swedbank Group is the largest retail bank and has a leading 
market position in private mortgage lending (23 per cent) and deposits from private customers (19 per cent) 
as of 31 December 2020. The Swedbank Group believes that consumers have been more willing to change 
banks in recent years due to pricing and a sense of stability. During the past year, the major banks have 
become more competitive, thus regaining market share from smaller players.

--- Page 99 ---
91 
 
 
9. 
Risk Management 
9.1 
Risk Management 
Risk is inherent to all financial businesses. Managing and pricing risks correctly is therefore an important part 
of Swedbank Mortgage’s daily work. Swedbank Mortgage defines risk as a potentially negative impact on the 
company’s valuation that can occur due to internal processes or future internal or external events. The risk 
concept encompasses both the probability that an event will occur and the impact that event would have on 
the Swedbank Mortgage’s profitability, equity or value. The Board has adopted a policy for Enterprise Risk 
Management (ERM) which describes the risk framework, the risk management process, and the roles and 
responsibilities for risk management and risk control. Swedbank Mortgage continuously identifies the risks in 
its business and has developed a process for risk assessment review and management.  
The risk management process encompasses eight steps: prevent risks, identify risks, quantify risks, analyse 
risks, suggest measures, control and monitor risks, report risks and follow up risk management. The process 
encompasses all risk categories and results in a description of Swedbank Mortgage’s risk profile.  
The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) helps Swedbank Mortgage’s Board, the CEO and other operations fulfil their 
responsibility for ensuring the business maintains adequate risk management and control and that risks are 
managed in accordance with the risk framework established by the Board and the CEO. The CRO is 
responsible for identifying, quantifying, analysing and reporting material risks that arise in operations. The 
CRO operates independently and reports risks and measures taken to the CEO on a continuous basis, in 
addition to quarterly presentations of risk reports to the Board. On a regular basis, the Board addresses and 
evaluates Swedbank Mortgage’s current risks and risk management.  
To ensure that Swedbank Mortgage maintains a long-term low risk profile, the Board has established an 
overall risk appetite. Individual CEO limits have been established for the types of risks to which Swedbank 
Mortgage is exposed. The CEO limits cover exposures and the portfolio’s development. The limits are 
complemented with risk indicators that are carefully monitored and whose purpose is to give early signals if 
risk conditions change.  
9.2 
Description of certain risks 
9.2.1 
Credit risks  
To maintain a low risk profile and a good balance between risk and return, Swedbank Mortgage works 
continuously to understand customers and their markets. Responsible lending is a precondition for a well-
functioning bank. This means that Swedbank Mortgage looks at each customer’s long-term financial 
situation, payment ability and financial resilience. Systematic analysis of retail credit exposures is done 
through continuous reviews of individual commitments. In the case of corporate customers’, financial 
institutions’ and sovereigns’ exposures, these are re-assessed at least once a year.  
Only developed properties with a certificate of occupancy are placed in Swedbank Mortgage. The only 
exception is agricultural and forest properties, which can be undeveloped.  
Swedbank Mortgage’s credit impairments and impaired loans remain at very low levels. The low portfolio risk 
was confirmed by internal and external stress test results.  
The majority of Swedbank Mortgage’s lending consists of mortgages to private customers in Sweden. 
Swedbank Mortgage always performs an analysis of their ability to repay, even in the event of significantly 
higher interest rates. For loans on tenant-owned apartments, the analysis includes a higher fee to the tenant-
owner association. Swedbank Mortgage continuously re-evaluates its lending criteria.

--- Page 100 ---
92 
 
 
The average loan-to-value ratio for loans to private customers was 54 per cent (55), based on property level. 
For new lending during the year the loan-to-value ratio was 70 per cent (70).  
9.2.2 
Liquidity risks 
Swedbank Mortgage’s liquidity can be predicted, since the maturities and interest payments are known in 
advance for mortgages and funding. With the help of rigorous forecasts and diversified funding in various 
geographical markets, Swedbank Mortgage reduces liquidity risk. 
The Board of Directors determines Swedbank Mortgage’s overall risk appetite for liquidity and has therefore 
established limits for the Survival Horizon as well as a limit on the minimum of unutilised capacity in the 
cover pool for issuance of covered bonds (overcollateralisation). 
Liquidity risk is also limited by covered bond regulations. The high credit rating of covered bonds broadens 
the investor base, facilitates favourable funding costs and constitutes approved collateral when pledged with 
the Swedish Riksbank. Swedbank Mortgage has access to Swedbank’s liquidity reserve, where the purpose 
of building up and maintaining a liquidity reserve is to reduce the Swedbank Mortgage’s liquidity risk. 
9.2.3 
Market risks  
Despite growing macroeconomic uncertainty at times, Swedbank Mortgage’s market risks remained at low 
and stable levels.  
Swedbank Mortgage controls and analyses its market risks on a daily basis. Value-at-Risk and sensitivity to 
interest rate fluctuations are examples of the calculations that are performed and analysed to ensure that any 
market risk-related losses are limited to low levels and within the risk appetite set by the Board of Directors. 
To complement these calculations, stress tests are conducted in which a number of more extreme events 
and their potential impact on the market value of the portfolios are analysed.  
9.2.4 
Operational risks  
Swedbank Mortgage is exposed to operational risks in all its businesses. Increased regulation and 
digitisation are making it more complex to manage these risks, not least due to the growing number of places 
and ways in which the bank interacts with customers. The aim is to minimise operational risks as far as 
possible.  
Operational risks are managed through self-assessments, incident management, and continuity and crisis 
management. When a new product, service or IT system is introduced or significant changes are made, a 
risk assessment is done. Working consistently, on a daily basis, with operational risks is critical to 
maintaining low credit impairment levels.  
9.2.5 
Other risks 
Business risk, strategic risk, reputational risk, conduct risk, money laundering and terrorist financing risk and 
sustainability risk are an important part of Swedbank Mortgage’s risk exposure, because of which they are 
carefully monitored and managed.

--- Page 101 ---
93 
 
 
10. 
Form of Final Terms 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of S.O. Bonds (other than 
Exempt S.O. Bonds) issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The S.O. Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the S.O. Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the S.O Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The S.O. Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the S.O. Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the S.O. Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the S.O. Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the S.O. Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(“MiFID II“)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the S.O. Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the S.O. Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the S.O. 
Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the

--- Page 102 ---
94 
 
 
S.O. Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target 
market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the S.O. 
Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the S.O. Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the S.O. Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (“MiFID II“)]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the S.O. Bonds are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) 
all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the S.O. Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment 
advice[,/and]portfolio management[,/and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the S.O. Bonds (a “distributor“) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
S.O. Bonds is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the S.O. Bonds are appropriate, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) 
all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the S.O. Bonds to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the S.O. Bonds (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP 
Regulations 2018"), the Company has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the S.O. Bonds are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:

--- Page 103 ---
95 
 
 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products.]1,2 
 
 [IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached final terms (the "Final Terms") you agree to be bound by the following 
terms and conditions. 
The information contained in the Final Terms may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are 
residents of particular countries only as specified in the Final Terms and/or in the Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms) and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person outside 
those countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Final Terms is not addressed. Prior to relying on 
the information contained in the Final Terms, you must ascertain from the Final Terms and/or the 
Base Prospectus whether or not you are an intended addressee of the information contained therein. 
Neither the Final Terms nor the Base Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be 
unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities law of any such 
jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered 
or sold directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons or to 
persons within the United States of America (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Final Terms will only be offered [(i)] in offshore 
transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S [and (ii) to qualified institutional buyers 
(within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) in reliance upon Rule 144A*].] 
Final Terms dated [     ] 
SWEDBANK MORTGAGE AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300TJREQ7GHIXWR36 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of S.O. Bonds] 
under the €25,000,000,000 Programme for the 
Issuance of S.O. Bonds 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the relevant terms and 
conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2021 (the “Base Prospectus”) [as supplemented by 
the supplement[s] dated [    ] [and [    ]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of these Final Terms, “Prospectus Regulation” means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the S.O. Bonds described herein 
                                                     
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Company has re-classified the S.O. Bonds as “prescribed capital markets 
products” and “Excluded Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer and the S.O. 
Bonds are to be offered in Singapore. 
2 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Company prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
 Insert for 144A securities only.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
 
 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin at live.euronext.com.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [30 November 2017/16 May 2018/14 May 2019/13 May 
2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2021 (the "Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the S.O. Bonds described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [ ] [and [ ]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] in order to obtain all relevant information. For the purposes of these 
Final Terms, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin at live.euronext.com].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[If the S.O. Bonds have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Company: 
Swedbank Mortgage AB (publ) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the S.O. Bonds will 
be consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The S.O. Bonds will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [     ] on [the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Temporary Global S.O. Bond for interests in 
the Permanent Global S.O. Bond, as referred to in 
paragraph 20 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [     ]]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[     ] 
(i) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[     ]

--- Page 105 ---
97 
 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus 
accrued 
interest 
from 
[insert 
date] 
(if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[     ] 
 
[     ] 
 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above €100,000 
or its equivalent in other currencies are being used 
the following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
S.O. Bonds in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)1 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
N.B. There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[     ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate S.O. Bonds) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent Fixed Rate] 
 
[[     ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/ 
CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR] +/- [     ] per cent Floating 
Rate] 
 
[SONIA (Non Index) +/- [    ] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SONIA (Index) +/- [    ] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SOFR Index +/- [     ] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation [or early 
redemption], the S.O. Bonds will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent of their nominal 
                                                     
 
1  
Not applicable if S.O. Bonds being issued are in registered form.

--- Page 106 ---
98 
 
 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify details of any provision for 
conversion of S.O. Bonds into another interest basis 
by cross-referring to paragraphs 14 and 15 below.] 
12. 
Call Option: 
[Company Call] /[Not Applicable] 
 
[(see paragraph 17 below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the S.O. Bonds: 
The S.O. Bonds are unsubordinated obligations 
issued in accordance with the Swedish Act 
(2003:1223) on Issuance of Covered Bonds (Sw: 
Lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda 
obligationer) 
(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of S.O. Bonds obtained:] 
[     ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
S.O. Bonds) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate S.O. Bond Provisions (Condition 
4A) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year, from and including [    ], 
up to and including the Maturity Date 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
S.O. 
Bonds 
in 
definitive form) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
S.O. 
Bonds 
in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[     ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the

--- Page 107 ---
99 
 
 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration 
 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
15. 
Floating 
Rate 
S.O. 
Bond 
Provisions 
(Condition 4B) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ]  
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[[Name] 
shall 
be 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate, Relevant 
Time and Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [SONIA (Non Index)]/[SONIA 
(Index)]/[SOFR 
Index]/[     ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/ 
HIBOR]  
 
Relevant Time: [[     ][ in the Relevant Financial 
Centre]/As per Condition 4B(ii)] 
 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London 
/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/Tokyo/Hong 
Kong]] (delete for SOFR Index Floating Rate S.O. 
Bonds) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The [    ] London Banking Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period]

--- Page 108 ---
100 
 
 
 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Tokyo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[[      ] days prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(Specify the number of London Banking Days prior to 
the end of each Interest Period if SONIA, second 
London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or Euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR, the second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR or Euro LIBOR, the second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if STIBOR, the second Oslo business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
NIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period if 
CIBOR, the second Tokyo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if TIBOR and the first 
day of each interest period if HIBOR) 
[As per Condition 4B(ii)(B)(IV)] (SOFR Index Floating 
Rate S.O. Bonds only) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
[Not Applicable] (SOFR Index Floating Rate S.O. 
Bonds only) 
 
Observation Method 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
Lag Look-back Period: 
[     ] London Banking Days]/Not Applicable 
 
Observation Shift Period: 
[     ] London Banking Days]/Not Applicable

--- Page 109 ---
101 
 
 
 
SONIA Compounded Index 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[    ] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Fallback Screen 
Page: 
[    ] 
 
p: 
[As per Conditions][Not Applicable][    ] (SOFR Index 
Floating Rate S.O. Bonds only) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
(specify for each short or long interest period) 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][     ] per cent per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xiii) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 110 ---
102 
 
 
Independent Adviser: 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
SOFR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon S.O. Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Company Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[       ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Company is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Company and the Fiscal 
Agent) 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 111 ---
103 
 
 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount:4 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE S.O. BONDS 
20. 
Form of S.O. Bonds: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer S.O. Bonds: 
 
[Temporary Global S.O. Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global S.O. Bond on and after the 
Exchange Date which is exchangeable for definitive 
S.O. Bonds] [upon 45 days’ written notice (expiring 
after the Exchange Date)] [upon 45 days written 
notice (expiring after the Exchange Date) only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event].] 
 
[Temporary Global S.O. Bond exchangeable for 
definitive S.O. Bonds on and after the Exchange 
Date.] 
 
(In relation to issues of S.O. Bonds which are 
represented by a Temporary/Permanent Global S.O. 
Bond exchangeable for Definitive Bearer S.O. 
Bonds, the following construction may not be used in 
paragraph 6: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]).”)] 
 
[Registered S.O. Bonds: 
 
[Restricted Registered Global S.O. Bond registered 
in the name of a nominee for DTC (specify nominal 
amounts)]] 
 
[Unrestricted 
Registered 
Global 
S.O. 
Bond 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (specify nominal 
amounts)]] 
(ii) 
New Global S.O. Bonds: 
[Yes/No] 
21. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
                                                     
 
4  
Not applicable to S.O. Bonds

--- Page 112 ---
104 
 
 
payment, and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which item 15(iii) relates) 
22. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive S.O. Bonds: 
[Yes/No] 
23. 
Third Party Information: 
[[     ] has been extracted from [     ]. The Company confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [     ], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Company: 
By:  ..........................................................  
Duly authorised 
[By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised]

--- Page 113 ---
105 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
Official List of Euronext Dublin 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made for the S.O. Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin with effect from, or from about, [      ] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate S.O. Bonds calculated by reference to a 
benchmark only) 
[Amounts 
payable 
under 
the 
S.O. 
Bonds 
will 
be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[SONIA/LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR] which is provided by [legal 
name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, [legal name of the 
benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As 
far 
as 
the 
Company 
is 
aware, 
[SONIA/LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR] [does not fall within the scope 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
3. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings 
[The S.O. Bonds to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity(ies)].]  
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the EEA and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended).] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the EEA and is 
not registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended).] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.]  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating

--- Page 114 ---
106 
 
 
allocated to S.O. Bonds of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.)  
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [managers/dealers], so far as the Company is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the S.O. Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The [managers/dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Company and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
5. 
REASONS 
FOR 
THE 
OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reason for the offer: 
[Green Bonds][General Business Purposes][] 
(See “Use and Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds” 
wording in the Base Prospectus – if reasons for the 
offer are different from General Business Purposes 
or Green Bonds, will need to include those reasons 
here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[      ] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[       ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code:  
[      ] 
(ii) 
Common Code:  
[      ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (together 
with the address of such clearing 
system) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Transfer 
Agents 
and/or 
Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):  
[       ] / [None] 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means

--- Page 115 ---
107 
 
 
that the S.O. Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] [include 
this text for Registered S.O. Bonds which are to be 
held under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean 
that the S.O. Bonds will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the S.O. Bonds are capable of 
meeting them the S.O. Bonds may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, held 
under the NSS [include this text for Registered S.O. 
Bonds which are to be held under the NSS]].  Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the S.O. 
Bonds will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
Whether TEFRA D rules applicable 
or TEFRA rules not applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA  Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If the S.O. Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified.)

--- Page 116 ---
108 
 
 
[Applicable] 
(If the S.O. Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If the S.O. Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified). 
[Applicable] 
(If the S.O. Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 117 ---
109 
 
 
11. 
Form of Pricing Supplement 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds issued under the Programme.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The S.O. Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the S.O. Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the S.O. Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The S.O. Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the S.O. Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the S.O. Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the S.O. Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the S.O. Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(“MiFID II“)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the S.O. Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the S.O. Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the S.O. 
Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the

--- Page 118 ---
110 
 
 
S.O. Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target 
market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the S.O. 
Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the S.O. Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the S.O. Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (“MiFID II“)]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the S.O. Bonds are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) 
all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the S.O. Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment 
advice[,/and]portfolio management[,/and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the S.O. Bonds (a “distributor“) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
S.O. Bonds is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the S.O. Bonds are appropriate, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) 
all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the S.O. Bonds to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the S.O. Bonds (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the S.O. Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP 
Regulations 2018"), the Company has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the S.O. Bonds are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:

--- Page 119 ---
111 
 
 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products.]1 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
"PROSPECTUS REGULATION") OR REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC 
LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE “UK PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF S.O. BONDS DESCRIBED BELOW. 
Pricing Supplement dated [     ] 
SWEDBANK MORTGAGE AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300TJREQ7GHIXWR36 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of S.O. Bonds] 
under the €25,000,000,000 Programme for the 
Issuance of Debt S.O. Bonds 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the S.O. Bonds may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Company or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 
3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer.]2 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the S.O. Bonds described herein.  This document 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") [as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [    ] [and [    ]]]. Full information on Swedbank Mortgage AB (publ) 
(the "Company") and the offer of the S.O. Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of this 
Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/ and copies may be obtained during normal business hours, free 
of charge, from the offices of the Company at SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden, Sweden and from the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent at [    ]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the [Base Prospectus]/[Base Prospectus/ dated [original date] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
                                                     
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Company has re-classified the S.O. Bonds as “prescribed capital 
markets products” and “Excluded Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer, and the 
S.O. Bonds are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product 
classification from the Company prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
2 Do not include if the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" legend is included (because the S.O. Bonds potentially 
  constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared) and the related selling restriction is specified to be 
"Applicable".

--- Page 120 ---
112 
 
 
[If the S.O. Bonds have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Company: 
Swedbank Mortgage AB (publ) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the S.O. Bonds will 
be consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The S.O. Bonds will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [     ] on [the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Temporary Global S.O. Bond for interests in 
the Permanent Global S.O. Bond, as referred to in 
paragraph 20 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [     ]]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[     ] 
(i) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus 
accrued 
interest 
from 
[insert 
date] 
(if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[     ] 
 
[     ] 
 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above €100,000 
or its equivalent in other currencies are being used 
the following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
S.O. Bonds in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)1 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
N.B. There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
                                                     
 
1  
Not applicable if S.O. Bonds being issued are in registered form.

--- Page 121 ---
113 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[     ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate S.O. Bonds) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify reference rate] +/- [     ] per cent Floating 
Rate] 
[SONIA (Non Index) +/- [   ] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SONIA (Index) +/- [    ] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SOFR Index +/- [    ] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[specify other] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation [or early 
redemption], the S.O. Bonds will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent of their nominal 
amount]/[specify other] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Call Option: 
[Company Call]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[(see paragraph 17 below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the S.O. Bonds: 
The S.O. Bonds are unsubordinated obligations 
issued in accordance with the Swedish Act 
(2003:1223) on Issuance of Covered Bonds (Sw: 
Lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda 
obligationer) 
(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of S.O. Bonds obtained:] 
[     ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
S.O. Bonds) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate S.O. Bond Provisions (Condition 
4A) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each

--- Page 122 ---
114 
 
 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year, from and including [    ], 
up to and including the Maturity Date 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
S.O. 
Bonds 
in 
definitive form) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
S.O. 
Bonds 
in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[specify other] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[     ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration 
 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
S.O. Bonds: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
15. 
Floating 
Rate 
S.O. 
Bond 
Provisions 
(Condition 4B) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)  
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ]  
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
specify other] 
(iii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[     ]

--- Page 123 ---
115 
 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/ 
specify other] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[[Name] 
shall 
be 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate, Relevant 
Time and Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [SONIA (Non Index)]/[SONIA 
(Index)]/[SOFR 
Index]/[[     ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/ 
HIBOR/specify other]  
 
Relevant Time: [[     ] in the Relevant Financial 
Centre]/As per Condition 4B(ii)] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London 
/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/Tokyo/Hong 
Kong/specify other](delete for SOFR Index Floating 
Rate S.O. Bonds) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The [    ] London Banking Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Tokyo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[[      ] days prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[specify other] 
(Specify the number of London Banking Days prior to 
the end of each Interest Period if SONIA, second

--- Page 124 ---
116 
 
 
London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or Euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR, the second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR or Euro LIBOR, the second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if STIBOR, the second Oslo business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
NIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period if 
CIBOR, the second Tokyo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if TIBOR and the first 
day of each interest period if HIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
[Not Applicable] (SOFR Index Floating Rate S.O. 
Bonds only) 
 
[Observation Method: 
 [Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
Lag Look-back Period: 
[[     ] London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift Period: 
[[     ] London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
SONIA Compounded Index 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[    ] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Fallback Screen 
Page: 
[     ] 
 
p: 
[As per Conditions][Not Applicable][    ] (SOFR Index 
Floating Rate S.O. Bonds only) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of

--- Page 125 ---
117 
 
 
offered quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
(specify for each short or long interest period) 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][     ] per cent per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[specify other] 
(xiii) 
Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
S.O. Bonds, if different from those 
set out in the Conditions: 
[     ] 
(xiv) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
SOFR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon S.O. Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
[     ]

--- Page 126 ---
118 
 
 
(iv) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Company Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[       ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[       ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Company is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Company and the Fiscal 
Agent) 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[       ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount:4 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[[       ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
                                                     
 
4  
Not applicable to S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 127 ---
119 
 
 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider).  If, 
however, the Final Redemption Amount is other than 
100 per cent of the nominal value, consideration 
should be given as to what the Early Redemption 
Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE S.O. BONDS 
20. 
Form of S.O. Bonds: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer S.O. Bonds: 
 
[Temporary Global S.O. Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global S.O. Bond on and after the 
Exchange Date which is exchangeable for definitive 
S.O. Bonds [upon 45 days’ written notice (expiring 
after the Exchange Date)] [upon 45 days written 
notice (expiring after the Exchange Date) only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event].] 
 
[Temporary Global S.O. Bond exchangeable for 
definitive S.O. Bonds on and after the Exchange 
Date.] 
 
(In relation to issues of S.O. Bonds which are 
represented by a Temporary/Permanent Global S.O. 
Bond exchangeable for Definitive Bearer S.O. 
Bonds, the following construction may not be used in 
paragraph 6: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]).”)] 
 
[Registered S.O. Bonds: 
 
[Restricted Registered Global S.O. Bond registered 
in the name of a nominee for DTC (specify nominal 
amounts)]] 
 
[Unrestricted 
Registered 
Global 
S.O. 
Bond 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (specify nominal 
amounts)]] 
(ii) 
New Global S.O. Bonds: 
[Yes]/[No] 
21. 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
or 
other 
special 
provisions relating to Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of

--- Page 128 ---
120 
 
 
interest, to which item 15(iii) relates) 
22. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive S.O. Bonds: 
[Yes/No] 
23. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
24. 
Third Party Information: 
[[     ] has been extracted from [     ]. The Company confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [     ], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Company: 
By:  ..........................................................  
Duly authorised 
[By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised]

--- Page 129 ---
121 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[[      ]/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the S.O. Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on [      ] with effect from, or from 
about, [      ]]/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings 
[The S.O. Bonds to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity(ies)].]  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [managers/dealers], so far as the Company is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the S.O. Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The [managers/dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Company and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code:  
[      ] 
(ii) 
Common Code:  
[      ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (together 
with the address of such clearing 
system) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Settlement procedures:  
[Specify whether customary medium term note/ 
eurobond/other settlement and payment procedures 
apply] 
(v) 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Transfer 
Agents 
and/or 
Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):  
[       ] / [None] 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 130 ---
122 
 
 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the S.O. Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] [include 
this text for Registered S.O. Bonds which are to be 
held under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean 
that the S.O. Bonds will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the S.O. Bonds are capable of 
meeting them the S.O. Bonds may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, held 
under the NSS [include this text for Registered S.O. 
Bonds which are to be held under the NSS]].  Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the S.O. 
Bonds will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
Whether TEFRA D rules applicable 
or TEFRA rules not applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 131 ---
123 
 
 
Investors: 
(If the S.O. Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
[Applicable] 
(If the S.O. Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If the S.O. Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
[Applicable] 
(If the S.O. Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Green Bonds][General Business Purposes][] 
(See “Use and Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds” 
wording in the Base Prospectus – if reasons for the 
offer are different from General Business Purposes 
or Green Bonds, will need to include those reasons 
here.)

--- Page 132 ---
124 
 
 
 
12. 
Taxation 
12.1 
Swedish Taxation 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences to holders of S.O. Bonds who are 
not residents of Sweden for income tax purposes. Purchasers are urged to consult their professional 
advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding or transferring S.O. Bonds. 
Under Swedish law as presently in effect, payments of any principal or any amount that is considered 
to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to the holder of any S.O. Bond will not be subject to Swedish 
income tax, provided that such holder is neither (i) resident in Sweden for tax purposes nor (ii) 
engaged in trade or business in Sweden through a permanent establishment to which the S.O. Bonds 
are effectively connected.  
Swedish law, as presently in effect, does not provide for deduction or withholding for or on account of 
taxes on payments of any principal or interest to the holder of any S.O. Bonds, except on payment of 
interest, and any other yield on any S.O. Bonds which is paid at the same time as interest, to a holder 
of S.O. Bonds who is a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with tax residence in 
Sweden. 
12.2 
The proposed Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in the S.O. Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance 
and subscription of S.O. Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in S.O. 
Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the S.O. Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.  
12.3 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
“FATCA”, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The Company may be a foreign financial institution for 
these purposes. A number of jurisdictions, including Sweden, have entered into, or have agreed in

--- Page 133 ---
125 
 
 
 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application 
of FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as S.O. Bonds, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as the S.O. Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as S.O. Bonds, 
proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. 
Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the 
issuance of final regulations. Additionally, S.O. Bonds issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional S.O. Bonds (as described under “Terms 
and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued S.O. Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all S.O. Bonds, including the S.O. 
Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 134 ---
126 
 
 
 
13. 
Definitions 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET 1 capital): Capital consisting of capital instruments, related 
share premium accounts, retained earnings and other comprehensive income after considering 
regulatory adjustments. 
Credit impairments: Established losses and provisions for the year less recoveries related to loans 
as well as the year's net expenses for guarantees and other contingent liabilities. 
Probability of default (PD): The probability of default (PD) indicates the risk that a counterparty or 
contract will default within a 12-month period. 
Risk exposure amount (REA): Risk weighted exposure value i.e. the exposure value after 
considering the risk inherent in the asset.

--- Page 135 ---
127 
 
 
 
14. 
General Information 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a duly convened meeting of the 
Board of Directors of the Company held on 18 February 1992. Further issuances of S.O. 
Bonds under the Programme are authorised by the Company at the time of any such further 
issuances. 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Company is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have, or have had in the recent past, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Company.  
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Company or the 
financial position of the Company since 31 December 2020 and there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of the Company since 31 December 2020.  
4. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (Authorised Public Accountants) of Torsgatan 21, SE-113 97, 
Stockholm, Sweden, have audited the financial statements of the Company for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020.  
5. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is a member of FAR, the professional institute for authorised 
public accountants (Sw: auktoriserade revisorer), approved public accountants (Sw: 
godkända revisorer) and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in 
Sweden.  
6. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.swedbank.com/investor-relations/debt-investors/funding-programmes.html: 
(a) 
Registration Certificate and Articles of Association of the Company; and 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any documents 
incorporated by reference and, save as provided below, any Final Terms issued 
pursuant to the Programme (other than any Pricing Supplements relating to S.O. 
Bonds which are neither admitted to trading on any regulated market within the EEA 
nor offered in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the FSMA 
(including Exempt S.O. Bonds)). 
Any English translation of a document referred to above shall be a direct and accurate 
translation of the original. In the event of any discrepancy, the original language version shall 
prevail. 
7. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base 
prospectus. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for S.O. Bonds (other than 
Exempt S.O. Bonds) issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID. 
However, S.O. Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted 
to listing on the Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the Regulated Market 
of Euronext Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or

--- Page 136 ---
128 
 
 
 
which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system as the Company and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
8. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Company in connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of S.O. 
Bonds issued under the Programme to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market 
of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
9. 
The S.O. Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and SIS. The common code and International Securities Identification Number in 
relation to the S.O. Bonds of each Tranche allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or SIS will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In addition, the Company will make an application 
for any Registered S.O. Bonds to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The 
CUSIP number for each Tranche of Registered S.O. Bonds, together with the relevant 
common code and International Securities Identification Number, will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC and SIS are the entities in charge of 
keeping book-entry records. If the S.O. Bonds are to be cleared through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium; the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking SA, 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New 
York, NY 10041-0099, USA. 
The Company has entered into an agreement with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(together, the “ICSDs”) in respect of any Bearer S.O. Bonds issued in NGB form or any 
Registered S.O. Bonds intended to be held under the new safekeeping structure (“NSS”) that 
the Company may request be made eligible for settlement with the ICSDs (the “Issuer-ICSDs 
Agreement”). The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that the ICSDs will, in respect of any 
such S.O. Bonds, inter alia, maintain records of their respective portion of the issue 
outstanding amount and will, upon the Company’s request, produce a statement for the 
Company’s use showing the total nominal amount of its customer holdings of such S.O. 
Bonds as of a specified date. 
10. 
Settlement arrangements will be separately agreed between the Company, the relevant 
Dealer and the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar in relation to each Series. 
11. 
The issue price and amount of S.O. Bonds of any Tranche to be issued will be determined at 
the time of offering of such Tranche in accordance with then prevailing market conditions. 
12. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such S.O. Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
S.O. Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as 
the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the S.O. Bonds and will not be an indication of 
future yield. 
13. 
The following legend will appear on all permanent and definitive Bearer S.O. Bonds which 
have an original maturity of more than one year and on all Coupons and Talons relating to 
such S.O. Bonds:

--- Page 137 ---
129 
 
 
 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States persons, with certain exceptions, will not 
be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer S.O. Bonds or Coupons and will not be entitled to 
capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of 
principal in respect of Bearer S.O. Bonds or Coupons. 
14. 
The Company has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of its 
business which could result in the Company being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Company’s ability to meet its obligations to holders of S.O. Bonds issued 
under the Programme. 
15. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning 
may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
16. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, the Company and its respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the 
Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the S.O. Bonds 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Company and its respective 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Company or its respective affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposures to the Company 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.

--- Page 138 ---
130 
 
 
 
 
THE COMPANY 
Registered address: SE-105 34, Stockholm, Sweden 
Visitors' address: Landsvägen 40, SE-172 63 Sundbyberg, Sweden 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
603 23 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Company as to English Law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to Swedish Law 
To the Dealers as to English Law 
Wistrand Advokatbyrå 
Regeringsgatan 65 
P.O. Box 7543 
SE-103 93 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS OF THE COMPANY 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Torsgatan 21 
SE-113 97 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 139 ---
131 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
 BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores 
S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain  
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK – 1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt/Main 
Germany  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany  
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands  
Norddeutsche Landesbank - Girozentrale - 
Friedrichswall 10 
30159 Hannover 
Germany   
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 140 ---
132 
 
 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC4N 4AA 
United Kingdom  
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden  
UBS AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zürich 
Switzerland  
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
UKO2: 2002466059.9