--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
U.S.$15,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the U.S.$15,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus"), Swedbank AB (publ) ("Swedbank" or the "Issuer"), subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, may from 
time to time issue notes ("Notes") in registered or bearer form (respectively, "Registered Notes" and "Bearer Notes"). The aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time will not exceed U.S.$15,000,000,000 or the equivalent in other currencies. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional 
dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an 
issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the 
Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin") of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA") for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes 
being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Securities Act") or 
any applicable U.S. state securities laws, and are being offered and sold outside of the United States to persons other than U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and in the United States only to Qualified Institutional Buyers or 
"QIBs" (in reliance on, and as defined by, Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) and, in each case, in compliance with 
applicable securities laws. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the 
provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
The Notes will be subject to Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (as defined below), as described in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers". 
Each purchaser of a Note will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase thereof, to have made certain acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Note, as described in this Base Prospectus, and, 
in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain 
cases (see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions").

--- Page 2 ---
II 
 
 
THERE ARE CERTAIN RISKS RELATED TO ANY ISSUE OF NOTES UNDER THE PROGRAMME, WHICH INVESTORS SHOULD 
ENSURE THEY FULLY UNDERSTAND (SEE "RISK FACTORS" ON PAGES 10 – 50 OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS). 
The Issuer has been assigned ratings of A-1 (short term) and A+ (long term) from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & 
Poor’s"); P-1 (short term) and Aa3 (long term) from Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody’s"); and F1+ (short term) and AA- 
(long term) from Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). Senior Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be 
rated A+ (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of more than one year) and A-1 (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of less than one 
year) by Standard & Poor’s; Aa3 (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of more than one year) and P-1 (Senior Preferred Notes with a 
maturity of less than one year) by Moody’s; and AA (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of more than one year) and F1+ (Senior 
Preferred Notes with a maturity of less than one year) by Fitch. Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme are 
expected to be rated A- by Standard & Poor’s; Baa1 by Moody’s; and AA- by Fitch. Each of Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch is 
established in the European Union ("EU") and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche (as defined below) of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.  
 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank Securities 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
RBC Capital Markets 
UBS Investment Bank 
Wells Fargo Securities 
 
March 22, 2023

--- Page 3 ---
III 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus is true and accurate in all material respects 
and not misleading; that there are no other facts in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference herein the omission of which would, in the context of the Programme and the issue of the Notes, 
make any statement herein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been 
made to verify the foregoing. The Issuer has further confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus 
(together with, in relation to any Tranche, the applicable Final Terms) contains the necessary information which 
is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses, and prospects of the Issuer, of the rights attaching to the relevant Notes and the reasons 
for any issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
In relation to any Tranche, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such Tranche, the interest (if any) 
payable in respect of the Notes of such Tranche, the issue price and certain other information which is relevant 
to such Tranche will be set out in a final terms document ("Final Terms").  
The Final Terms in respect of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin will be filed with the Central Bank on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such 
Tranche. Copies of the Final Terms in respect of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any amendment or supplement hereto, all information 
which is deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Information Incorporated by Reference") and, 
in relation to any Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such information is incorporated in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein (see 
"Information Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank. 
The Issuer has not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information regarding the Issuer 
or the Notes other than as contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in the Dealer 
Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"), in any other 
document prepared in connection with the Programme or any Final Terms or as approved for such purpose 
by the Issuer. Any such representation or information should not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). 
None of this Base Prospectus, any financial statements and any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme and any Notes (i) is intended to provide the sole basis of any credit or other evaluation of the 
Issuer, (ii) constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes or (iii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Trustee or any of them that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus, any financial statements or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus, 
any financial statements or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes

--- Page 4 ---
IV 
 
 
shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates or the 
Trustee, and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates nor the Trustee make any representation 
or warranty or accept any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any part hereof or any Final Terms nor the offering, 
sale or delivery of any Note shall in any circumstances create any implication that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final 
Terms may be used by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such use is not authorised. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, and may be offered and sold 
outside of the United States to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and in the United 
States only to QIBs. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that the sellers of the Notes may be relying 
on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor’s 
financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions

--- Page 5 ---
V 
 
 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
Further, prospective investors should ensure that they have sufficient knowledge and awareness of the 
economic situation and outlook, including in the Eurozone and globally, as they consider necessary to enable 
them to make their own evaluation of the risks and merits of an investment in the Notes. In particular, 
prospective investors should take into account the considerable uncertainty as to how the Eurozone and the 
wider economic situation will develop over time. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes sold to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act will be represented by beneficial interests in an unrestricted global Note in registered form, 
without interest coupons (an "Unrestricted Registered Global Note"), which will be deposited either (i) with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") for the 
accounts of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
for the accounts of their respective participants or (ii) with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as 
the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a nominee of a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Prior to expiry of the period that ends 40 days after the 
later of the date of issue of a Tranche and the completion of the distribution of a Tranche of Notes, as certified 
by the relevant Dealer, in the case of a non-syndicated issue, or the lead manager, in the case of a syndicated 
issue (the "Distribution Compliance Period"), beneficial interests in the Unrestricted Registered Global Note 
may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person except in accordance with Rule 
144A, Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S or pursuant to another applicable exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Each Tranche of Registered Notes sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act will be represented 
by beneficial interests in a restricted global Note in registered form, without interest coupons (a "Restricted 
Registered Global Note" and, together with an Unrestricted Registered Global Note, the "Registered Global 
Notes"), which will be deposited either (i) with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, 
DTC or (ii) with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Registered Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Registered Notes") will, at the request 
of the Holder (as defined under "Overview of the Programme") (save to the extent otherwise indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms), be issued in exchange for interests in the Registered Global Notes upon the terms 
set out in the relevant Registered Global Note. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global Note in bearer form (a 
"Temporary Global Note") which will (i) if the Temporary Global Note is intended to be issued in new global 
note ("NGN") form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and (ii) if the 
Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or after the date 
which is 40 days after the later of the date of issue of a Tranche and the completion of the distribution of the 
Notes of the relevant Tranche and provided certification as to beneficial ownership thereof as required by 
United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended) has been received, interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for either 
interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form (a "Permanent Global Note") or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Bearer Notes"). Interests in the Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes in whole, but not in part, in the circumstances 
set out in the relevant Permanent Global Note. Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and,

--- Page 6 ---
VI 
 
 
subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered, resold or delivered within the United States to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" below. 
The Notes have not been recommended by, or approved or disapproved by, the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or any other federal or state securities commission in the United States 
nor has the SEC or any other federal or state securities commission confirmed the accuracy or determined the 
adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except 
as permitted under applicable United States federal or state securities laws pursuant to a registration statement 
or an exemption from registration. Investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial 
risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that 
the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend titled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the relevant Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (the "Arranger") nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the relevant Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes,

--- Page 7 ---
VII 
 
 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 8 of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of 
applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts ("NI 33-105"), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest 
in connection with any offering of the Notes.

--- Page 8 ---
VIII 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may include forward-looking statements. Examples of such forward-looking statements 
include, but are not limited to: (i) projections or expectations of net interest income, total income, profit, 
earnings per share, capital expenditure, dividends, capital structure or other financial items or ratios; (ii) 
statements of any plans, objectives or goals or those of management for future operations, including those 
related to products or services; (iii) statements of future economic performance, including, in particular, any 
such statements included under the section entitled "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations"; and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying such statements, 
including assumptions relating to general economic conditions in Sweden, Europe and worldwide. Words such 
as "believes", "anticipates", "expects", "intends", "aims" and "plans" and similar expressions are intended to 
identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
Any forward-looking statements herein have been based on current expectations and projections about 
uncertain future events. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about 
the Group and the Issuer. Although it is believed that the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and 
intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors should bear in mind that a 
number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the plans, objectives, 
expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements, including assumptions 
relating to general economic conditions in Sweden, Europe and worldwide. These factors include those set 
out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and risks which the Issuer currently is not 
aware of, as well as more generally (without limitation): 
 
changes in global economic and market conditions causing substantial credit impairments; 
 
liquidity risks and access to capital markets; 
 
the Group’s ability to recover value of collateral; 
 
changes to or fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies; 
 
the Group's ability to maintain targeted capital ratios; 
 
IT disruptions or cybersecurity attacks;  
 
economic volatility in the Baltic countries; 
 
the effects of changes in taxation or accounting standards or practices;  
 
concentration risk related to the Group’s retail mortgage portfolio which comprises the cover pool for 
the covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage; 
 
risks relating to litigation arising from the Group’s business conduct; 
 
the Group’s ability to recruit and retain highly skilled individuals; 
 
risks relating to high levels of Swedish household debt and a potential decrease in housing prices; 
 
changes in interest rates or changes in the competitive environment affecting spreads on the Group's 
lending and deposits; 
 
systemic risk and the risk of defaults by entities who owe the Group money; 
 
market fluctuations and volatility;

--- Page 9 ---
IX 
 
 
 
increased competition; 
 
risks related to climate change; 
 
money laundering, terrorist financing and financial sanctions risks; 
 
uncertainties about the strength of the Eurozone and other geopolitical risks; 
 
volatility in financial, commodities and other markets as a result of the global coronavirus pandemic 
and the Russian invasion of Ukraine; 
 
worsening economic conditions in the Group’s home markets; 
 
fluctuations in the global financial markets; 
 
adverse regulatory, taxation and governmental developments; and 
the success at managing the risks of the foregoing.  
It should be noted that the foregoing list of important factors is not exhaustive. The foregoing factors and other 
uncertainties and events should also be considered when making an investment decision based on any 
forward-looking statement. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events 
discussed in this Base Prospectus may not occur.

--- Page 10 ---
X 
 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
The Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any Registered Notes remain outstanding and are "restricted 
securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, it will, during any period in which it 
is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the "Exchange Act") nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under such Act, make available to 
any Holder of such Registered Notes in connection with any resale thereof and any prospective purchaser of 
such Registered Notes from such Holder, in each case upon request, the information specified in, and meeting 
the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
ENFORCEABILITY OF JUDGMENTS 
The Issuer is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Sweden. Substantially all of the Issuer’s 
directors and executive officers and the experts named herein are residents of Sweden. All, or a substantial 
portion of, the assets of the Issuer and of such individuals are located outside the United States. It may not be 
possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon the Issuer or such persons 
with respect to matters arising under the U.S. securities laws or to enforce against them judgments obtained 
in U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of such laws. The United States and Sweden do not 
have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments rendered in connection with 
civil and commercial disputes. Furthermore, (i) there is doubt whether an original action could be brought in 
Sweden against the Issuer predicated solely upon the provisions of the U.S. securities laws and (ii) actions for 
enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts against the Issuer are not enforceable in Sweden, either by treaty or 
in practice, but are accepted on an evidential basis in a Swedish legal action. 
Furthermore, following the end of the transition period for the withdrawal of the UK from the EU on December 
31, 2020, a judgment rendered against the Issuer in the courts of England would not be directly enforceable 
in Sweden. Instead, proceedings ab initio may have to be commenced against the Issuer in Swedish courts. 
As a result, there is currently lack of clarity on enforcement of English law judgments against the Issuer in 
Sweden.  
SECOND PARTY OPINION 
In connection with the issue of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer has 
obtained a Second-Party Opinion on the Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework (each as defined in "Use 
and Estimated Net Amounts of Proceeds"). The Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework and the Second-
Party Opinion are accessible through the Issuer’s website at  https://www.swedbank.com/investor-
relations/debt-investors/sustainable-bonds.html. However, any information on, or accessible through, the 
Issuer’s website and the information in the Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework or the Second-Party 
Opinion is not incorporated by reference, and does not constitute part of, this Base Prospectus and should not 
be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the 
Dealers, ISS ESG or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related 
thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion for the purpose of any investment in any Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability 
Bonds.

--- Page 11 ---
XI 
 
 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) 
NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A 
LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY 
NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON 
WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO 
LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 12 ---
XII 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
1. 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................. 1 
2. 
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
3. 
Presentation of Certain Financial and other Information .................................................................... 51 
4. 
Information Incorporated by Reference .............................................................................................. 53 
5. 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................... 55 
6. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................... 61 
7. 
Use and Estimated Net Amounts of Proceeds ................................................................................. 115 
8. 
Swedbank ......................................................................................................................................... 119 
9. 
Selected Financial Information ......................................................................................................... 137 
10. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ........... 141 
11. 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness ...................................................................................................... 176 
12. 
Selected Statistical and Other Information ....................................................................................... 177 
13. 
Risk Management ............................................................................................................................. 189 
14. 
Management ..................................................................................................................................... 208 
15. 
Regulatory Considerations ............................................................................................................... 219 
16. 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................ 230 
17. 
ERISA Considerations ...................................................................................................................... 242 
18. 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions .......................................................... 244 
19. 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................... 254 
20. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 269 
21. 
General Information .......................................................................................................................... 271

--- Page 13 ---
1 
 
 
1. 
Overview of the Programme 
This overview should be understood as an introduction to this Base Prospectus, and highlights information 
presented in greater detail elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. This overview is not complete and does not 
contain all the information an investor should consider before investing in the Notes. Any investor should 
carefully read the entire Base Prospectus before investing, including "Risk Factors", "Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations", the audited consolidated financial 
statements of Swedbank incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Each decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on an assessment of the entire Base Prospectus. 
This Overview of the Programme constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
1.1 
Overview of the Key Features of the Programme 
 
Issuer: 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
M312WZV08Y7LYUC71685 
Website of the Issuer: 
www.swedbank.com 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.  
Dealers: 
Barclays Capital Inc. 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 
 
BofA Securities, Inc. 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
 
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
 
RBC Capital Markets, LLC 
UBS Securities LLC

--- Page 14 ---
2 
 
 
 
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Transfer Agents: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Exchange Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Amount: 
U.S.$15,000,000,000 (or its approximate equivalent in other 
currencies), subject to any duly authorised increase. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in registered form or in bearer form. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes offered and sold within the United 
States or to U.S. persons in reliance on Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act will be represented by beneficial interests in a 
Restricted Registered Global Note, which will be deposited either (i) 
with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC 
or (ii) with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered 
in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the 
common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each 
Tranche of Registered Notes sold outside the United States to 
persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act will be represented by beneficial interests in an 
Unrestricted Registered Global Note, without interest coupons, which 
will be deposited either (i) with a custodian for, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective 
participants or (ii) with a common depositary or common safekeeper, 
as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee 
of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In respect of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the Issuer will deliver a 
Temporary Global Note, which will (i) if the Temporary Global Note is 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on, or prior to, the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 15 ---
3 
 
 
Luxembourg; or (ii) if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form, be delivered on, or prior to, the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either for 
interests in a Permanent Global Note or Definitive Bearer Notes, in 
each case upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes may be issued on a senior preferred basis ("Senior 
Preferred Notes") or on a senior non-preferred basis ("Senior Non-
Preferred Notes"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders thereof shall, in the 
event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, rank as described in 
Condition 3(a) in relation to the claims of other creditors. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders thereof 
shall, in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: 
likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, rank as 
described in Condition 3(b)(ii) in relation to the claims of other 
creditors. 
Offering and Sale: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements, the Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or combination of 
currencies (including, without limitation, United States dollars, Euro, 
Japanese Yen and Pounds Sterling) subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches. The Notes of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, whether as to currency, interest or maturity 
or otherwise, save that Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates 
and Issue Prices may be different in respect of different Tranches. 
The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all 
respects (save that a Tranche may comprise Notes in more than one 
denomination). Further Tranches of Notes may be issued as part of 
an existing Series. 
Issue Price: 
The Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and may be issued at 
any price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Notes may have any maturity of not less than one month, subject, in 
relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal

--- Page 16 ---
4 
 
 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. No provision is 
made for the issue of perpetual Notes. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the UK or (b) the activity 
of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained 
by the Issuer in the UK, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and 
be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be 
issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
The Notes will be redeemable at par. 
Early Redemption: 
Early redemption will be permitted: 
(i) 
upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event and, where 
"Tax Event Call" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event as 
described in Condition 5(b);  
(ii) 
where 
"Redemption 
upon 
occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event and amounts payable on redemption 
thereof" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event as described in Condition 5(h); 
(iii) 
where "Clean-Up Call Option" is specified to be applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, if the Clean-Up Call Minimum 
Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of 
a Series of Notes has been redeemed or purchased and 
subsequently cancelled as described in Condition 5(k), 
but will otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject to compliance with all applicable 
laws and regulations. 
Any such early redemption will be subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required). See 
Condition 5(i). 
Substitution or Variation: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 5(j) applies, 
if at any time (i) a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is 
continuing; (ii) a Withholding Tax Event occurs and is continuing; (iii) 
where "Tax Event Call" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, a Tax Event occurs and is continuing; or (iv) in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f), the 
Issuer may, subject to Condition 5(i), substitute the Notes for, or vary 
their terms so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case

--- Page 17 ---
5 
 
 
of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, as further provided in 
Condition 5(j). 
Taxation: 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by, or on behalf of, the Kingdom of Sweden 
or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject to the exceptions set out in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Taxation") pay in respect of 
payments of interest only such additional amounts as will result in the 
holders of Notes or Coupons ("Holders") receiving such amounts as 
they would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had 
no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Negative Pledge: 
None 
Cross-Default: 
None 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser" is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Floating 
Rate Note or a Reset Note, in the event that the Issuer determines 
that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any, and any Benchmark Amendments as described in 
Condition 4(e). 
See Condition 4(e) for further details. 
 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. Dollars and the Reference Rate is 
specified as SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) 
"Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR" is also specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Note, and 
the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on 
any date, the Issuer will determine a Benchmark Replacement in 
accordance with the benchmark transition provisions described in 
Condition 4(f). 
See Condition 4(f) for further details.

--- Page 18 ---
6 
 
 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank (or 
equivalent body) requirements, provided however, that (i) the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) 
and (ii) Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act 
shall be issued in minimum denominations of U.S.$200,000 and 
integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof. 
Terms and Conditions: 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to each Tranche of Notes will 
be as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at, or prior 
to the time of issuance of such Tranche, and will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes, a 
copy of which, in the case of Notes intended to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin on 
or before the date of issue. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement (as defined under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), all matters arising from or 
connected with them and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law, except that the provisions in the 
Notes under Condition 3 and Clause 3 of the Trust Deed are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
Swedish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers: 
The Notes will be subject to Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers, as described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers". 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges, markets or quotation systems 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the 
Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
Clearing Systems: 
DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
7 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or any applicable U.S. state securities laws, and are 
being offered and sold in the United States only to QIBs and outside 
of the United States to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S and, in each case, in compliance with applicable 
securities laws. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that 
sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the 
provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
 
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with United States 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
rules substantially in the same form that are applicable for the 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended) ("TEFRA D"), unless the Bearer Notes are issued in 
circumstances in which the Bearer Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, which circumstances will be referred to in the applicable 
Final Terms as a transaction to which the United States Tax Equity 
and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA") is not applicable. 
 
There are selling restrictions relating to the offer, sale and transfer of 
the Notes in the United States, to retail investors in the EEA (as 
defined in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions" below), in the United Kingdom, in Italy, in Hong Kong 
and in Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. 
See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" 
below. 
The ability of the Dealers and the Arranger to make a market in the 
Notes may be impacted by changes in any regulatory requirements 
(including as a result of regulatory developments such as the SEC’s 
interpretation of Rule 15c2-11 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
and its application to debt securities) applicable to the marketing, 
holding and trading of, and issuing quotations with respect to, the 
Notes. 
Risk Factors: 
There are various factors which may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme, 
principally the risks relating to the banking industry in the Group’s 
primary markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. The 
Group’s business may be affected by such factors as credit risk, 
market risk, operational risk and liquidity risk as well as the economic 
conditions, globally or for certain geographies or sectors, particularly 
relating to the above-mentioned primary markets for the Group as well 
as to the banking industry in Europe. In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks relating to an investment in Notes issued under the Programme. 
These include risks related to the structure of a particular issue of 
Notes, risks inherent in Notes and certain other factors. For a further 
discussion of risk factors, see "Risk Factors".

--- Page 20 ---
8 
 
 
1.2 
Overview of the Issuer   
Swedbank is a public limited liability bank company (Sw: Bankaktiebolag) incorporated under the laws 
of the Kingdom of Sweden and headquartered in Stockholm. Its registered office is located at SE-105 
34 Stockholm, with its head office at Landsvägen 40, 172 63 Sundbyberg and its telephone number 
is +46 (0)8 5859 0000. It is registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office in Sundsvall 
under registration number 502017-7753. Swedbank’s shares are listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. 
Swedbank was incorporated on April 24, 1942.  
As of December 31, 2022, the Group served a total of over seven million private customers and 
550,000 corporate customers and organisations through approximately 400 branches (compared to 
423 in 2021), primarily in its four home markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. This includes 
customers reached through 58 associated independent savings banks that collaborate with 
Swedbank. The terms of such collaboration are governed by a common framework agreement which 
is agreed with the national association of savings banks, Sparbankernas Riksförbund, with each 
savings bank signing up to this agreement individually. During 2022, eight branches were closed in 
Sweden, mainly due to changing customer behaviour where customers chose to interact with the 
Group digitally instead of visiting branch offices.  
The Group offers a broad range of products and services, including retail banking, corporate and 
investment banking, asset management and insurance products, with the majority of the Group’s 
income in 2022 derived from its Swedish banking services. As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s 
loans to the public, excluding the Swedish National Debt Office (“SNDO”) and repurchase agreements, 
amounted to SEK 1,799 billion. The Group recorded SEK 31,806 million in profit before impairments, 
Swedish bank tax and resolution fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and SEK 26,834 million 
in profit before impairments, the Swedish bank tax and resolution fees for the year ended December 
31, 2021. Credit impairments for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to SEK 1,479 million. 
Net profit attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank for the year ended December 31, 2022 
amounted to SEK 21,877 million and SEK 20,871 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. As 
of December 31, 2022, the Group had 16,803 full-time employees. As of December 31, 2022, the 
Group had a return on equity (“ROE”) of 13.3 per cent, a cost/income ratio of 0.4 and a liquidity 
coverage ratio (“LCR”) of 160 per cent. 
The Group has a history dating back to 1820 when the first savings bank was founded in Sweden. In 
the early 1990s, each of Sparbanken Sverige and Föreningsbanken merged with a number of regional 
savings banks and regional agricultural co-operative banks, respectively. In 1997, Sparbanken 
Sverige and Föreningsbanken merged to form FöreningsSparbanken. FöreningsSparbanken changed 
its name to Swedbank in 2006. Swedbank expanded its operations into the Baltic countries (Estonia, 
Latvia and Lithuania) in 1996 when it acquired a 12.5 per cent stake in Eesti Hoiupank, a bank that 
merged with Hansabank in 1998. In 1999, Swedbank acquired additional shares, resulting in a 50 per 
cent ownership of the shares in Hansabank and, in 2005, acquired all the remaining outstanding 
shares in Hansabank (now Swedbank AS). The Group consists of four business segments. 
 
Swedish Banking: Swedish Banking offers a broad range of financial products and services 
to private customers, as well as small and medium-sized corporates, through 145 branches 
as of December 31, 2022, as well as through digital channels and customer centres. Through 
co-operation with local associated independent savings banks and partly owned banks, the 
Group also offers its retail products through 184 other branches as of December 31, 2022;  
 
Baltic Banking: Baltic Banking offers a complete range of financial products and services to 
private and corporate customers in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania through 71 branches as of 
December 31, 2022, as well as through digital channels and customer centres. The Group 
holds leading positions in several key market segments in its Baltic home markets;

--- Page 21 ---
9 
 
 
 
Large Corporates & Institutions: Large Corporates & Institutions (“LC&I”) is responsible for 
Swedbank’s offering to customers with revenues above SEK 2 billion and those whose needs 
are considered complex due to their multinational operations or their need for advanced 
financing solutions. LC&I is also responsible for developing corporate and capital market 
products for other parts of Swedbank and the Swedish savings banks. LC&I works closely 
with customers, who receive advice on decisions that create long-term profitability and 
sustainable growth. LC&I is represented in Sweden, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, 
Finland, China and the United States. 
 
Group Functions & Other: Group Functions & Other consists of central business support units 
and the customer advisory unit Group Financial Products & Advice. The central units serve as 
strategic and administrative support, comprising Accounting & Finance, Branding, 
Communication and Sustainability, Risk, Group Channels & Technologies, Compliance, 
Human Resources and Legal. Group Treasury is responsible for Swedbank’s funding, liquidity 
and capital planning. Group Treasury sets the prices on all internal deposit and loan flows in 
the Group through internal interest rates, where the most important parameters are maturity, 
interest fixing period, currency and the need for liquidity reserves.  
Selected Financial and Operational Data 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31,  
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Private customers (millions) ....................................................................................... 
7.1 
7.3 
7.3 
Corporate customers .................................................................................................. 
550,000 
620,000 
616,000 
Full-time employees.................................................................................................... 
16,803 
16,565 
16,213 
Total income (SEK million) ......................................................................................... 
53,221 
47,681 
46,539 
Profit before impairments, Swedish bank tax and resolution fees (SEK million) ....... 
31,806 
26,834 
21,979 
Credit impairments (SEK million) ............................................................................... 
1,479 
170 
4,334 
Profit for the year attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank (SEK million) ......... 
21,877 
20,871 
12,929

--- Page 22 ---
10 
 
 
2. 
Risk Factors 
2.1 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Financial Situation  
2.1.1 
Economic and market conditions have caused substantial credit impairments in the past, and 
future credit impairments could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, or the risk that its borrowers may not repay their loans according 
to their contractual terms. A deteriorating macroeconomic environment or increased risk profile of the 
Group’s credit portfolio could result in further credit impairment provisions and/or higher capital 
requirements. If the market value of collateral securing the payment of the loans made by the Group 
declines, the collateral may be insufficient to cover the loans.   
The Group uses through the cycle estimates of probability of default for calculating its regulatory capital 
requirements. If the risks in the Group’s credit portfolio increase, it would result in downgrades in the 
risk classification system. Any downgrades could result in a higher regulatory capital requirement, 
which could lead the Group to require additional capital. In addition, the Group values assets and 
assesses the capital adequacy position of its banking subsidiaries using financial models based on 
assumptions and estimates taking into account the prevailing market conditions which may prove 
inadequate if market conditions deteriorate. Changes in foreign exchange rates, decreases in 
collateral ratios as a consequence of the deterioration of the market value of assets pledged as 
collateral, or deterioration in the economic environment, among other things, could result in further 
credit impairment provisions and/or an increase in risk exposure amount (“REA”), which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
In addition, credit impairments can have an adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations. The 
Group’s credit impairments amounted to SEK 1,479 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 
and were mainly due to weaker macroeconomic scenarios and negative rating and stage migrations. 
The buffer of post-model expert credit adjustments to cover potential future credit impairments, 
originally related to COVID-19, amounted to SEK 1,738 million at the end of 2022 (compared to SEK 
1,796 million at the end of 2021 and SEK 1,533 million at the end of 2020). Credit impairments in the 
fourth quarter of 2022 amounted to SEK 679 million (with SEK 207 million from macros scenarios, 
SEK 343 million from rating and stage migrations, SEK 34 million from expert portfolio adjustments, 
SEK 32 million from individual assessments and SEK 63 million from other). A reassessment of the 
need in various sectors led to increases in impairments in property management and retail/wholesale, 
and decreases in impairments related to shipping and offshore. High inflation, high energy prices and 
rising interest rates combined with geopolitical instability continue to weigh on private persons and 
companies, yielding high uncertainty regarding economic development going forward. As the 
quantitative risk models do not yet reflect all potential deteriorations in credit quality, post-model 
adjustments to increase the credit impairment provisions continue to be deemed necessary.  
The credit impairments corresponded to a credit impairment ratio of 0.08 per cent. for the year ended 
December 31, 2022 compared to a credit impairment of SEK 170 million, corresponding to a credit 
impairment ratio of 0.01 per cent. for the year ended December 31, 2021 and a SEK 4,334 million 
credit impairment, corresponding to a credit impairment ratio of 0.26 per cent. for the year ended 
December 31, 2020. There can be no assurance that the Group will not experience materially higher

--- Page 23 ---
11 
 
 
credit impairments in the future. For further analysis of credit impairment ratios, refer to the section, 
“Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”  
2.1.2 
A significant amount of the Group’s long-term financing matures in the next 12 months, which 
the Group may not have the ability to refinance.  
A significant portion, SEK 127 billion, or 22 per cent as of December 31, 2022, of the Group’s external 
long-term financing, including maturing subordinated debt, matures in the next 12 months. Disruptions, 
uncertainty and/or increased volatility in the global capital markets may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s ability to raise new financing at all or on favourable terms. This could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity position, funding maturity profile and operating results. The 
availability of additional financing depends on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the 
availability of credit generally and, specifically for borrowers in the financial services industry, the 
volume of trading activities. 
In addition, an increase in interest rates and/or widening of credit spreads, as well as any restriction 
on the availability of credit, including, but not limited to, interbank credit, can affect the Group’s ability 
to borrow on a secured or unsecured basis, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
liquidity and results of operations. In difficult credit market conditions, the Group may be forced to fund 
its operations at a higher cost, or it may be unable to raise as much short- or long-term funding as 
needed to support its business activities. This could increase the Group’s funding costs or cause the 
Group to curtail its business activities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The availability of financing is also affected by the Group’s financial condition, its credit ratings and 
credit capacity, as well as any negative perception by the Group’s customers or lenders of the Group’s 
financial prospects if, for example, the Group incurs large loan losses or other losses, experiences 
significant deposit outflows or if the level of the Group’s business activity decreases due to a market 
downturn or otherwise. The Group’s access to funds may further be impaired if regulatory authorities 
impose additional regulatory capital requirements or if ratings agencies downgrade the credit ratings 
or outlook of Swedbank. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity position, 
funding maturity profile and operating results. For more information about recent regulatory changes 
to capital requirements, see “—Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries may need additional 
capital and/or eligible liabilities in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, 
and it may be difficult to obtain such capital and/or eligible liabilities.” 
2.1.3 
The Group’s funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on 
its credit ratings.  
On March 26, 2020, S&P lowered Swedbank’s long-term and short-term issuer credit rating on 
Swedbank AB and its core subsidiary Swedbank Mortgage AB. On April 2, 2020, Moody’s downgraded 
Swedbank’s long-term deposit and senior unsecured debt ratings, junior senior unsecured debt 
ratings, subordinated debt ratings and baseline credit assessment. Any downgrade of Swedbank’s 
credit rating, or the credit ratings of its significant subsidiaries such as Swedbank Mortgage, could 
increase its borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity position of the Group, limit its access to the 
capital markets, undermine confidence in, and the competitive position of, the Group, or trigger 
obligations under certain bilateral terms in some of its trading and collateralised financing contracts, 
including requiring the provision of additional collateral as well as limiting the range of counterparties 
willing to enter into transactions with the Group. Any such event could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Any fines or sanctions imposed 
on the Group by relevant authorities, including the SFSA, could have an adverse impact on the Group's 
credit rating. For more information relating to credit rating risks see “Selected Financial Information—
Ratings”.

--- Page 24 ---
12 
 
 
2.1.4 
The Group may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing defaulted loans, 
and even if it is successful in its foreclosure efforts, it may be unable to successfully repossess 
the underlying assets, which may adversely affect its ability to recover the value of the 
collateral. 
If a borrower defaults under one of the Group’s loans, the Group may foreclose on the loan and/or 
acquire title to the assets pledged as collateral, and thereafter make substantial improvements or 
repairs in order to maximise the asset’s realisable value. The borrower may contest enforcement of 
foreclosure or other compulsory measures, which may delay the foreclosure. The borrower may also 
seek bankruptcy protection, in which case certain regulatory measures may preclude the Group from 
enforcing foreclosure or pursuing other remedies against the borrower. Foreclosure-related costs, high 
LTV ratios or reductions in the value of the assets may prevent the Group from realising an amount 
equal to its loans upon foreclosure, and the Group may be required to record losses. 
Even if the Group is able to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing its exposures, the Group 
may hold title to pledged assets that it is unable to efficiently repossess or force a sale of, which would 
adversely affect the Group’s ability to recover the value of the collateral securing its exposure. 
Furthermore, the Group may, as part of its foreclosure on business assets, end up acquiring collateral 
that is not core to the Group’s business and in respect of which it lacks the required operational or 
management expertise or experience or may be prohibited from owning under applicable regulations. 
Managing such assets may be costly and may require additional expertise, personnel or outsourcing, 
options which may not be readily available or available at all. All of the above may adversely affect the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.1.5 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk. Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s assets, including its loan portfolio, and its results 
of operations. 
Currency risk refers to the risk that the value of the Group’s assets and liabilities, including derivatives, 
will be negatively affected by changes in exchange rates or other relevant risk factors. 
The Group has currency positions through goodwill and other intangible assets which are deductible 
from the capital base. These currency positions are financed in SEK and are not hedged because 
changes in exchange rates between foreign currencies and SEK do not affect either the Group’s profit 
or capital base. The major single position is in EUR and relates to the Baltic operations. 
In addition, the Group is subject to structural currency risks within its banking operations because it 
takes deposits and lends in different currencies. Currency risk also arises from the Group’s trading 
operations, e.g., due to customer transactions. Group Treasury manages currency risk that arises from 
banking operations or is strategic in nature by limiting the total value of assets and liabilities (including 
derivatives) denominated in a single currency to a desired level using derivatives, such as cross-
currency swaps and forward exchange agreements. Currency risks arising from trading operations are 
also managed by the use of currency derivatives. 
Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies may also have a negative impact on the Group’s liquidity 
as the Group’s overall liquidity includes balances which are held in foreign currencies. As the foreign 
currency balances value varies, the liquidity reserve value will also fluctuate. Additionally, fluctuations 
in the value of foreign currencies may also have a negative impact on the Group’s capital position, 
since a portion of the Group’s capital and REA is denominated in foreign currencies.

--- Page 25 ---
13 
 
 
2.1.6 
The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available. 
The Group’s liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access debt markets, an inability to sell assets 
or redeem investments, outflows of deposits or collateral deterioration. This could be due to 
circumstances that the Group is unable to control, such as continued general market disruption, loss 
of confidence in financial markets, uncertainty and speculation regarding the solvency of market 
participants, rating downgrades, or operational problems that affect third parties. Perceived liquidity 
risks from rumours or speculation in the marketplace can, in certain circumstances, lead to real liquidity 
impairments, which can further lead to, amongst other things, a downgrade in credit ratings, thereby 
exacerbating a downward liquidity spiral.  
The Group, like its Nordic peers, is reliant on wholesale funding due to a structural shortage of deposits 
in the Swedish banking system, which makes it sensitive to prolonged dislocations in the funding 
markets. The Group’s ability to sell assets at commercially desirable prices, or at all, could be impaired 
if other market participants are seeking to sell similar assets at the same time or are not in the position 
to finance themselves, or when the market value of assets, including financial instruments underlying 
derivative transactions to which the Group is a party, is difficult to ascertain, which occurred during the 
last liquidity crisis. In addition, financial institutions with which the Group interacts could exercise set-
off rights or the right to require additional collateral, which could further impair the Group’s access to 
liquidity. The Group’s internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, the 
Group may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favourable terms or at all, which 
would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
2.1.7 
Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries may need additional capital and/or eligible 
liabilities in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be 
difficult to obtain such capital and/or eligible liabilities. 
The Group, on a consolidated basis, and Swedbank and its financial institution subsidiaries, on an 
individual basis, are required to maintain minimum capital ratios, eligible liability levels and solvency 
levels prescribed by law in each of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. If the capital or eligible 
liabilities of the Group are not sufficient to meet the applicable requirements or if the applicable 
requirements increase or the rules concerning what counts as capital or eligible liabilities change, the 
Group may need to obtain additional capital and/or eligible liabilities in the future and it may not be 
able to obtain new equity capital or debt financing to meet such requirements on favourable terms, 
which would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
In addition, if the capital ratios of Swedbank’s financial institution subsidiaries deteriorate, Swedbank, 
as the parent company, could be required to provide funding by way of direct or indirect capital 
contributions, loans or guarantees of loans into its subsidiaries. To the extent that it does not, Group 
operations could be restricted in the relevant jurisdictions as a result of regulatory penalties, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Moreover, developments in the regulatory framework, such as changes in the risk weighting of assets, 
may cause reductions in the Group’s capital adequacy ratios and solvency levels and/or cause the 
applicable minimum capital or eligible liability requirements to increase. Additionally, macro-prudential 
authorities may change the Group’s capital and/or eligible liability requirements in the future, when 
they deem it necessary to contain systemic risk. For further detail, see “Regulatory Considerations – 
Banking Regulation and Supervision in Sweden.”

--- Page 26 ---
14 
 
 
In November 2018, the SFSA published a memorandum explaining its view of the EBA’s updated 
guidelines on banks’ internal risk classification systems. In particular, the SFSA required Swedish 
banks to analyse their internal risk classification systems to ensure that they comply with updated 
requirements. Swedbank has applied to have new internal models for risk classification approved and 
the application process is ongoing. The phase-in of the implementation has started and Swedbank 
has, in addition, decided on an Article 3 add-on, corresponding to the bank’s estimate of the remaining 
REA effect, to be held until all models have been approved and implemented. Uncertainty remains 
regarding the final impact from the new internal risk models since it is subject to the supervisory 
authorities’ approval. 
The proposed reforms to Basel III, including the output floor of 72.5 per cent, are expected to increase 
the REA and the capital requirements for Swedbank. The magnitude of the increase is still uncertain 
and will depend on how Swedish and European competent financial authorities choose to implement 
the new regulatory framework for European and, in particular, Swedish banks. If the REA and capital 
requirements are increased for Swedbank, it may need to obtain additional capital and/or eligible 
liabilities in the future and it may not be able to obtain new equity capital or debt financing to meet 
such requirements on favourable terms, which would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. The EU Commission published proposals for 
implementation of the reforms to Basel III in October 2021. It was proposed that the five-year phase-
in period for the output floor should be postponed until January 1, 2025 and end on January 1, 2030. 
The proposal also contained temporary exemptions beyond those previously proposed by the Basel 
Committee. The exemptions were proposed to apply until the end of 2032. The EU Council reached 
an agreement on its proposal in November 2022, which largely follows the initial proposal from the EU 
Commission. As a next step, the EU Council will negotiate the proposal with the EU Parliament in 
order to agree on a final version of the texts. The proposal is expected to result in a limited increase 
of Swedbank’s risk exposure amounts. However, the magnitude of the increase is still uncertain and 
will depend on how Swedish and European financial authorities choose to implement the new 
regulatory framework for European and, in particular, Swedish, banks. 
On December 17, 2021, the SNDO published its decision on resolution plans and minimum 
requirements for eligible liabilities and own funds (“MREL”). To ensure a linear phase-in of the new 
requirements, the SNDO decided on target levels applicable to Swedbank as of January 1, 2022. The 
requirements began phasing in on January 1, 2022, with full compliance expected no later than 
January 1, 2024. Swedbank will be required to issue an amount of additional eligible liabilities in the 
form of senior non-preferred debt or other eligible MREL instruments in order to meet the new MREL 
requirements by January 1, 2024.   
Given that the new MREL requirements must be met by all EU credit institutions, there is a risk that 
there is not a sufficient investor appetite in the debt markets for the aggregate volume of eligible 
liabilities which must be issued up until January 1, 2024, which would have a negative effect on the 
price and value of such instruments. The degree to which the price and value of such instruments may 
vary is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to Swedbank’s or the Group’s income.  
Furthermore, if Swedbank were to experience difficulties in raising such eligible liabilities, it would have 
to reduce its lending or investments in other operations. This is likely to lead to a decrease in 
Swedbank’s income which, if its costs remain unchanged, would decrease its operating result.

--- Page 27 ---
15 
 
 
2.2 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Operational and Strategic Situation 
2.2.1 
IT and other systems and infrastructure on which the Group depends are subject to disruptions 
and failures for a variety of reasons which could be outside the Group’s control. 
The Group’s operations are highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a 
large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex, across numerous and diverse 
markets in many currencies, as well as its ability to accommodate current and future regulatory 
provisions, such as anti money laundering monitoring requirements and IFRS 9 record keeping and 
calculations. Increased digitisation contributes to making operational risks more complex, not least 
because the number of places and ways in which the bank interacts with customers is growing. The 
Group’s financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to 
operate properly or become disabled due to, for example: 
 
infrastructure issues which are related to hardware, software, network and communication 
failures, power supply and cooling systems; 
 
external dependencies where the Group’s operations are dependent on third parties such as 
stock exchanges, clearing houses, external information providers and software vendors’ 
maintenance providers; 
 
internal issues such as deterioration in the quality of IT development, support and operations 
processes, and a high turnover of employees or organisational changes, resulting in an 
inadequate number of personnel to handle the increasing complexity of operations or manual 
errors; and 
 
information security issues, as the Group’s operations rely on the secure processing, storage 
and transmission of confidential and other information in its computer systems and networks. 
The Group’s computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorised 
access, external attacks or internal breaches that could have a security impact. If one or more 
of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardise the Group’s, or the Group’s clients’ or 
counterparties’, confidential and other information. The Group may be required to spend 
significant additional resources to modify its protective measures or to investigate and 
remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and it may be subject to litigation and financial 
losses as well as reputational risks that are either not insured against or not fully covered 
through any insurance maintained by the Group. 
Any disruption in the Group’s IT or other systems may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the IT 
infrastructure that supports the businesses and the Group’s operations in the countries in which the 
Group is located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation or 
other services used by the Group or third parties with whom it conducts business, or a catastrophic 
event involving any location where the Group has a significant operational base. 
In 2022, the Group occasionally experienced system disruptions that affected customer access to 
services. A significant fraction of IT incidents were caused by external parties.  
On April 28 and 29, 2022, Swedbank experienced a serious IT incident in connection with a system 
update. The incident caused incorrect balances to be shown in customers’ account statements and 
subsequent payment problems while also affecting the availability of the bank’s services. On July 6, 
2022, the SFSA launched an investigation as to whether Swedbank had followed the appropriate laws,

--- Page 28 ---
16 
 
 
regulations, internal routines and processes in connection with the IT incidents. On March 15, 2023, 
Swedbank announced that it had received an administrative fine of SEK 850 million from the SFSA 
regarding the incident. The SFSA remarked that Swedbank had made a change to an IT system 
without following Swedbank’s internal procedures and processes. Swedbank takes this incident 
seriously and has taken extensive action to prevent similar events from occurring. 
During 2022, Swedbank experienced several incidents affecting the stability of the Internet Bank as a 
channel in the Baltic countries, and the availability for Swedbank’s Baltic customers to initiate 
payments and access accounts. This followed a number of incidents in 2021 in Sweden, and to a 
lesser extent across the Group. The primary impact for Swedbank from such incidents is reputational, 
but financial impact due to lost business and additional costs related to incident management and 
recovery may also occur. These types of incidents may expose Swedbank to monetary damages, 
direct or indirect costs, direct or indirect financial loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licences or 
authorizations, penalties or regulatory restrictions. 
2.2.2 
The Group is subject to a variety of risks as a result of its operations outside of Sweden, most 
notably in the Baltic countries. 
The Group’s operations in the Baltic countries present various risks that apply to a lesser degree to its 
business in Sweden. In particular, the Group faces higher economic, geopolitical and political risks in 
the Baltic countries. The prominent risks to be mentioned are heightened geopolitical risks due to the 
proximity to the war in Ukraine, additional economic volatility, recession, inflationary pressure, 
increased interest rates, sanctions, embargos, trade wars and changes in law or tax policy. Since 
February 24, 2022, when Russia invaded Ukraine, which resulted in full scale war, the United States, 
the United Kingdom and the EU have imposed economic sanctions on Russia and its ally, Belarus. 
The sanctions have had and may continue to have substantial effects on energy prices and supply 
across Europe. Many companies have had to revisit their supply chains and also cease their 
operations from Russia, Belarus or Ukraine. All of the effects above, in turn, may trigger changes in 
economic, regulatory or further changes to monetary policy and may have a material adverse effect 
on Swedbank’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Potential escalations of the conflict and new sanctions, adding to the already elevated price pressures, 
could negatively affect economic activity. In addition, potential cyber-attacks on Baltic and Nordic state 
infrastructures may cause disturbances impacting Swedbank and its customers. Lithuania’s diplomatic 
dispute with China over opening an official Taiwanese representative office in Lithuania had not 
created any immediate harm to the economy, but may pose further risks to the Baltic economies. Risks 
such as these could impact the ability or obligations of the Group’s borrowers to repay their loans, the 
value of the Group’s collateral held as security, interest rates and foreign exchange rates, and the 
levels of economic activity. In addition, the Group may face a higher risk of money laundering activity 
in the Baltic countries and there can be no assurance that the Group’s anti money laundering policies 
and procedures have effectively mitigated or will effectively mitigate the risk associated with these 
jurisdictions. As discussed in “—Risks Relating to the Internal Control and Compliance—The Group is 
exposed to money laundering, terrorist financing and financial sanctions risks, and has been and is 
still subject to investigations by certain authorities into allegations that the Group may have processed 
money laundering transactions and may have violated OFAC sanctions,” the Group is responding to 
serious allegations that significant sums of money were transferred through the Group’s Baltic 
subsidiaries by customers who may have been involved in money laundering. All of the foregoing 
factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 29 ---
17 
 
 
2.2.3 
The Group is exposed to concentration risk 
The Group is exposed to geographic concentration risk in the form of exposure to Sweden. For the 
full-year 2022, the Swedish Banking business segment generated 59.6 per cent of the Group’s total 
income and 68.8 per cent of its profits and therefore a downturn in this segment could materially impact 
the Group.  
The Group is also exposed to sector concentration risk due to the fact that a large share of its loans 
are private mortgages or are made to the property management industry. Private mortgage loans 
constituted 57 per cent of Swedbank’s total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, with 89 per cent 
of the private mortgage loans in Sweden. Property management was the largest corporate sector and 
constituted 16 per cent of the total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, with 80 per cent of the 
property management loans in Sweden. A weaker economic situation, increasing interest rates, 
increased market competition or deteriorating conditions in this sector could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.2.4 
The Group’s activities may be subject to cybercrime attacks. 
Swedbank’s activities continue to be exposed to a risk of cyber-attacks, the nature of which is 
continually evolving. Digital developments, together with Swedbank’s size and market share, make it 
a potential target for cybercrime, the cost of which is rising significantly. In particular, the Group is the 
subject of cyber fraud attempts, which are primarily related to the Group’s card and internet banking 
operations. Instances of internet banking fraud largely stem from social engineering of the Group’s 
customers and employees, which results in unauthorised persons gaining access to customers’ 
accounts, circumventing technical and logical protection mechanisms. Fraud related to card 
operations mainly results from theft of card information at retailers and other points of sale. Swedbank 
may need to compensate customers for their losses unless the customer has been grossly negligent. 
The number of cyber-attacks against the financial industry has increased. During 2022, Swedbank’s 
external cyber-attack threat level was assessed as elevated and Swedbank experienced denial of 
service attempts against its infrastructure on a reoccurring basis.  
The Group continues to face the risk of security breaches and unexpected disruptions to its systems 
and services. Such security breaches and unexpected disruptions could in turn result in liability to the 
Group’s customers and third parties and have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, reputation, 
financial condition and operations. 
2.2.5 
Risks relating to changes in accounting and reporting standards. 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”), the EU and other 
regulatory bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation 
of the Group’s financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact 
how the Group records and reports its results of operations and financial condition, and impact its 
capital and eligible liability levels. In June 2020, IASB decided to defer the effective date of IFRS 17 
Insurance Contracts to January 1, 2023. IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts was approved by the EU in 
November 2021 and is applicable from January 1, 2023, with transition date January 1, 2022. IFRS 
17 replaces IFRS 4 Insurance contracts and sets out the principles for recognition, presentation, 
measurement and disclosure of insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts. The key 
differences between IFRS 17 and IFRS 4 relate to revenue recognition and liability valuation. Under 
IFRS 4, entities were free to derive their own interpretations of revenue recognition and calculation of 
reserves, while IFRS 17 introduces a measurement model with consistent definitions for cash flows 
within contract boundaries, discount rates, risk adjustment for non-financial risks and contractual

--- Page 30 ---
18 
 
 
service margins. From January 1, 2023, the Group will present information from 2022 in line with IFRS 
17 and not IFRS 4.  
As a consequence of changes in accounting and reporting standards, the Group may need to obtain 
additional capital and eligible liabilities in the future and may not be able to obtain new equity capital 
or debt financing qualifying as regulatory capital or eligible liabilities on attractive terms, or at all. The 
Group may need to sell assets and these sales could be at distressed prices, to the extent that a 
market exists, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
2.2.6 
Substantially all of the Group’s retail mortgage portfolio comprises the cover pool for the 
covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage. 
As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of the Group’s Swedish retail mortgage portfolio was in the 
cover pool of Swedbank’s wholly owned subsidiary, Swedbank Mortgage. The retail mortgages issued 
by Swedbank Mortgage comprise the cover pool and thereby serve as security for holders of the 
covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage and for counterparties under derivatives contracts 
entered into for hedging purposes in relation to such covered bonds. These mortgages do not form 
part of the general assets of Swedbank that would be available to Noteholders in the case of 
insolvency or liquidation of Swedbank. The Group intends to cover a significant part of its long term 
funding requirement through the additional issuance of covered bonds, which will be secured by future 
retail mortgages issued by Swedbank Mortgage. As of December 31, 2022, the Group had 
SEK 343,283 million of covered bonds outstanding. The Notes are unsecured obligations of 
Swedbank, and Holders are structurally subordinated to the covered bondholders and hedge 
counterparties with respect to the covered bonds. Holders are not likely to ever have access to the 
cover pool securing the covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage and the related derivatives if 
Swedbank should become insolvent or be liquidated. 
2.2.7 
The Group may be required to reassess assumptions used in the calculation of defined benefit 
pension schemes and to make further contributions to its pension schemes if the value of the 
plan assets is not sufficient to cover potential liabilities. 
Nearly all employees hired in the Swedish part of the Group before 2013 are covered by the BTP2 
defined benefit pension plan, which is a multi-employer occupational pension for Swedish banks. The 
Group is subject to the risk that the liabilities of the Group’s various defined benefit pension schemes, 
which are long-term in nature, will be higher than the liabilities projected based on current 
assumptions. Major assumptions include those pertaining to salary increases, mortality, discount rates 
and inflation. Risk also arises from the plan assets because the value of these asset portfolios and the 
returns from them may be less than expected, especially if equity prices, interest rates, counterparty 
risk (including sovereigns) or inflation are subject to significant changes. Actual outcome might also 
differ from current assumptions. These changes or differences, as expressed by an actuarial loss, 
could be significant and could have a negative impact on the Group’s results of operations. 
The Group makes contributions to the pension schemes so that the plan assets cover obligations in 
accordance with Swedish legal requirements. If a deficit arises the Group could be obliged to, or may 
choose to, make additional contributions to the schemes. Swedbank’s fair value of plan assets 
exceeded the obligations for funded defined benefit pension plans. In total, the fair value of plan assets 
exceeded the obligation for funded defined benefit pension plans by SEK 2.4 billion at the end of 2022, 
as compared to a pension liability of SEK 1.8 billion at the end of 2021. The rules in IAS 19 regarding 
defined benefit pension plans could create volatility in the estimated pension liability and thus in 
Swedbank’s equity through other comprehensive income. See “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Basel III.”

--- Page 31 ---
19 
 
 
2.2.8 
Litigation arising from the Group’s business conduct could have an adverse impact on its 
performance and position. 
Entities within the Group could be involved from time to time in legal proceedings or be subject to 
investigations arising from the conduct of their business. The reputational and aggregate potential 
liability in respect thereof cannot be accurately assessed. Any material legal proceedings or 
investigations, or publicity surrounding such legal or regulatory proceedings, could adversely impact 
the Group’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, 
please see “—Risks Relating to Internal Control and Compliance—The Group is exposed to money 
laundering, terrorist financing and financial sanctions risks, and has been and is still subject to 
investigations by certain authorities into allegations that the Group may have processed money 
laundering transactions and may have violated OFAC sanctions” and “Swedbank—Legal 
Proceedings.” 
2.2.9 
In order to successfully compete, the Group depends on the recruitment and retention of highly 
skilled individuals. 
The Group’s performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. 
The Group’s continued ability to compete effectively in its businesses depends on the Group’s ability 
to attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. Competition from within 
the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry for qualified 
employees is intense. In addition, current and future laws, including laws relating to immigration and 
outsourcing, and remuneration restrictions under CRD, may restrict the Group’s ability to move 
responsibilities or personnel from one jurisdiction to another or to offer competitive compensation to 
attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. The need for increased cost 
efficiency could also result in lower wage increases in coming years, which may also impact the 
Group’s ability to retain or recruit employees. This may impact the Group’s ability to take advantage 
of business opportunities, potential efficiencies, or profitably manage its existing or new assets. 
Swedbank has recently experienced changes within the Group, including in the composition of its 
Group Executive Committee. For further details, see “Management – Group Executive Committee”.  
Prolonged changes in management may lead to a decline in employee morale or employee 
engagement and may result in increased employee turnover. Employee competence and dedication 
to customer service impacts the Group's customers’ experience and contributes to customer value. 
Employees have a high workload and the Group requires complex planning of resources, with a need 
to prioritise both business-driven development and regulatory-driven development while 
simultaneously managing day-to-day operations. Increased staff-related risks could materially 
adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.2.10 Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets could have a negative effect on the Group’s 
results of operations 
Swedbank performs impairment tests on goodwill and other intangible assets at least once per year 
or whenever there are indications of a decrease in the value of goodwill or other intangible assets. The 
outcome of any impairment test model depends, among other things, on key input data on 
macroeconomic factors and long-term growth assumptions.  
The Group’s goodwill amounted to SEK 13,774 million as of December 31, 2022, of which SEK 11,257 
million related to the investment in the Baltic banking operations. 
Should economic conditions worsen beyond the Group’s expectations, or should there be a change in 
regulatory conditions affecting the Group’s assets, either in any of the Group’s home markets or in

--- Page 32 ---
20 
 
 
general, an impairment charge relating to goodwill and other intangible assets may need to be 
recognised, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial 
condition results of operations. For additional information see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Impairment of Intangible Assets.”   
2.3 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Business Activities and Industry 
2.3.1 
Swedish households have high levels of household debt and may be exposed to a risk of a 
decrease in housing prices. Regulatory responses to these concerns also pose risks for the 
Group. 
A significant portion of the Group’s profit is generated by Swedbank Mortgage. Swedbank Mortgage’s 
credit risks arise primarily in its lending to the public, consisting of private individuals, tenant-owner 
associations and the agriculture and forestry and property management sectors. As of December 31, 
2022, 82 per cent of Swedbank Mortgage’s credit portfolio consisted of lending to private individuals 
and was secured by single-family homes and tenant-owned rights. 13 per cent consists of lending to 
residential and commercial real estate properties (mainly owned by tenant-owner associations and 
property management companies). 
In the years leading up to 2022 in Sweden, low interest rates (with real interest rates on mortgages in 
Sweden decreasing from 8.5 per cent to -0.4 per cent. between 1995 and 2021), historically low 
inflation, higher housing prices and increased disposable household income led to strong growth in 
demand for loans, especially in the residential mortgage market. However, in 2022, high inflation and 
increased market interest rates significantly changed conditions in the housing market. Inflation is 
expected to continue to rise, peaking in early 2023, but volatile energy prices have made forecasts 
more uncertain. In 2022, the Riksbank raised its key interest rate several times, most recently in 
February 2023, to 3.0 per cent. While during COVID-19, from 2020 to 2021, the increase in housing 
prices accelerated with housing prices rising by 23 per cent., after a peak in February 2022 housing 
prices have fallen considerably. In annual terms, housing prices decreased by 12 per cent. in 
December 2022 as compared to December 2021 according to the Valueguard price index. Houses 
exhibited the largest price decrease by 12 per cent. compared to flats, which experienced a 9 per cent 
decrease in December 2022 as compared to December 2021.  
In addition to these trends, a significant risk facing the Swedish economy is the level of household 
debt, which has reached historically high levels, with Sweden’s estimated household debt-to-
disposable income ratio at 200.1 per cent. at mid-year 2022, according to the SFSA in November 
2022. Household debt build-up continues to grow but at a slower pace. Lending to households has 
increased by an average of 5.7 per cent. on an annualised basis from January to November 2022, 
mainly driven by mortgage loans. But the growth rate decelerated in the second half of 2022. In 
December 2022, the annual lending growth to households was 3.5 per cent., the lowest growth rate 
since 2006. 
In 2021, a shortage of housing, low interest rates and higher house prices led to a rapid increase in 
the volume of home lending, which slowed in 2022 due to inflationary pressures and the tightening of 
monetary policy. As of December 2022, 46.9 per cent. of the household total mortgage stock in 
Sweden had a floating interest rate (with adjustments more frequently than annually), which means 
nearly half of Swedish households were exposed to increases in interest rates and higher debt service 
costs. In turn, significant portions of heavily indebted households have experienced diminished 
purchasing power, which has played a key role in the recent drop in Swedish housing prices. If interest 
rates continue to increase, a portion of Swedish households may no longer be able to afford their 
mortgage payments or new households may be deterred from entering the mortgage market, which 
could in turn lead to a further decrease in housing prices. In addition, households may owe more on 
their houses than their property is worth, which may increase default rates among Swedish borrowers.

--- Page 33 ---
21 
 
 
As the Group, through Swedbank Mortgage, is one of Sweden’s leading mortgage lenders with a 
market share of 22 per cent. as of December 31, 2022,1 any increase in default rates whether due to 
a decrease in housing prices or otherwise could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Additionally, due to the historically high household indebtedness levels, continued decreases in 
housing prices, or increases in interest rates may cause a significant decrease in household incomes, 
net assets and/or wealth and consumption, which would in turn have an effect on the broader 
economy.  
Successive Swedish governments have implemented policies to attempt to mitigate these risks and 
secure financial stability. In response to the current market trends, the Swedish government is 
expected to provide support of approximately SEK 55 billion for high-cost protection schemes for 
energy expenses for households and companies. For example, electricity subsidies to households and 
businesses have been delayed and on February 20, 2023, support will be paid to households in 
southern Sweden. The government has also promised support to households in northern Sweden, 
though it remains uncertain when companies will receive support as conditions have changed 
compared to when support was previously promised. The government has also reduced fuel tax and 
has proposed extending the possibility for companies to receive temporary tax deferrals. As a whole, 
the government's aim is to give companies and households the ability to get through a temporary 
difficult period of liquidity shortages.  
However, such measures may be inadequate or have unpredictable consequences. The potential for 
household mortgage defaults and increased corporate bankruptcies, in addition to the risk that more 
companies will have liquidity problems due to high cost increases, remains a credit risk for Swedish 
banks such as Swedbank, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and 
financial condition results of operations. The Central Bank of Sweden has during several years 
expressed concern about the housing market and the increase in household lending and has asked 
for additional macro prudential tools, such as decreased interest deduction, debt ratio of disposable 
income and lower mortgage share with flexible interest rates. While discussions about reductions in 
interest deductibility have intensified, political consensus on this matter has not been reached. If such 
macro prudential tools are implemented and prove to be too stringent, this could have a negative 
impact both on Swedish growth and on the real estate market. The rapid rise in interest rates in 2022 
and falling house prices have led to discussion, not least among politicians, about easing the 
amortisation requirements as was done during the pandemic. 
2.3.2 
The Group’s business is sensitive to changes in interest rates and to changes in the 
competitive environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits. 
The Group is subject to risks typical of banking activities, including interest rate fluctuations. Changes 
in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Group’s lending and deposit spreads. 
The Group is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on deposits 
or its wholesale funding costs, and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers and other 
banks. Not being able to re-price the Group’s assets and liabilities at the same time gives rise to re-
pricing gaps in the short or medium term. In situations with a low or negative interest rate environment 
the Group may not be able to lower its funding costs, in line with decreases in interest rates on its 
interest-bearing assets. Due to regulations, the Group is also required to maintain a liquidity buffer, 
mainly consisting of central bank assets, that is also sensitive to changes in interest rates. 
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors over which the Group has no control, including fiscal and 
monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political 
                                                     
1 
Statistics Sweden (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), www.scb.se.

--- Page 34 ---
22 
 
 
conditions. An increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to 
an increase in defaults by the Group’s customers. During the interest increase in 2022, the Swedish 
mortgage market saw a decrease in lending growth, due to the decline in economic activity and 
uncertainty in the housing market. Conversely, a reduction in interest rates could adversely affect the 
Group through, among other things, a decrease in demand for deposits and an increase in competition 
in deposit-taking and lending to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or volatility 
in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of 
operations of the Group. It is difficult to predict changes in economic or market conditions and to 
anticipate the effects that such changes could have on the Group’s financial performance and results 
of operations. The Group does not hedge all its risk exposure and cannot assure that its hedging 
strategies will be effective. If the Group is unable to adjust the interest rate payable on deposits in line 
with the changes in market interest rates receivable by it on loans, or if the Group’s monitoring 
procedures are unable to manage adequately the interest rate risk, its interest income could rise less 
or decline more than its interest expense, in which case the Group’s results of operations and financial 
condition or prospects could be negatively affected. The Swedish mortgage market experienced a 
decrease in lending growth as a result of housing market and economic activity, any such decrease in 
lending could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial condition results 
of operations.  
2.3.3 
The Group is exposed to systemic risk and its business, profitability and liquidity may be 
adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults by, entities who owe the 
Group money, securities or other assets or whose securities or obligations the Group holds. 
Given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the Group is, and will continue 
to be, subject to the risk of deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived 
soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial services industry, concerns about, or a 
default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other 
institutions, because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions may be 
closely interrelated as a result of their credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. 
The Group is exposed to the risk that entities owing the Group money, securities or other assets will 
not perform their obligations. These entities may default on their obligations to the Group due to 
bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. The Group is also subject to the risk 
that its rights against these entities may not be enforceable in all circumstances. For example, different 
methods of holding collateral in different countries can affect the Group’s exposures as well as the 
value of the collateral to the Group. In addition, deterioration in the credit quality of securities or 
obligations held by the Group could result in losses and/or adversely affect its ability to transfer or 
realise value from those securities or obligations in the event of liquidation. A significant downgrade in 
the credit ratings of the Group’s counterparties could also have a negative impact on the Group’s 
results. While in many cases the Group is permitted to require additional collateral from counterparties 
that experience financial difficulty or when collateral value decreases, disputes may arise as to the 
amount of collateral the Group is entitled to receive and the value of the counterparty’s pledged assets. 
The termination of contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject the Group to claims 
asserting improper exercise of contractual rights. Bankruptcies, downgrades and disputes with 
counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase in times of market stress and illiquidity. 
Rapid changes in prices on the financial markets may cause the Group’s exposure to such 
counterparties to increase, and in some of those cases the actual value of the Group’s collateral is 
lower than it was when the agreement was entered into. The Group may not be able to retain the value 
of its collateral due to legal concerns and to the ability of the Group to manage real estate property 
and other assets. 
Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty could lead to 
market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Group or by other institutions. This risk is

--- Page 35 ---
23 
 
 
sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and could adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as 
clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom certain of the 
Group’s subsidiaries interact on a daily basis. Systemic risk could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s ability to raise new funding and on its business, financial condition, results of operations, 
liquidity and/or prospects. 
2.3.4 
Market fluctuations and volatility may adversely affect the value of the Group’s positions, 
reduce its business activities and make it more difficult to assess the fair value of certain of its 
assets. 
In the event of dislocation of financial markets, the fair value of certain of the Group’s assets may 
decline significantly, causing the Group to record mark-to-market losses. The fair value may also 
fluctuate over short periods of time. In addition, these market conditions may affect the availability of 
observable market data. As a result, the Group’s estimates of fair value may differ materially both from 
similar estimates made by other financial institutions and from the values that would have been used 
if a market for these assets had been readily available.  
The fair value of interest-bearing securities trading in active markets is ordinarily based on market 
prices (mark-to-market). However, where quoted prices on instruments are not readily and regularly 
available, as was the case in particular during autumn 2008, due in part to the dislocation of the global 
financial markets, fair value is estimated using internal valuation models (mark-to-model). These 
models are generally based on observable market data, meaning the prices of financial instruments 
that are as similar in nature as possible to the instrument being valued and for which quotes are 
available in the market. These values are then adjusted to best reflect the value of the Group’s 
securities. 
Market fluctuations, particularly fluctuations in the equity market, also influence the value of assets in 
funds managed by the Group’s asset management business and have a direct impact on the income 
volatility of the asset management activities. 
The Group’s level of fees and returns from its equity investments in its insurance subsidiaries are 
impacted by any decrease in the value of their investment portfolios, poor investment returns and the 
requirement to maintain assets sufficient to cover mandatory provisions for insurance claims. 
2.3.5 
The Group operates in competitive markets and further increased competition may have an 
adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to significant competition in the markets in which it operates. Competition may 
increase in some or all of the Group’s markets as a result of legislative, regulatory, technological or 
other factors. Increased competition or a decline in customer satisfaction could cause the Group to 
lose business or compel it to price products and services on less advantageous terms, or otherwise 
have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Competition in the Swedish mortgage market, one of the Group’s core areas, has increased in recent 
years and has had and may continue to have a negative effect on the Group’s margins in the future. 
Digitisation continues at a brisk pace and customers are increasingly banking through digital channels 
rather than visiting a branch, which is placing higher demands on the stability of IT systems and on 
the banking sector to adapt products and distribution channels. In addition, increased competitor 
participation in the financial sector generally in the Group’s principal markets may have an impact on 
the competitive landscape in such markets and on the way in which banks in those markets conduct 
their operations. At present, it is difficult to predict what the effects of this increased competitor 
participation will be or how it will differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, should it materialise. However, 
the Group expects that in order to remain competitive, it will need to continuously improve customer 
offerings and cost efficiency to produce increased customer value. The Group may experience

--- Page 36 ---
24 
 
 
stronger competition and greater pressure on profit margins. These and other changes in the 
competitive landscape could adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations, liquidity, markets and/or prospects. Increased competition in digital channels requires the 
Group to continuously improve and increase the amount of digitally available services it offers its 
customers. This could lead to increased resilience risk as well as increased fraud and personal data 
protection risk as organized crime tends to exploit digital channels for fraudulent purposes.  
2.3.6 
Actions or inactions of savings banks which are parties to co-operation agreements with the 
Group may have a negative impact on the Group. 
In the normal course of business, the Group enters into various commercial agreements with 
companies related to the banking industry. The Swedish part of the Group has co-operation 
agreements with Swedish savings banks, pursuant to which the co-operating banks market and 
distribute a range of the Group’s products and services through their own local branch networks. If the 
reputation or financial condition of one or more of the co-operating banks, through action or inaction, 
were to be adversely affected while operating under the Group’s trademark, the Group’s reputation 
could also be adversely affected regardless of whether the Group contributed to the action or inaction 
causing such reputational or financial injury, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.3.7 
The Group is exposed to climate change related risks. 
The risks associated with climate change may impact Swedbank’s customers and their financial 
stability which may result in financial losses and/or reputational damages for Swedbank. Physical 
climate risks arising from extreme weather events or chronic climate changes may lead to damages 
on property or disruptions in supply chains which may negatively impact customers’ asset values and 
financial situation, which could negatively impact the quality of Swedbank’s credit portfolio. The 
transition to a low-carbon economy, driven by policy, technological or market changes, and necessary 
to mitigate physical risks, may itself have negative impact on Swedbank’s customers. Notably, 
customers in high-emission sectors risk demands for rapid changes which may lead to stranded assets 
and pressure on business models and earnings potential. The possible negative impacts on customers 
from both physical and transition climate risks may lead to decreased collateral values and increased 
default rates and credit impairments for Swedbank. Swedbank classifies the following four industry 
groups as the most exposed to climate change risks: (i) energy, (ii) transportation, (iii) materials & 
building including real estate and (iv) agriculture, food, and forestry products. Swedbank's loans gross 
carrying amount to these four industry groups was approximately 31 per cent. as of December 31, 
2022.  
Significant climate-related and environmental related regulations for banks were issued in 2020 and 
further regulations are expected. The two most important guidelines launched in 2020 are the 
European Central Bank (“ECB”) Guide on climate-related and environmental risks” and the ‘EBA 
guidelines on loan origination and monitoring’. The denominator of the guidelines is the focus on ESG. 
It is expected that the ECB will require banks to adopt a full end-to-end approach of climate-related 
and environmental risks embedded across every aspect of the bank. Failure to adequately embed 
risks associated with climate change into its risk framework to appropriately measure, manage and 
disclose the various financial and operational risks it faces as a result of climate change, or failure to 
adapt its strategy and business model to the changing regulatory requirements and market 
expectations on a timely basis, may have a material and adverse impact on the Swedbank’s trading 
performance, financial condition, competitiveness, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 37 ---
25 
 
 
2.4 
Risks Relating to Internal Control and Compliance 
2.4.1 
The Group is exposed to money laundering, terrorist financing and financial sanctions risks, 
and has been and is still subject to investigations by certain authorities into allegations that 
the Group may have processed money laundering transactions and may have violated OFAC 
sanctions. 
The Group is subject to anti-money laundering, terrorist financing and sanctions laws and regulations. 
These laws and regulations are continually evolving, and compliance by the Group may be time 
consuming and require the Group to incur significant costs. In particular, in recent years, regulators 
and other authorities have steadily increased their demands and expectations regarding financial 
institutions’ ability to counter money laundering and terrorist financing.  
Violations of anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including in connection with the allegations 
and investigations discussed below, may have significant financial, legal and reputational 
consequences for the Group and may, as a result, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group has been under investigation by the SFSA, the EFSA and is still under investigation by the 
Estonian state prosecutor’s office and U.S. authorities due to allegations that customers who may 
have been involved in money laundering transferred significant sums of money through the Group’s 
Baltic subsidiaries. 
On March 19, 2020, the SFSA concluded that, during the period 2015 to the first quarter of 2019, 
Swedbank had large deficiencies in its governance of anti-money laundering measures in its Baltic 
subsidiaries. The SFSA also found that Swedbank had deficiencies in its Swedish Banking operations, 
and therefore has not met anti-money laundering requirements in its Swedish operations and that it 
did not sufficiently address the risk of money laundering in the Baltics. In addition, the SFSA noted 
that in their opinion, in some instances, Swedbank withheld documentation and information and, in 
one case, in March 2019, Swedbank also provided the SFSA with false information. The SFSA issued 
a warning to Swedbank and imposed an administrative fine of SEK 4 billion, which Swedbank charged 
as an expense in the first quarter of 2020, for both the investigation regarding Swedish Banking anti-
money laundering and counter-terrorist financing processes, initiated in 2018 and the investigation 
regarding Swedbank’s internal control and governance of anti-money laundering measures in the 
Baltic operations, initiated in 2019. 
On the same day, the EFSA concluded that the Estonian subsidiary had severe deficiencies in its anti-
money laundering risk control systems and Swedbank failed to meet its anti-money laundering 
requirements. The EFSA issued a precept requiring the Estonian subsidiary to take comprehensive 
measures to properly understand and mitigate past and current risks, in addition it must review and 
amend its organisational framework to more effectively manage risks. On November 19, 2020, 
Swedbank AS submitted a final report describing the actions taken to comply with the EFSA precept. 
On January 28, 2021, the EFSA determined that the activities of Swedbank AS and the evidence 
presented in the final report were adequate and that the matter did not require additional remarks. The 
EFSA is expected to follow up with implementation activities as part of its regular supervisory 
inspections. The issue of whether money laundering or other criminal acts took place in the Group is 
still being investigated by the Estonian Prosecutor’s Office. Swedbank has not received any 
notification so far that it is under suspicion, but has been cooperating and providing requested 
materials. If the Estonian Prosecutor’s Office finds evidence of money laundering or other criminal 
acts, it could charge individuals or Swedbank’s Estonian subsidiary with criminal liability, which could 
include imprisonment for convicted individuals or a fine of up to EUR 16 million per conviction, though 
Swedbank does not have any information as to whether the Estonian subsidiary will be treated as a 
suspect in this case.

--- Page 38 ---
26 
 
 
On March 14, 2022, Swedbank AS, an Estonian subsidiary of the Group, was notified by the Estonian 
Central Criminal Police’s special investigator of white-collar crime (the “Estonian Special Investigator”) 
that Swedbank AS was summoned as a suspect in a criminal investigation. On March 24, 2022, the 
Estonian Special Investigator informed Swedbank AS that it was suspected of money laundering 
during the period 2014 to 2016. Any additional fines or sanctions imposed on the Group could have 
an adverse impact on the Group’s business operations or reputation.  
In addition to the investigations regarding anti-money laundering controls, U.S. authorities, including 
the Department of Justice (“DOJ”), the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), OFAC and the 
New York Department of Financial Services (“DFS”), continue to investigate Swedbank’s historical 
anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing work and historical information disclosures.  
These investigations are ongoing and Swedbank has been holding individual discussions with the 
relevant authorities through its U.S. legal advisors. As the investigations are at different stages, 
Swedbank cannot determine at this time when the investigations will be completed, however, 
Swedbank has made a provision of SEK 40 million for potential financial impacts related to OFAC’s 
investigation. 
On March 11, 2020, Swedbank notified OFAC of 586 (which figure was corrected to 540 in December 
2020) transactions by the Baltic subsidiaries, amounting to approximately USD 4.8 million (which figure 
was corrected to USD 4.5 million in December 2020), that constitute potential sanctions violations 
(based on the OFAC country-based sanctions list). On August 26, 2022, Swedbank made a full 
voluntary disclosure to OFAC regarding goods of Iranian origin related to transactions from 2017 and 
2018. OFAC penalties generally can include significant fines (USD 250,000 or twice the amount of 
each underlying transaction up to USD 1,075,000 per violation) and potential jail time for culpable 
individuals. 
In addition, on September 18, 2020, Swedbank received notification from the SFSA that it was 
investigating Swedbank for suspected historical breaches of the regulation on market abuse (“MAR”). 
The investigation encompasses the period from September 20, 2018 to February 20, 2019 and 
pertains to disclosure of insider information and the obligation to establish an insider list (Articles 17 
and 18) in connection with the disclosure of suspected money laundering within Swedbank. During 
the second quarter of 2021, Swedbank was in dialogue with the SFSA and provided it with additional 
information. On October 26, 2021, the SFSA notified Swedbank that it closed its investigation with no 
comment. 
In May 2021, the Nasdaq Stockholm Disciplinary Committee ordered Swedbank to pay a fine 
corresponding to twelve times the annual fee, or a total of SEK 46.6 million, in relation to historical 
shortcomings occurring during the period December 2016 to February 2019. 
The Swedish Economic Crime Authority (“EBM”) concluded its investigation, which began in 2019, 
and the prosecutor’s office filed charges against the former CEO of Swedbank on January 4, 2022. 
On January 25, 2023, the former CEO was acquitted of all charges. On February 15, 2023, the Chief 
Prosecutor and Deputy Chief Prosecutor decided to appeal the Stockholm District Court's acquittal 
verdict from January 25, 2023. The case will be tried by the Court of Appeals. The EBM has not filed 
any charges against Swedbank. 
On November 25, 2021, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (“DFSA”), as part of its regular 
supervision, announced that Swedbank’s Danish branch must adapt its internal anti-money laundering 
and counter-terrorism financing routines and processes to fully comply with local regulations. 
Swedbank is currently adapting its processes and routines in Denmark in accordance with the DFSA’s 
decision.

--- Page 39 ---
27 
 
 
There can be no assurance that other authorities will not take similar actions against the Group, 
including the imposition of fines which may be significant and have an adverse effect on the Group's 
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there can be no assurance that further 
information regarding allegations of violations or actual findings of violations will not arise as a result 
of investigations that are either ongoing or concluded. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Swedbank is not aware of when the investigations by other authorities may be concluded, or whether 
any additional sanctions or penalties may be imposed. For further details, please see “Swedbank—
Legal Proceedings.” 
The Group’s external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (“PwC”), also reviewed administration of 
the Board of Directors and the Managing Directors for the financial year 2019. PwC recommended 
that the shareholders not discharge the former CEO from liability based on the fact that the outcome 
of the various investigations is uncertain. As the Group may be subject to corporate fines or significant 
sanctions, PwC could not exclude the potential harm derived from the former CEO’s actions. The 
Board of Directors of Swedbank has decided not to file claims for damages against its former Chairs 
and CEO for the time they were employed in the fiscal year 2019. However, the Board decided in 2020 
to cancel the severance agreement with the former CEO. For further details, please see “Swedbank—
Legal Proceedings.” 
In February 2019, the Group hired an external law firm, Clifford Chance LLP, to lead an internal 
investigation to identify historical deficiencies in Swedbank’s anti-money laundering systems and 
controls from January 2007 through March 2019 and an assessment of potential non-compliance by 
Swedbank’s Baltic subsidiaries or their customers with OFAC sanctions regulations. On March 23, 
2020, the Group announced the findings of the investigation, which have been published in a detailed 
report by Clifford Chance LLP on the investigation and its principal findings, and are summarized under 
“Swedbank—Legal Proceedings—Clifford Chance Investigation.” In respect of the investigation of the 
Group’s anti-money laundering systems and controls, Clifford Chance LLP concluded that the Group, 
throughout the period from January 2007 to March 2019 and to varying degrees across LC&I, Swedish 
Banking and Baltic Banking, had inadequate systems and controls to ensure proper management of 
anti-money laundering and economic sanctions risks from its customer base, thus exposing Swedbank 
and its Baltic subsidiaries to significant anti-money laundering and sanctions risk. The risk was most 
prevalent in the Baltic subsidiaries, primarily in Estonia from its high risk non-resident business. The 
investigation also found that Swedbank’s senior management historically failed to establish clear lines 
of anti-money laundering responsibilities, particularly as between the business and the Group’s 
compliance function.  
There can be no assurance that Swedbank’s Group-wide anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist 
financing and sanctions compliance policies and procedures will effectively prevent instances of 
money laundering or terrorism financing or breaches of applicable sanctions. Violations of anti-money 
laundering or counter terrorist financing or sanction rules, including in connection with the allegations 
and investigations discussed above, may have severe financial, legal and reputational consequences 
for the Group. The Group has experienced a decline in customer satisfaction and trust in relation to 
reputational harm related to these investigations. If the Group is unable to successfully combat this, it 
may, as a result, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations. 
2.4.2 
The Group’s guidelines and policies for risk management may prove to be inadequate with 
respect to unidentified and unforeseen risks. 
The management of business, regulatory and legal risks requires guidelines and policies for the 
accurate registration and control of a large number of transactions and events. Such guidelines and 
policies may not always be adequate. Some methods used by the Group to estimate, measure and 
manage risk are based on historical market behaviour. The methods may prove to be inadequate for

--- Page 40 ---
28 
 
 
predicting future risk exposure, which may differ from what is suggested by prior experience. Other 
methods for risk management are based on evaluation of information regarding markets, customers 
or other information that is publicly known or otherwise available to the Group. Such information has 
not always been, and may not always be, correct, updated or correctly evaluated and may be 
inadequate for the purpose of risk management. If any gaps in risk management exist, the Group may 
make decisions based on faulty information, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.4.3 
Conflicts of interest, whether actual or perceived, and non-compliance or fraudulent acts may 
negatively impact the Group. 
As the Group expands the scope of its businesses and its client base, the Group increasingly is 
required to implement policies on corporate governance on a Group-wide level and address potential 
conflicts of interest and compliance with applicable laws. However, appropriately identifying and 
dealing with conflicts of interest is complex, in part because internal breaches of a policy can be difficult 
to discover. The Group is also subject to the potential risk of employee fraud. 
The Group’s reputation could be damaged and there may be a reluctance on the part of clients to 
enter into transactions where there is the possibility of a conflict of interest, or if the Group is seen as 
failing to identify, or deal appropriately with, conflicts of interest or employee fraud.  
There is no assurance that the policies the Group has regarding conflicts of interest will prevent all 
instances of actual or perceived conflicts of interest. Any actual or perceived conflicts of interest or 
fraud, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation and may, as a result, have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
2.5 
Risks Relating to Macro-economic and Political Events 
2.5.1 
The Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected 
by uncertainties about the strength of the Eurozone and other geopolitical risks. 
EU member states and public finances in Europe face many challenges, including those related to 
demographic and political trends. On February 24, 2022, Russia initiated military operations in 
Ukraine. The United States, the United Kingdom and the EU have implemented substantial economic 
sanctions against Russia, which are expected to have substantial impacts on energy prices, energy 
supply, and potentially the functioning of the banking system in Europe. These effects, in turn, may 
lead to changes in economic or regulatory policy. All of the foregoing developments may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Other geopolitical events, such as deteriorating trade relations, could result in volatility in oil prices 
and in turn negatively impact the global economy. In turn, sluggish global growth and declining world 
trade could have a dampening impact on Swedish export industries. For example, credit impairments 
increased in 2022, mainly due to increased provisions driven by the deteriorating macroeconomic 
outlook. In 2022, inflation rose sharply, reaching 10.2 per cent. in December, the highest level since 
1991. Initially, rising global energy prices due to the war in Ukraine drove up inflation, but has since 
spread to other goods and services. The Riksbank raised its key interest rate from 0.5 per cent. in 
early 2022 to 2.5 per cent. in November 2022. High inflation and rising interest rates have markedly 
worsened household purchasing power. The average interest rate on household loans was 3.43 per 
cent. in November according to Statistics of Sweden, more than doubled compared to November 2021 
and the highest level since 2012. 
As a result of the various global macroeconomic trends, such as uneven growth, the Group may 
experience reductions in business activity, increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, decreased

--- Page 41 ---
29 
 
 
access to the wholesale funding markets, decreased asset values, additional credit impairment losses 
and lower profitability and income, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
For further detail, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations — Global Overview and Other Macroeconomic Factors.” 
2.5.2 
The global coronavirus pandemic and the Russian invasion of Ukraine have led to significant 
volatility in financial, commodity and other markets and could harm the business and results 
of operations of the Group.  
An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (“COVID-19”), which first emerged in China in late 
December 2019, spread to other parts of the world including Sweden. In March 2020, the World Health 
Organisation declared COVID-19 to be a pandemic. During the beginning of the pandemic in Spring 
2020, a sharp decline in consumption and travel and disruption in global supply chains occurred, 
which, in combination with general uncertainty regarding the evolution and resolution of the pandemic, 
resulted in significant volatility in financial, commodity and other markets and substantial harm to the 
global economy. In addition, measures by various governments to reduce the spread of COVID-19 led 
to a sharp decline in economic activity, resulting in the closure of a number of companies and rising 
unemployment. However, comprehensive stimulus measures introduced at the beginning of the 
pandemic and central bank monetary policies contributed to the rapid recovery of the global economy 
in 2021 and early 2022. However, prolonged COVID-19 outbreaks and lockdowns in China and a 
resurgence of COVID-19 in other parts of the world may stunt global growth.  
In Sweden, the pandemic, as well as restrictions imposed by government authorities, had the largest 
impact on GDP in the second quarter of 2020, resulting in an 8.6 per cent. contraction. By the third 
quarter of 2020, GDP rebounded strongly by 4.3 per cent. compared with the previous quarter, driven 
by expansive fiscal and monetary policy and a recovery in global growth, as economies around the 
world began to scale back restrictions and open borders. Overall in 2022, Swedish GDP is expected 
to have increased by 2.7 per cent. according to the National Institute of Economic Research’s in its 
December 2022 forecast. This is significantly lower compared with 2021 when GDP increased by 5.1 
per cent. The labour market has started and is expected to continue to deteriorate in 2023 as 
employment-intensive industries such as retail and construction are affected by high interest rates and 
weaker private consumption due to the high inflation. The Baltics have also been impacted by the 
pandemic but the economic impact there has been less severe than in the rest of the Eurozone. In 
2022, COVID-19’s impact on the Baltics’ economy has been limited, although growth has been 
negatively affected by other macroeconomic factors. According to the Swedbank Economic Outlook 
from December 2022, the GDP in Estonia is expected to have decreased by 0.4 per cent. in 2022. In 
Latvia GDP is expected to have increased by 1.6 per cent. in 2022 and Lithuania is expected to have 
increased by 2.4 per cent. during the same period.  
Despite a successful vaccination programme in many countries, the risk to the global economy of 
further virus mutation continues. Inequality in access to vaccines and low vaccination rates among 
countries and regions further complicates the risk of further virus mutations. Due to the spread of delta 
and other variants of COVID-19, particularly in China, disruptions in global trade flows, including port 
closures, led to a shortage of input goods in large parts of the world and negatively impacted growth. 
Strong global growth and a shift to renewable electricity generation have also driven global energy 
prices up, resulting in higher inflation rates than before the pandemic. Another wave of infections due 
to virus mutations could result in a more widespread health crisis, which, in combination with the 
financial consequences for corporations and individuals due to the various pandemic containment 
measures undertaken by governments, including lockdowns, may in turn result in protracted volatility 
in international markets and/or result in a deeper and extended global recession as a consequence of 
disruptions to nearly all economic sectors. The extent of the economic impacts resulting from COVID-

--- Page 42 ---
30 
 
 
19 and other events beyond the Group’s control will depend on future developments and remain highly 
uncertain and cannot be predicted. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Russian invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022 significantly changed the geopolitical situation 
in the Baltic Sea region. The war and Western sanctions on Russian energy exports have pushed 
global inflation to its highest level in decades. It also started the EU's energy crisis, with electricity 
prices reaching record highs across Europe. Due to high inflation, central banks raised interest rates, 
affecting companies and households that are highly indebted. A long-term challenge in most of the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) countries is the general growth 
of government deficits, which have reached record high levels in many OECD countries during the 
COVID-19 pandemic. Increased government debt tends to drive up long-term bond yields. At the same 
time, supply shortages in the global economy have become increasingly apparent and an ongoing 
challenge for the global recovery. These shortages have driven global inflation up, mainly due to higher 
commodity prices.  
This market volatility, if it continues, or the global contraction in economic activity could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s customers and on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The current situation with high energy prices, high inflation and rising interest rates have created 
challenges for both private individuals and corporations and is expected to have a negative impact on 
future credit quality. This is reflected in increased credit impairment provisions for the Group in 2022. 
Due to the high uncertainty regarding future development and the quantitative risk models not yet 
reflecting all potential deteriorations in credit quality, Swedbank has maintained its buffer of post-model 
expert credit adjustments.  
The COVID-19 pandemic, combined with worsening labour market conditions, was expected to have 
an adverse effect on the Swedish housing market and housing prices. However, as reported in the 
Valueguard-KTH Housing Index Sweden, housing prices increased after the outbreak of COVID-19, 
mainly for single-family homes, supported by lower interest rates and increased demand for larger 
living spaces due to the prevalence of remote working arrangements. Temporary amortisation 
suspension during the COVID-19 pandemic, which ended on August 30, 2021, also pushed up housing 
prices according to the SFSA. As of December 31, 2021, the amortisation rules have reverted to the 
requirements pre-pandemic, thereby requiring households with high loan-to-value and debt-to-income 
ratios to amortise their mortgages. Further, house prices in Sweden have now fallen by approximately 
13 per cent. since they peaked in February 2022. The number of property transactions continue to fall, 
and houses are staying on the market for longer than normal. Higher interest rates and a weaker 
labour market could lead to further price decreases. For households that have entered the housing 
market late, the price fall could mean that the value of the property may be lower than the mortgage, 
and thus has a higher loan to value ratio. Global growth continues, but has been impacted by supply 
constraints, which, along with other factors, have driven up inflation and interest rates. Higher inflation 
and interest rates may put pressure on commercial real estate. Reduced securities purchases from 
central banks may also pose an increased challenge for the real estate market if housing prices 
continue to fall further. In Sweden, higher interest rates together with the Riksbank scaling back 
securities purchases has put a halt to the property sector's upswing and resulted in a decrease in 
housing prices. This has, in turn, caused banks’ lending rates and corporate market financing to 
increase, at a time when companies have become increasingly sensitive to interest rate increases with 
increased indebtedness. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 43 ---
31 
 
 
2.5.3 
Worsening economic conditions in the Group’s home markets may adversely impact the 
Group.  
The Group’s performance is significantly influenced by the general economic conditions in the 
countries in which it operates, in particular its home markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, 
and, to a lesser degree, Norway. Economic volatility in the Group’s home markets have varied in the 
past, and this has had a material impact on the Group’s financial business condition and results of 
operations, such as when the Baltics entered recession in 2009 or the current impact of COVID-19.  
Future volatility or downturn in the economies of Group’s home markets could result in increased 
default rates in the Group and/or decreased lending activity which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s financial business condition and results of operations. 
2.5.4 
The Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations have been and may 
continue to be adversely affected by fluctuations in the global financial markets. 
The global capital and credit markets have been characterised by volatility and disruption in recent 
years. As seen during and after the financial crisis in 2008, this resulted in liquidity constraints and 
other problems at many of the world’s largest commercial banks, investment banks and insurance 
companies, a number of which are the Group’s counterparties or customers in the ordinary course of 
its business. These conditions also resulted in a material reduction in the availability of financing, both 
for the Group as well as other financial institutions and their customers. If similar events occur, which 
have similar effects on financial markets, the Group may experience reductions in business activity, 
increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, decreased asset values, additional credit impairment 
losses and lower profitability and income. In addition, the Group may be adversely affected by the 
effects of the recent COVID-19 outbreak, particularly a slowing in global economic activity and 
significant volatility in financial markets. After the pandemic, the world economy has been hit by new 
shocks that have also affected the Swedish economy. Russia's war in Ukraine has tangibly affected 
the geopolitical situation in Europe, including, the Baltic Sea region. The energy crisis, which partly 
stems from the war, has driven up inflation and interest rates. Any of the foregoing factors could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.5.5 
The Group’s business is subject to substantial regulation and supervision and can be 
adversely affected by adverse regulatory, taxation and governmental developments. 
The Group conducts its businesses subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, 
including the effects of changes in the laws, regulations, policies, voluntary codes of practice and 
interpretations in Sweden and the other countries in which the Group operates. This is particularly the 
case in the current market environment, which is experiencing increased levels of government and 
regulatory intervention in the financial sector, which the Group expects to continue for the foreseeable 
future. Swedbank is subject to supervision by the SFSA and to Swedish regulations regarding, among 
other things, capital adequacy, liquidity and solvency (see “Regulatory Considerations”). Certain of the 
Group’s subsidiaries and operations are subject to supervision of other local supervisory authorities. 
In Sweden and elsewhere, there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of financial and mortgage 
institutions. Increased regulatory intervention may lead to requests from regulators to carry out wide 
ranging reviews of past sales and/or sales practices. 
The Group’s activities are also subject to tax at various rates in the jurisdictions in which it operates, 
computed in accordance with local legislation and practice. Revisions to tax legislation, including as a 
result of the so-called “Pillar 2” rules published by the OECD which are designed to ensure large 
multinationals pay a minimum 15 per cent. tax on profits made in each jurisdiction in which they 
operate, may have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition. Also, future changes in 
regulation, fiscal or other policies are unpredictable and beyond the control of the Group and could

--- Page 44 ---
32 
 
 
materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. For 
example, on March 9, 2023, the Lithuanian government proposed a new temporary tax (“Solidarity 
fee”) for Lithuanian banks to be applied for financial years 2023 and 2024. If approved, the tax would 
be calculated based on current year net interest income reduced by the average net interest income 
according to a specific proposed formula. The tax rate is proposed to be 60 per cent.  
The Group’s operations are contingent upon licenses issued by financial authorities in the countries in 
which the Group operates. Violations of rules and regulations, whether intentional or unintentional, 
may lead to the withdrawal of some of the Group’s licenses. Furthermore, any breach of these or other 
regulations may adversely affect the Group’s reputation, business, results of operations or financial 
condition. 
Other regulations that have been implemented recently, including the GDPR, has resulted in new 
demands on operational processes, systems and resources. The Group is unable to predict what 
regulatory changes may be imposed in the future as a result of regulatory initiatives in the EU and 
elsewhere or by the SFSA and other supervisory authorities. If the Group is required to make additional 
provisions or to increase its reserves as a result of potential regulatory changes, this could adversely 
affect the results of operations of the Group. In addition, failure by the Group to comply with regulatory 
requirements could result in significant penalties. 
2.5.6 
The full scope and consequences of new derivatives and other financial regulations are as yet 
unknown and may impose additional regulatory burdens and costs that may affect the value 
of the Notes. 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation 648/2012 (“EMIR”) entered into force in all EU member 
states, including Sweden, on August 16, 2012. EMIR aims to increase stability and transparency in 
European OTC derivatives markets and includes measures to require the clearing of certain OTC 
derivatives contracts through central clearing counterparties, reporting of derivatives and risk 
mitigation techniques (including margin requirements) for uncleared OTC derivative contracts. A 
number of EMIR implementing measures have already been adopted and EMIR was first amended in 
2019 by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/834 (the “EMIR Refit”) and following that, in 2020 by Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2099 (the “EMIR 2.2”) but there may be further changes introduced by way of further 
implementing measures. Prospective investors should be aware that the regulatory changes arising 
from EMIR could significantly increase the cost for Swedbank of entering into or taking any other action 
in relation to derivative contracts and may adversely affect the value and return on the Notes. 
In the United States, passage of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 
2010 (the “Dodd Frank Act”) has led to significant regulatory reforms affecting the financial services 
industry, including non U.S. banks. Among other things, the Dodd Frank Act addresses systemic risk 
oversight, bank capital standards, the orderly liquidation of failing systemically important financial 
institutions, over the counter (“OTC”) derivatives, increases oversight of credit rating agencies and 
regulates the ability of banking entities to engage as principal in proprietary trading activities and 
sponsor and invest in certain private funds (the “Volcker Rule”). The Dodd Frank Act and other post 
financial crisis regulatory reforms in the United States have increased costs, imposed limitations on 
activities, and resulted in an increased intensity in regulatory enforcement.  
In addition, Title VII of the Dodd Frank Act (“Title VII”), as well as other post financial crisis regulatory 
reforms in the United States, have increased costs, imposed limitations on activities and resulted in 
an increased intensity in regulatory enforcement. Title VII established a comprehensive U.S. 
regulatory regime for derivatives, contracts, including swaps, security based swaps and mixed swaps. 
As these requirements have been implemented and continue to go into effect, it is clear that these 
new regulations could adversely affect the value, availability and performance of certain derivatives 
instruments and may result in additional costs and restrictions with respect to the use of those

--- Page 45 ---
33 
 
 
instruments. Swedbank’s use of derivative instruments may be subject to the clearing, capital, margin, 
business conduct, reporting and/or recordkeeping requirements of Title VII or other related regulatory 
reforms, that may result in additional regulatory burdens and related costs and expenses. 
2.5.7 
Governmental responses to market disruptions may be inadequate and may have unintended 
consequences. 
The Group has no control over governmental policy changes or over changes in the interpretation of 
fiscal legislation by any tax authority. Measures taken by various European governments to stimulate 
the economy and support the banking system in the event of another economic downturn may lead to 
an increase in its tax burden or to a reduction in tax benefits. Significant changes in governmental 
policy responses in Sweden or in the other countries where the Group operates, or difficulties in 
implementing such responses or with the type and effectiveness of the impact of such responses, 
could have an adverse impact on the activity, financial situation and operating results of the Group. 
The Group may have to enter into future contractual arrangements by operation of law or necessity 
under which the Swedish government may have the right to take possession over the Group or part 
of it or its assets. In such instance of government takeover, the value of the Group or its assets could 
be considered to be limited and the Group may not receive adequate compensation, which could 
therefore significantly reduce its assets. 
The Group may be adversely affected by governmental responses to market disruptions in the 
countries in which it operates. As one of the biggest lenders in the Nordics and in order to reduce 
macro-risks to the broader economy, the Group is required to hold several Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 capital 
add-ons under the Basel III framework as stipulated by the EU Capital Requirement Regulation 
(“CRR”) and Capital Requirement Directive (“CRD”). 
The capital and liquidity requirements are in place to address macro and micro prudential risks in the 
banking system and are communicated through the supervisory review and evaluation process 
(“SREP”) for each individual bank. This process is carried out by the SFSA, the ECB and the national 
supervisors in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania and provides a regulatory opinion about the viability of a 
bank’s business model, internal governance arrangements, risks to solvency, capital adequacy, 
liquidity risks and liquidity adequacy. Future prudential regulations, for example requiring increased 
capital and liquidity, as discussed in “Regulatory Considerations”, may impact the Group’s profitability.  
2.6 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
2.6.1 
Risks Relating to the Market 
2.6.1.1 The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for 
example, the Notes may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market for the Notes does 
develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should the 
Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial 
discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
and market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes would 
generally have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
34 
 
 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable 
securities laws and they are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfer thereof as 
set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" below. 
2.6.1.2 A lack of liquidity in the secondary market may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
Generally weak global credit market conditions could contribute to a lack of liquidity in the secondary 
market for instruments similar to the Notes. In addition, the recent liquidity crisis has limited the primary 
market for a number of financial products, including instruments similar to the Notes. While some 
measures have been taken by governments, there can be no assurance that the market for securities 
similar to the Notes will recover, either at all or at the same time or to the same degree as any other 
recovering global credit market sectors. 
In addition, the ability of the Dealers and the Arranger to make a market in the Notes may be impacted 
by changes in any regulatory requirements (including as a result of regulatory developments such as 
the SEC’s interpretation of Rule 15c2-11 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and its application to 
debt securities) applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing quotations with respect 
to, the Notes.  
A failure of the market for securities similar to the Notes to recover from these conditions could 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
2.6.1.3 Exchange rates may change and authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or 
no interest or principal. 
2.6.1.4 Adverse effects may occur if the interest rate payable on assets and liabilities for a fixed period do not 
coincide. 
Interest rate risk occurs when the interest rate payable on assets and liabilities for a fixed period do 
not coincide. Investments in Notes with fixed interest involve a risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of fixed interest Notes. Investments in Notes with floating 
interest involve a risk of adverse changes in the interest rate payable on such Notes. 
2.6.1.5 Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
The Senior Preferred Notes are expected to be assigned the following ratings: A+ (Senior Preferred 
Notes with a maturity of more than one year) and A-1 (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of less 
than one year) by Standard & Poor’s; Aa3 (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of more than one

--- Page 47 ---
35 
 
 
year) and P-1 (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of less than one year) by Moody’s; and AA 
(Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of more than one year) and F1+ (Senior Preferred Notes with 
a maturity of less than one year) by Fitch. The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are expected to be 
assigned the following ratings: A- by Standard & Poor’s; Baa1 by Moody’s; and AA- by Fitch. There is 
no guarantee that such ratings will be assigned or maintained or that such credit ratings reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to an investment in the relevant Notes. Rating agencies may change 
their rating methodologies, which could lead to a change in the credit ratings assigned to the relevant 
Notes. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Notes and 
may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. Any such revision, 
suspension or withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the relevant Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-
EEA rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action 
or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings 
issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a 
UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a non-UK credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (i) the relevant UK 
registration or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended; and (ii) 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of non-UK ratings, for a certain 
limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in any secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the front cover 
of this Base Prospectus and under "Ratings" on page 139 of this Base Prospectus and if a Tranche of 
Notes is rated such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
2.6.1.6 Judgments based on the U.S. federal securities laws may not be enforceable in Sweden, and English 
law judgments may not be directly enforceable in Sweden.  
The United States and Sweden do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and 
enforcement of judgments rendered in connection with civil and commercial disputes. As a result, a 
final judgment for the payment of damages based on civil liability rendered by a U.S. court, whether 
or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, may not be enforceable 
in Sweden. If the party in whose favour the final judgment is rendered brings a new suit in a competent 
Swedish court, the party may submit to the Swedish court the final judgment that has been rendered 
by the U.S. court. Such judgment will only be regarded by a Swedish court as evidence of the outcome 
of the dispute to which the judgment relates, and a Swedish court may choose to rehear the dispute 
ab initio.

--- Page 48 ---
36 
 
 
Furthermore, following the end of the transition period for the withdrawal of the UK from the EU on 
December 31, 2020, a judgment rendered against the Issuer in the courts of England would not be 
directly enforceable in Sweden. Instead, proceedings ab initio may have to be commenced against 
the Issuer in the Swedish courts. As a result, there is currently lack of clarity on enforcement of English 
law judgments against the Issuer in Sweden. 
2.6.2 
General Risks Relating to Notes 
2.6.2.1 The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed permit defined majorities to bind all holders 
of the relevant Notes and permit the Trustee to make certain decisions without the consent of the 
holders of the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed contain provisions for convening meetings 
of holders (including by audio or video conference call) of the relevant Notes to consider any matter 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions differ from the customary provisions prevailing in 
the United States and permit defined majorities to bind all holders of the relevant Notes including 
holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may agree, without the consent 
of the holders of the Notes and without regard to the interests of particular holders of the Notes, to (i) 
any modification of any provision of the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
is made to correct a manifest or proven error and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in 
the Trust Deed) and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any provision 
of the Terms and Conditions or the Trust Deed which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Holders. 
In addition, the Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, without the consent of 
the Holders, to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or of any previously 
substituted company as principal debtor under the Notes, in the circumstances described in Condition 
12(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and provided always that the Trustee is satisfied that 
the interests of the Holders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution. 
2.6.2.2 No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change of law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law (except that the provisions in the 
Notes under Condition 3 and Clause 3 of the Trust Deed are governed by Swedish law) in effect as at 
the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to English law, Swedish law or English or Swedish administrative practice 
after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could materially adversely impact 
the value of any Notes affected by it. 
2.6.2.3 It is possible that Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount may be traded in 
amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in

--- Page 49 ---
37 
 
 
its account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of such Notes such that its holding amounts to (at least) a 
Specified Denomination. Further, a Holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system 
at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should such 
Definitive Bearer Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes 
such that its holding amounts to (at least) a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Bearer Notes are issued, Holders should be aware that Definitive Bearer Notes which have 
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
2.6.2.4 A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes.  
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that 
may be deposited with a custodian for DTC or a common depositary or common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of 
the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing 
systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation 
under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its 
participants to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
2.6.2.5 Differences between the Notes and bank deposits. 
An investment in the Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit. However, an investment 
in the Notes carries risks which are very different from the risks associated with a bank deposit, with 
the higher yield of the Notes generally attributable to the greater risks associated with investment in 
the Notes.  
The Notes are expected to be less liquid than bank deposits. Bank deposits are generally repayable 
on demand, or with notice from the depositors, whereas holders of the Notes have no ability to require 
early repayment of their investment other than upon the occurrence of an applicable Event of Default 
(see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 6"). Furthermore, although the Notes are 
transferable, the Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Notes – Risks Relating to the Market – The Notes 
may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop".  
2.6.2.6 The Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into ordinary shares of Swedbank. 
Under the terms of the BRRD, any application of the general bail-in tool or non-viability loss absorption 
is to be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the

--- Page 50 ---
38 
 
 
impact of such application on Holders of Notes will depend on their ranking in accordance with such 
hierarchy at the relevant time, including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors.  
To the extent any resulting treatment of Holders pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in tool or 
non-viability loss absorption in combination with a resolution power is less favourable than would have 
been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a Holder has a right to 
compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is 
referred to as the "no creditor worse off safeguard" under the BRRD). Any such compensation is 
unlikely to compensate that Holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a 
considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also 
likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the 
Notes. 
Any shares issued to holders of capital instruments upon a conversion into equity following any non-
viability loss absorption or bail-in may be subject to future cancellation, transfer or dilution.  
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders may be subject to the application 
of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such Holders losing 
some or all of their investment. Such application could also involve modifications to or the 
disapplication of provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including alteration of the 
principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which 
payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period. As a result, the 
exercise of the bail-in power, any resolution tools or the application of any non-viability loss absorption 
measure, or any suggestion of such exercise, could materially adversely affect the rights of Holders, 
the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes. 
2.6.3 
Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain 
of those features: 
2.6.3.1 The qualification of the Notes as "eligible liabilities" is subject to uncertainty. 
The Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities which are available to meet any MREL 
Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL Regulations then applicable) of the 
Issuer and the Group. However, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Notes will be (or 
thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that a MREL Disqualification 
Event may occur. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to 
Condition 5(i), (i) where the applicable Final Terms specifies Condition 5(h) to be applicable, redeem 
all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of Notes and (ii) where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies Condition 5(j) to be applicable, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of 
Notes for, or vary the terms of such Series of Notes and/or the terms of the Trust Deed so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or, as the case may be, 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities. See "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Structure of a 
Particular Issue of Notes – The Issuer may redeem Notes prior to maturity" and "Risk Factors – Risks 
Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes – In certain circumstances, the Issuer can 
substitute or vary the terms of the Notes" for a description of the risks related to an early redemption 
of Notes or the substitution or variation, as the case may be, of Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
39 
 
 
2.6.3.2 The Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer. As provided under Condition 3(b)(ii), the rights of the Holders of any Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes shall rank (i) junior in right of payment to the claims of depositors and other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; (ii) pari passu 
with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; and (iii) senior to holders of all classes of 
ordinary shares of the Issuer and any subordinated obligations or other securities of the Issuer which 
by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of 
the Issuer. If, on a liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs), the assets of the Issuer 
are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full, the 
Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors 
in full but insufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims arising under its obligations in respect 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, the Holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose some (which may be 
substantially all) of their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which 
benefit from a preferential ranking, there is a risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
2.6.3.3 If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the 
change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Holders. Where the Notes convert 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the 
Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates 
on other fixed rate Notes of the Issuer at the time and could affect the market value of an investment 
in the relevant Notes. 
2.6.3.4 Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the relevant Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the 
relevant First Reset Date. On the relevant First Reset Date, the relevant Second Reset Date (if 
applicable) and each relevant Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset 
to the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant First Margin or relevant Subsequent 
Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any 
relevant Reset Period could be less than the relevant Initial Rate of Interest or the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Reset Notes. 
2.6.3.5 Market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities.

--- Page 52 ---
40 
 
 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
2.6.3.6 Events of Default.  
The only Events of Default in relation to the Notes are set out in Condition 6. For the avoidance of 
doubt, a "resolution" or "moratorium" under the BRRD will not constitute an Event of Default. In 
addition, the refusal of the Relevant Regulator to give its consent to any early redemption, purchase, 
substitution or variation shall not constitute an Event of Default.  
If a Note has been declared due and payable under Condition 6, the Trustee may institute such steps, 
including the obtaining of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the relevant 
Notes, as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put 
into liquidation (Sw: likvidation) but not otherwise and, consequently, if any Notes become due and 
payable under Condition 6, the Issuer shall, with the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such 
consent is required), only be required to make such payment after it has been declared bankrupt (Sw: 
konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation).  
2.6.3.7 The Issuer may redeem Notes prior to maturity in certain circumstances. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Issuer Call is applicable, the Issuer may on any Optional 
Redemption Date, at its option, redeem all, or some only, of the relevant Notes at their Optional 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
The Issuer may at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if 
such consent is required), redeem the relevant Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event 
at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
In addition to the above, where the applicable Final Terms specify that a Tax Event Call is applicable, 
the Issuer may, in certain circumstances and at its option, but in each case subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), redeem all (but not some only) 
of the relevant Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Event at their Early Redemption Amount, together 
with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that Condition 5(h) is applicable, the Issuer may, at its 
option, but in each case subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such 
consent is required), redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes upon the occurrence of a 
MREL Disqualification Event at their principal amount or the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that a Clean-Up Call Option is applicable, the Issuer may, 
at its option,  but in each case subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such 
consent is required), redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes if the Clean-Up Call Minimum 
Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of a Series of Notes has been redeemed or 
purchased and subsequently cancelled at their principal amount or the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes pursuant to the relevant option (or during any period when it is 
perceived that the Issuer may be able to redeem Notes pursuant to the relevant option), the market

--- Page 53 ---
41 
 
 
value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may consider it favourable to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
2.6.3.8 Redemption of the Notes is subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is 
required) and Holders have no right to request the redemption of the Notes. 
The Notes may contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them after a minimum period as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or even earlier than such specified date (and at any time): (i) upon the 
occurrence of a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a MREL Disqualification Event or (ii) if the 
Clean-Up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of a Series of Notes 
has been redeemed or purchased and subsequently cancelled (in any such case, to the extent 
applicable to such Notes). If the Issuer considers it favourable to exercise any such call option, the 
Issuer must first obtain the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required). 
Holders of Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of their Notes and should not invest in Notes 
in the expectation that any applicable call right will be exercised by the Issuer. In order for such Notes 
to be redeemed, (if such consent is required) the Relevant Regulator must first, in its discretion, agree 
to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and 
certain other factors at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will 
permit such a call or that the Issuer will exercise such a call.  
Holders of Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment 
in such Notes for a period of time beyond any optional redemption date which could affect the market 
value of an investment in the Notes. 
2.6.3.9 In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 5(j) applies, if at any time (i) a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs; (ii) a Withholding Tax Event occurs; (iii) where "Tax Event Call" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Tax Event occurs; or (iv) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f), the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior 
consent (if such consent is required) of the Relevant Regulator (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the relevant Holders or, subject as provided in Condition 5(j), the Trustee) either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes 
and/or the terms of the Trust Deed so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, or in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities, as further provided in Condition 5(j). The terms and 
conditions of such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the 
case may be, may have terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially 
different from the terms and conditions of the original Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, provided that the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying 
Securities or in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities, 
as the case may be, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. No assurance can be 
given as to whether any changes to the terms of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will negatively affect any particular Holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences 
of holding such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be

--- Page 54 ---
42 
 
 
different for some categories of Holders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding 
the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation.  
2.6.3.10 No limitation on issuing debt 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt which the Issuer may issue which ranks senior to any 
class of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or on the amount of securities which the Issuer may issue which 
ranks pari passu with any class of Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a result this may reduce the amount 
recoverable by Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes on the bankruptcy or any liquidation of the 
Issuer. 
2.6.3.11 No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
No Holder who in the event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer 
shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes (including any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if any are payable) held by 
such Holder. 
2.6.3.12 In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as "Green Bonds", "Social 
Bonds" and/or "Sustainability Bonds" there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that such Notes will 
be "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" meaning that it will be the Issuer’s intention 
to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of such Notes specifically to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, loans and investments with environmental and/or social benefits, as 
applicable. Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Base Prospectus and/or 
the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. Neither 
Swedbank nor the Dealers make any assurance or representation as to whether any Eligible Green 
Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets (each as defined in "Use and Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds") 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required 
to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses related to the relevant Eligible 
Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-
labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
"green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that, 
if such a definition, market consensus or label is developed in the future, any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds will comply with such definition, market consensus or label.  
A basis for the determination of a definition of "sustainable" has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on June 22, 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on June 18, 2020 (the "Taxonomy Regulation") on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy"). The EU 
Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European 
Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental

--- Page 55 ---
43 
 
 
objectives set out in the Taxonomy Regulation. On June 4, 2021, the European Commission formally 
adopted the first delegated act (the "EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act") aimed at supporting 
sustainable investment by making it clearer which economic activities most contribute to meeting the 
EU’s environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out criteria for 
economic activities in the sectors that are most relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering 
on climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport 
and buildings. Criteria for other environmental objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in line with 
the mandates in the Taxonomy Regulation. Until all criteria for such objectives have been developed 
and disclosed it is not known whether any Green Projects will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, 
alignment with the EU Taxonomy, once all criteria is established, is not certain. 
The Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework is subject to change in all respects at any time without 
notice. No assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses related to any Eligible 
Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
"green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including the EU 
Taxonomy) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses related to any Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets. 
Any Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds may be subject to the application of the 
general bail-in tool, other resolution tools or non-viability loss absorption; see "Risk Factors – General 
Risks Relating to Notes - The Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into ordinary shares 
of Swedbank" for further information. 
Neither Swedbank nor the Dealers make any assurance or representation as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Notes, the Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework generally, or any Eligible Green Assets or 
Eligible Social Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the 
avoidance of doubt, each of the Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework and any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
and/or Sustainability Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion 
or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or 
Sustainability Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight or attestation or reporting standards or criteria. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds are listed or 
admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), 
no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing 
or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard 
to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses related 
to any Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria 
for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market 
to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained during the life of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds.

--- Page 56 ---
44 
 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base 
Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) 
or use(s) that are related to any Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and 
that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Eligible Green Assets or 
Eligible Social Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such project(s) or use(s) related to any 
Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all 
or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. None of the Dealers 
will assess, verify or monitor the application of the amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds issued under the Programme. Neither the proceeds 
of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds 
will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets, and there will be no direct or 
contractual link between any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and any Eligible 
Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets (or any other environmental, social, sustainability or similar 
targets set by the Issuer) and consequently neither payments of principal and interest (as the case 
may be) on, nor an investor’s right to accelerate repayment of, such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds shall depend on the application of an amount equal to the net proceeds of any 
such issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, the performance of the relevant 
Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any 
such environmental, social, sustainability or similar targets. 
None of (a) any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds for any Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social 
Assets as aforesaid; (b) the withdrawal of any such opinion or certification; (c) any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters; (d) failure to 
obtain and publish any reports, assessments, opinions and certifications; (e) any such Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid; (f) the fact that the duration or maturity, if applicable, of 
any project(s) or uses(s) related to any Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets may not match 
the maturity of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds; (g) the failure by the 
Issuer to meet any environmental, social or sustainability targets; and/or (h) failure of the Eligible 
Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets, as applicable, to perform as expected will (i) constitute an 
Event of Default under the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds; (ii) create an 
obligation for the Issuer to redeem the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds; 
(iii) create an option for the Holders to redeem the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds; (iv) compromise the ability of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, or (v) create an incentive to redeem.  
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds to finance or refinance any Eligible Green Assets and/or 
Eligible Social Assets, as applicable, as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification 
or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with 
any matters and/or any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds no longer being 
listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and 
also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds which 
are intended to finance Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
2.6.3.13 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" and/or 
"Sustainability Bonds" may also be subject to the resolution tools granted to the competent authority

--- Page 57 ---
45 
 
 
under the BRRD in circumstances where the Issuer fails or is likely to fail and such labelling will not 
affect their regulatory treatment or status 
Investors should be aware that Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds may also be 
subject to the resolution tools granted to the competent authority under the BRRD in circumstances 
where the Issuer fails or is likely to fail. Please also refer to the risk factor "Risk Factors – General 
Risks Relating to Notes - The Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into ordinary shares 
of Swedbank" and "Regulatory Considerations". In particular, Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds will be subject to the exercise of the general bail-in tool to the same extent and 
with the same ranking as any other Notes which are not Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds. Further, any Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, as with other Notes, will be 
fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements and, as such, 
proceeds from any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will cover all losses in 
the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their "green", "social" and/or "sustainability" label, as 
applicable, and whether such losses arise from "green", "social", "sustainability" or other assets. 
Additionally, their labelling as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" will not (i) affect 
the regulatory treatment of such Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or (ii) have any impact on their 
status as indicated in Condition 3(a) or Condition 3(b), as the case may be. 
2.6.3.14 
There are risks that certain reference rates may be administered differently or discontinued in 
the future which may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes based on such reference rates. 
EURIBOR and other reference rates which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent 
international, national and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently from the past or disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
that cannot be predicted as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Certain risks relating to such 
benchmarks are described below. 
EU and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non- EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if 
non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on (i) any Floating Rate Note which specifies Screen Rate Determination in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined or (ii) any Reset 
Note, in each case where the applicable Original Reference Rate is deemed to be a benchmark, 
particularly if the methodology or other terms of such benchmark are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. More broadly, any of

--- Page 58 ---
46 
 
 
the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, 
national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to a 
benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms 
and investigations in making any investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes linked to a benchmark. 
Discontinuation of benchmarks 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as EURIBOR and other reference rates which are 
deemed to be "benchmarks", as has happened with LIBOR, the establishment of alternative reference 
rates or changes in the manner of administration of a benchmark could cause disruption and could 
also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other 
consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over 
time with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was 
available in its current form. 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation - Independent Adviser" is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms for a Floating Rate Note or Reset Note, in the event that the Issuer determines a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate. If any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in such 
manner and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate and/or Alternative Rate or any Adjustment Spread, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Holders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer to be applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread,

--- Page 59 ---
47 
 
 
formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (which may include a 
relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula 
or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be. The application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Notes 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the 
relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread 
is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate 
of Interest. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, it may still determine (i) the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate; and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments 
itself (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). If a Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate, Adjustment Spread or any Benchmark Amendment is not determined pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, other fallback provisions under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may 
be required to be used, which may in certain circumstances result in the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period continuing to apply at the Rate of Interest applicable to the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, resulting in the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes becoming, in 
effect, fixed rate securities (potentially until the relevant maturity date of the Notes depending on 
whether (i) the Issuer exercises its option to re-apply the fallback provisions contained in Condition 
4(e) and (ii) (if such fallback provisions are re-applied) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is 
determined pursuant to Condition 4(e). Even if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (if any) are determined pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, the overall Rate of Interest payable on the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes may be less than it would have been had no Benchmark Event occurred.  
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. Dollars and the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in the 
applicable Final Terms and (ii) "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR" is also specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Note, and the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect 
of such determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates as described in 
Condition 4(f). After such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer be determined by 
reference to the Benchmark, but instead will be determined by reference to the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement.  
The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the relevant 
Notes by reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment), any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and 
any other determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the terms of such Notes in 
connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, could adversely affect the value of such Notes, the 
return on such Notes and the price at which such Notes can be sold. Any Benchmark Replacement 
will likely be a relatively new market index that may be altered or discontinued.

--- Page 60 ---
48 
 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation – general 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(e) or Condition 4(f), as the case may be, no Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread or, as the case may be, Benchmark Replacement will be 
adopted nor will any other amendments to the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes be made to 
effect any Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable) 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
(a) prejudice the qualification of the relevant Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or (b) result in the 
Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the relevant 
Notes. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, 
or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or 
any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could 
have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and return on any such 
affected Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
2.6.3.15 
Compounded SOFR and the SOFR Index are relatively new in the marketplace 
The interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR 
Index in the applicable Final Terms will be based on Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using 
the SOFR Index published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ("FRBNY") according to the 
specific formula described under Condition 4(c)(ii)(B), not the SOFR rate published on or in respect of 
a particular date during any Interest Accrual Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during 
such period. Since SOFR is a relatively new market rate, the relevant Notes may have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very 
liquid. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on any such Notes during any Interest Accrual 
Period will not necessarily be the same as the interest rate on other SOFR-linked investments that 
use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. Further, if the SOFR rate in respect 
of a particular date during an Interest Accrual Period is negative, its contribution to the SOFR Index 
will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to Compounded SOFR used to calculate the interest 
payable on the relevant Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of any Floating Rate Notes linked to or that 
reference a SOFR rate might be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. 
In addition, the market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions. The Issuer may also in the future issue Floating Rate 
Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with 
any previous SOFR referenced Floating Rate Notes issued by it under this Base Prospectus. The 
development of Compounded SOFR and SOFR Index as interest reference rates for the debt capital 
markets, as well as continued development of SOFR based rates for such markets and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any SOFR referenced Floating Rate Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus from time to time. 
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and the method 
for calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies. Investors should be 
aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates – such as SOFR - as reference 
rates in the capital markets. In August 2019 and May 2020, FRBNY’s Alternative Reference Rates 
Committee ("ARRC") released model interest rate conventions for SOFR-linked securities (including 
for the calculation of Compounded SOFR); however, there currently is no uniform market convention 
with respect to the calculation of Compounded SOFR or SOFR generally. In addition, the FRBNY only 
began publishing the SOFR Index on March 2, 2020. Accordingly, the use of the SOFR Index or the

--- Page 61 ---
49 
 
 
specific formula for the Compounded SOFR rate used in any relevant Notes may not be widely 
adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method that 
would likely adversely affect the market value of any such Notes. It may be difficult for investors in 
Floating Rate Notes that reference Compounded SOFR or SOFR Index to estimate reliably the amount 
of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes, and some investors may be unable or 
unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could 
adversely impact the liquidity and trading price of such Floating Rate Notes.  
Further, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Floating Rate Notes, the trading 
price of such Floating Rate Notes linked to or which reference a SOFR rate may be lower than those 
of Floating Rate Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Floating Rate 
Notes may not be able to sell such Floating Rate Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Floating 
Rate Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market 
risk. Investors should note that interest on Floating Rate Notes linked to or which reference a SOFR 
rate will be calculated and paid in accordance with the detailed provisions of the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms. In particular, where the Interest Determination Date in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period falls before the end of that Interest Accrual Period, the interest payable in respect of 
that Interest Accrual Period will not reflect any increase (or decrease) in the underlying daily SOFR 
rate after that Interest Determination Date. Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes linked to or which reference a SOFR rate. 
If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SOFR is 
calculated, is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any 
relevant Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or 
amend the published SOFR Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. See "Risk 
Factors – Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes – There are risks that certain 
reference rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the future which may adversely 
affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes based on 
such reference rates – Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR" for further information. 
2.6.3.16 
The SOFR Index has a limited history. The future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted 
based on the historical performance of SOFR. 
Publication of SOFR and the SOFR Index, each published by the FRBNY, began on April 3, 2018 and 
on March 2, 2020, respectively, and therefore each has a limited history. The future performance of 
SOFR cannot be predicted based on the limited historical performance. The level of SOFR during the 
term of any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in the 
applicable Final Terms may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR, such as correlations, 
may change in the future. While some pre-publication historical data have been released by the 
FRBNY, such analysis inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Changes in 
the levels of SOFR will affect Compounded SOFR and, therefore, the return on any relevant Notes 
and the trading price of such Notes, but it is impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or fall. 
There can be no assurance that Compounded SOFR or SOFR will be positive. 
2.6.3.17 
Compounded SOFR with respect to a particular Interest Accrual Period for Floating Rate 
Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms will only 
be capable of being determined near the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
The level of Compounded SOFR applicable to a particular Interest Accrual Period and, therefore, the 
SOFR Index and amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Accrual Period will be

--- Page 62 ---
50 
 
 
determined on the Interest Determination Date (as defined in Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)) for such Interest 
Accrual Period. 
Because each such date is near the end of such Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest 
payable with respect to a particular Interest Accrual Period will not be known until shortly prior to the 
related Interest Payment Date and it may be difficult to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will 
be payable on each such Interest Payment Date. In addition, some investors may be unwilling or 
unable to trade the relevant Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of 
which could adversely impact the liquidity and trading price of any such Notes. 
2.6.3.18 
The SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued and Floating Rate Notes for which the 
Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms may bear interest by 
reference to a rate other than Compounded SOFR, which could adversely affect the value of any such 
Notes  
The SOFR Index is published by the FRBNY based on data received by it from sources other than the 
Issuer, and the Issuer has no control over its methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision 
practices or availability of the SOFR Index at any time. There can be no guarantee, particularly given 
its relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any relevant Notes. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR reference rates in the debt capital markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as 
the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR.

--- Page 63 ---
51 
 
 
3. 
Presentation of Certain Financial and other Information 
For details of the financial information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, see "Information 
Incorporated by Reference" below. 
For the convenience of investors, certain selected financial information has also been included in this Base 
Prospectus. See "Selected Financial Information" below. This information is not complete and should be read 
together with the financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The following adoption of accounting pronouncements and changes are applied in the financial reports during 
2022.  
Changes in IFRS and Swedish regulations 
Amended IFRS, IFRS-interpretations and Swedish regulations which have been adopted during 2022 did not 
have a significant impact on the Group’s financial position, results, cash flows or disclosures. 
Definition of default and credit-impaired assets 
The Group’s IFRS 9 definitions of default and credit-impaired assets are aligned to the Group’s regulatory 
definition of default, as this is what is used for risk management purposes. During Q3 2022, the Group 
implemented the new regulatory definition of default according to the EBA guidelines on the application of the 
definition of default under Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013. According to the new definition, defaults 
for sovereigns and financial institutions are no longer solely triggered based on manual decisions. 
Consequently, Swedban now applies the 90 days past due criterion for these borrowers. This consequential 
amendment is implemented prospectively and had no impact on the stage allocation of these borrowers. 
New Swedish bank tax and changed presentation of resolution fees 
A new Swedish bank tax (Risk tax on credit institutions) was introduced from January 1, 2022 and is presented 
on a new row in the income statement. From 2022 the Group also presents resolution fees on this row, which 
is named Swedish bank tax and resolution fees. Previously the resolution fees have been included in Interest 
expense within Net interest income. Comparative figures have been restated, see note G57 in the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
The financial information set out herein has been extracted without material adjustment from the Issuer’s 
annual audited consolidated financial statements as of, and for, the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 
and 2020, including the notes thereto (the "Financial Statements"), except for the information in "Selected 
Statistical and Other Information" which is derived from the financial records of the Issuer. The Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board ("IASB") and interpretation of these standards as adopted by the EU. The consolidated financial 
statements also apply recommendation RFR 1, Complementary accounting rules for groups, issued by the 
Swedish Financial Reporting Board, the pronouncements of the Swedish Financial Reporting Board, certain 
complementary rules in the Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities Companies and the 
regulations and general advice of the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, FFFS 2008:25. IFRS differs in 
certain respects from generally accepted accounting principles applied in the United States. The Issuer 
prepares its financial statements in Swedish Krona in accordance with the requirements of Swedish statutory 
accounting and tax legislation. 
Certain definitions, presentation of information 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$", "USD" and "$" refer to United States dollars, 
references to "SEK" and "Krona" refer to Swedish Krona, references to "Pounds Sterling", "GBP" and "£" refer

--- Page 64 ---
52 
 
 
to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "Japanese Yen" and "JPY" refer to the lawful 
currency of Japan and references to "EUR", "Euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union, pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. Unless otherwise noted, all translations of SEK amounts into U.S. dollars for 
the year ended December 31, 2022 have been at the rate of SEK 10.3928 = U.S.$1.00, being the 
representative market rate prevailing in Stockholm on December 31, 2022, as reported by Bloomberg. No 
representation is made that SEK or U.S. dollar amounts referred to herein have been, could have been or 
could be, converted into U.S. dollars or SEK, as the case may be, at this rate, at any particular rate, or at all. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetical aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "Sweden" are to the Kingdom of Sweden and references to the 
"Government" are to the Swedish government. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators ("URLs") are inactive textual 
references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not 
form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus includes certain statistics and market share data. The Issuer believes that the statistics 
and market share data included in this Base Prospectus are useful in helping investors to understand the 
markets in which the Issuer operates. However, to the extent indicated, these figures are sourced from third 
party information (for instance, for market sizing) that has not been independently verified. This Base 
Prospectus also contains other information sourced from third parties, where indicated with references to third 
party sources herein. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by such sources, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own analysis of the Issuer and the terms of the 
Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The Notes have not been approved or disapproved 
by the SEC or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the 
foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy 
of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee makes any representation to any investor in the Notes 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to 
bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 65 ---
53 
 
 
4. 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
The following information which has previously been published, or is published simultaneously, with this Base 
Prospectus shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for each of the financials years 
ended 
December 
31, 
2022 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE141563695), 
December 
31, 
2021 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE109370778) 
and 
December 
31, 
2020 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE78501331) comprising the information set out at the following pages of the Group’s ‘Annual 
Report 2022’,‘Annual Report 2021’ and ‘Annual Report 2020’: 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes 
pages 65-161 
pages 65-160 
pages 58-157 
Auditor’s Report 
pages 241-
246 
pages 239-
243 
pages 238-
242 
(2) 
the following sections from previous prospectuses relating to the Programme: (i) the section "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 51-100 inclusive) set out in the Base Prospectus dated April 6, 
2020 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE57912631) as supplemented by section 4 of the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
May 
15, 
2020 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE61017017); (ii) the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 60-116 inclusive) set 
out in the Base Prospectus dated March 5, 2021 (which can be viewed online at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE78888491); and (iii) the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 69-145 inclusive) 
set out in the Base Prospectus dated March 7, 2022 (which can be viewed online at  
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE117915307). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any information incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 66 ---
54 
 
 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes. The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Dealer Agreement that it will comply with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 67 ---
55 
 
 
5. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be issued in registered form or in bearer form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
5.1 
Registered Notes 
In the case of Registered Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify that the Notes will be issued 
in the form of Registered Global Notes held in specified clearing systems, as described below, or in 
the form of Definitive Registered Notes. 
5.1.1 
Form of Registered Global Notes 
If Notes are to be issued in the form of Registered Global Notes, the Issuer will deliver a Restricted 
Registered Global Note and/or an Unrestricted Registered Global Note, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
5.1.2 
Restricted and Unrestricted Registered Global Notes 
Registered Notes may only be offered and sold within the United States or to U.S. persons in 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act to QIBs. The Registered 
Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Restricted Registered Global Note which 
will be deposited on or about the issue date of such Tranche either (i) with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC or (ii) with a common safekeeper or common depositary, 
as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a 
nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act will be represented by an Unrestricted Registered Global 
Note which will be deposited on or about the issue date of such Tranche either (i) with a custodian for, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective participants or (ii) with a common safekeeper or 
common depositary, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in 
the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. A 
beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Registered Global Note may at all times be held only through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
In the circumstances described below under "Exchange and Transfer of Registered Global Notes for 
Definitive Registered Notes", interests in any Unrestricted Registered Global Note will be 
exchangeable for unrestricted Definitive Registered Notes ("Unrestricted Definitive Registered Notes") 
and interests in any Restricted Registered Global Note will be exchangeable for restricted Definitive 
Registered Notes ("Restricted Definitive Registered Notes"). Restricted Registered Global Notes (and 
any Restricted Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange therefor) will be subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer contained in a legend appearing on the face of such Note set forth under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions—Transfer Restrictions". 
5.1.3 
Owner of Registered Global Notes and Payments 
Subject to certain provisions of the Trust Deed relating to directions, sanctions and consents of Holders 
of Registered Notes and to meetings of Holders, so long as DTC or its nominee or Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their common depositary or the nominee of the common

--- Page 68 ---
56 
 
 
safekeeper, as the case may be, is the registered owner or Holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the 
sole owner or Holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under 
the Trust Deed and the Notes. Payments of principal, interest and additional amounts, if any, pursuant 
to Condition 7 on Registered Global Notes will be made to DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or such nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder thereof. None of the Issuer, the 
Registrar, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent or any affiliate of any of the above will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of 
beneficial ownership interests in Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
5.1.3.1 Exchange and Transfer of Registered Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes 
Beneficial interests in a Restricted Registered Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in 
part, for Restricted Definitive Registered Notes; (i) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee of DTC, if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its 
responsibilities as depositary with respect to the relevant Restricted Registered Global Note or ceases 
to be a "clearing agency" registered under the Exchange Act, or is at any time no longer eligible to act 
as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice of 
such ineligibility on the part of such depositary; or (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business; or (iii) if an Event of Default as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is continuing; or (iv) at the 
option of the Issuer, if the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar, by reason of any change in, or 
amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or withholding from any 
payment under the Notes which would not be required if such Notes were in definitive form. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Registered Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not 
in part, for Unrestricted Definitive Registered Notes: (i) in the case of Notes registered in the name of 
a nominee of DTC, if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly 
its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the relevant Unrestricted Registered Global Note or 
ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the Exchange Act, or is at any time no longer eligible 
to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving 
notice of such ineligibility on the part of such depositary; or (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the 
name of a nominee for a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business; or (iii) if an Event of Default as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is continuing; or (iv) at the 
option of the Issuer, if the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar, by reason of any change in, or 
amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or withholding from any 
payment under the Notes which would not be required if such Notes were in definitive form. 
In such circumstances, (i) the Registrar will be required to notify all Holders of interests in the relevant 
Registered Global Notes registered in the name of DTC or its nominee or Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the nominee of their common depositary or the nominee of the common safekeeper, 
as the case may be, of the availability of Restricted or Unrestricted Definitive Registered Notes, as the 
case may be, and (ii) the Issuer will, at the cost of the Issuer, cause sufficient Unrestricted Definitive 
Registered Notes and/or Restricted Definitive Registered Notes, as the case may be, to be executed

--- Page 69 ---
57 
 
 
and delivered to the Registrar for completion, authentication and dispatch to the relevant Holders. A 
person having an interest in the relevant Registered Global Note must provide the Registrar with: 
(a) 
a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver the relevant Definitive Registered 
Note; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Restricted Registered Global Note only, a fully completed, signed certification 
substantially to the effect that the exchanging Holder is not transferring its interest at the time 
of such exchange or, in the case of simultaneous sale pursuant to Rule 144A, a certification 
that the transfer is being made in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144A. Restricted 
Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted 
Registered Global Note will bear the legend applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A (as 
set out under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions—Transfer 
Restrictions"). 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Definitive Registered Notes issued pursuant to and in reliance on Rule 144A will be issued only in 
minimum denominations of U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or 
the approximate equivalents in the applicable Specified Currency). 
The Holder of a Registered Note may transfer such Registered Note in accordance with the provisions 
of Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Holder of a Definitive Registered Note 
may transfer such Note by surrendering it at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
together with the completed form of transfer thereon. Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of 
Restricted Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for beneficial interests in a Restricted 
Registered Global Note bearing the legend referred to under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions—Transfer Restrictions", or upon specific request for removal of the legend on a 
Restricted Definitive Registered Note, the Registrar shall deliver only Restricted Definitive Registered 
Notes that bear such legend, or will refuse to remove such legend, as the case may be, unless either 
(i) such transfer, exchange or replacement occurs or such request is made one year or more after the 
later of (1) the original issue date of the Notes of such Tranche or (2) the last date on which the Issuer 
or any affiliate (as defined under the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of the Issuer as 
notified to the Registrar by the Issuer was the beneficial owner of such Note (or any predecessor of 
such Note) or (ii) there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar an opinion, reasonably satisfactory 
to the Issuer, of counsel experienced in giving opinions with respect to questions arising under the 
securities laws of the United States to the effect that neither such legend nor the restrictions on transfer 
set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of such laws. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Registered Global Note for 
Definitive Registered Notes for a period of 15 calendar days preceding the due date for any payment 
in respect of the Notes. 
5.1.4 
Payments on Registered Notes 
Payments of principal on the Registered Notes will be made on the relevant payment date to the 
persons in whose name such Notes are registered at the close of business on the business day (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the Registrar is located) 
immediately prior to the relevant payment date. Payments of interest on the Registered Notes will be 
made on the relevant payment date to the persons in whose name such Notes are registered on the 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 8(b)) immediately preceding such payment date.

--- Page 70 ---
58 
 
 
Payments of the principal of, and interest (if any) on, the Registered Global Notes will be made to the 
person shown on the register as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the 
Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
5.2 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note without 
Coupons or Talons (each as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") which will (i) if the 
Temporary Global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (ii) if the Temporary Global Notes are not intended to 
be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchanged either for interests in a Permanent Global 
Note or, where specified in the applicable Final Terms (subject to such notice period as is specified in 
the Final Terms), for Definitive Bearer Notes on or after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche, as certified by the relevant Dealer 
(in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a syndicated 
issue). Such exchange will be made only upon delivery of written certification to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to the effect that the beneficial owner of such Notes 
is not a U.S. person or other person who has purchased such Notes for resale to, or on behalf of, U.S. 
persons and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, has given a like 
certification (based on the certification it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
If an interest or principal payment date for any Notes occurs while such Notes are represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the related interest or principal payment will be made only to the extent that 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership has been received as described in the last sentence of 
the immediately preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of 
a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on or 
after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. Payments of principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note 
will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender, as 
the case may be, of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) without any further requirement for certification. Pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued, 
the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until at least expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to 
the Notes of such Tranche. 
Interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, (free of charge to 
the Holder) for Definitive Bearer Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms either (A) upon not 
less than 45 days’ written notice (expiring at least 30 days after the Exchange Date) from the bearer 
to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein, or (B) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described therein, upon notice from the bearer to the Principal Paying Agent or, upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event described in (iii) below, from the Issuer to the Principal Paying 
Agent. "Exchange Event" means (i) either of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
clearing system by which the Notes have been accepted for clearing is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention to

--- Page 71 ---
59 
 
 
cease business permanently, (ii) an Event of Default in relation to the Notes as set out in Condition 6 
occurs and is continuing, or (iii) at the option of the Issuer, if the Issuer or any Paying Agent, by reason 
of any change in, or amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or 
withholding from any payment under the Notes which would not be required if such Notes were in 
definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 if 
an Exchange Event occurs. Any such exchange following the occurrence of an Exchange Event shall 
occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
The exchange upon notice option described in paragraph (A) above should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the relevant Notes have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount. Furthermore, Notes should not 
be issued which have such denominations if such Notes are to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), which have 
an original maturity of more than 1 year and on all Coupons and Talons relating to such Bearer Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or Coupons or Talons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer 
Notes or Coupons or Talons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
5.3 
General 
Any reference herein to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
The Issuer has entered into an agreement with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (together the 
"ICSDs") in respect of any Notes issued in NGN form or intended to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure ("NSS") that the Issuer may request be made eligible for settlement with the 
ICSDs (the "Issuer-ICSDs Agreement"). The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that the ICSDs will, in 
respect of any such Notes, inter alia, maintain records of their respective portion of the issue 
outstanding amount and will, upon the Issuer’s request, produce a statement for the Issuer’s use 
showing the total nominal amount of its customer holdings of such Notes as of a specified date. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form or are intended to be held 
under the NSS (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the applicable Final Terms will also indicate 
whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as 
such recognition depends upon the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met. Furthermore, any indication that the Global Notes are not intended to be so held may be

--- Page 72 ---
60 
 
 
the case at the date of the applicable Final Terms. However, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. Similarly, this 
would not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met. 
The common safekeeper for NGNs or any Notes intended to be held under the NSS will either be 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 73 ---
61 
 
 
6. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, when construed together with Part A 
of the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Notes, will be applicable to each Series of Notes: 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed dated September 3, 2012 (as supplemented and/or 
amended from time to time, the "Trust Deed") and made between Swedbank AB (publ) (the "Issuer", 
which term, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include its legal successors following universal 
succession (Sw: universalsuccession), by operation of law applicable in Sweden, upon consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or any other similar occurrence) and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services 
Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or 
trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Holders (as described below). These Terms and 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which 
includes the form of the Notes and any Coupons relating to them. Copies of the Trust Deed and of an 
amended and restated Agency Agreement (as supplemented or amended from time to time, the 
"Agency Agreement") dated March 5, 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch in its capacities as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such), as 
paying agent, as transfer agent and as exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall 
include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such), Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG in its capacity as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any 
successor to Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG in its capacity as such) and The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as paying agent (a "Paying Agent" and, together with the Principal 
Paying Agent and any substitute or additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement, the "Paying Agents") and as transfer agent (a "Transfer Agent" and, together with the 
Principal Paying Agent and any substitute or additional transfer agents appointed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement, the "Transfer Agents"), are available for inspection at the specified office of 
the Trustee (presently at The Bank of New York Mellon, One Canada Square, London E14 5AL) and 
each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar. All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of 
obligations under any Notes shall be deemed to have notice of and to be bound by all of the provisions 
of the Trust Deed insofar as they relate to the Notes. References herein to "Agents" shall, where the 
context so requires, be to the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Exchange 
Agent. References herein to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents shall include any additional 
Paying Agent(s) and/or Transfer Agent(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). 
The final terms of the Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
relating to the Notes which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). References to 
the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof). 
Copies of the Final Terms in respect of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com. If the 
Notes are to be admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area, 
the applicable Final Terms will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the 
relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Copies of the Final Terms will also be available, upon 
request, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in relation to a Tranche of Registered Notes, the Registrar. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading and save that a Tranche may comprise Notes in more than one denomination) 
and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including

--- Page 74 ---
62 
 
 
as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement 
Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, references to "Notes" are to Notes of the same Series and shall, 
as the context may require, be deemed to include any Unrestricted Registered Global Note, Restricted 
Registered Global Note, Definitive Registered Note, Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note 
or, as the case may be, Definitive Bearer Note (each as defined below). References to "Notes" shall, 
so far as the context permits, be deemed to include any Coupons (as defined below). References to 
"Holders" shall include holders of Coupons, as the context may require. 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes are issued in registered form ("Registered Notes") or in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified Currency") and the 
denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, depending upon the Status 
of the Notes shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Notes in Global Form and Exchanges Thereof 
(i) 
Registered Notes will be represented upon issue by Notes in the following form: 
(A) 
Notes initially sold within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") will be represented by beneficial 
interests in a restricted registered global Note (a "Restricted Registered Global Note") in 
substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed, which 
will be deposited either (i) with a custodian for The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") and 
registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of DTC or (ii) with a common depositary or 
a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for, and in respect of, interests held through 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
Notes initially sold to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act will be represented by beneficial interests in an unrestricted registered global 
Note (an "Unrestricted Registered Global Note") in substantially the form (subject to 
amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed, which will be deposited either (i) with

--- Page 75 ---
63 
 
 
a custodian for DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of DTC for the 
accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective 
participants, or (ii) with a common depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case may be, 
for, and in respect of, interests held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
An interest in either the Restricted Registered Global Note or the Unrestricted Registered Global Note 
(each a "Registered Global Note") may be exchanged for a definitive Registered Note (a "Definitive 
Registered Note") in the limited circumstances set out in such Registered Global Note. A Definitive 
Registered Note may be exchanged for another Definitive Registered Note under certain 
circumstances described in the Agency Agreement. In relation to any Tranche, prior to the expiry of 
the period that ends 40 days after the later of the date of issue of such Tranche and the completion of 
the distribution of such Tranche, beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Registered Global Note will 
only be exchangeable for interests in a Restricted Registered Global Note in accordance with the 
certification requirements described in the Agency Agreement. 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
(ii) 
Registered Notes will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, be the subject of an application by 
the Issuer to DTC for the acceptance of such Registered Notes into DTC’s book-entry settlement 
system. If such application is accepted, one or more Registered Global Notes (each, a "DTC Note") in 
denominations equivalent in aggregate to the aggregate principal amount of relevant Registered Notes 
which are to be held in such system will be issued to DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., 
or such other person as may be nominated by DTC for the purpose, as nominee for DTC. Thereafter, 
such registered nominee will be the holder of record and entitled to rights in respect of each DTC Note. 
Accordingly, each person having a beneficial interest in a DTC Note must rely on the procedures of 
the institutions having accounts with DTC to exercise any rights of such person. So long as Registered 
Notes are traded through DTC’s book-entry settlement system, ownership of a beneficial interest in 
the relevant DTC Note will (unless otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be 
shown on, and transfers of such beneficial interest may be effected only through, records maintained 
by (i) DTC or its registered nominee (as to DTC-participant interests) or (ii) institutions having accounts 
with DTC (including, without limitation, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
(iii) 
Bearer Notes will be represented upon issue by a temporary global Note (a "Temporary Global Note") 
in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed. On or after 
the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
of the relevant Tranche and provided certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as required 
by United States Treasury regulations has been received, interests in the Temporary Global Note may 
be exchanged for either (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(A) 
interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form (a "Permanent Global Note") representing 
the Notes of that Series and in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) 
set out in the Trust Deed; or 
(B) 
Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Bearer Notes"), serially numbered and in 
substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed. 
(iv) 
In the case of Bearer Notes, if any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Notes of a 
Tranche occurs whilst any of the Notes of that Tranche are represented by the Temporary Global 
Note, if such payment falls due before the Exchange Date, the related interest payment will be made 
on the Temporary Global Note upon and to the extent of delivery to or to the order of any of the Paying

--- Page 76 ---
64 
 
 
Agents outside the United States of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership issued 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and dated not earlier than the relevant interest payment 
date. 
Payments of principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg without any requirement for certification. References to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(v) 
In the case of Bearer Notes, interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but 
not in part, (free of charge to the Holder) for Definitive Bearer Notes as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms either: 
(A) 
upon not less than 60 days’ written notice (expiring at least 30 days after the Exchange Date) 
from the bearer to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein, or 
(B) 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described therein, upon notice from the 
bearer to the Principal Paying Agent or, upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event described 
in (iii) below, from the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent. 
"Exchange Event" means (i) either of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system by which the Notes have been accepted for clearing is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention to cease business 
permanently, (ii) an Event of Default in relation to the Notes as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is 
continuing, or (iii) at the option of the Issuer, if the Issuer or any Paying Agent, by reason of any change 
in, or amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or withholding from 
any payment under the Notes which would not be required if such Notes were in definitive form. The 
Issuer will promptly give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event 
occurs. Any such exchange following the occurrence of an Exchange Event shall occur not later than 
45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
(vi) 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) which have 
an original maturity of more than 1 year and on all Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States persons, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or Coupons or Talons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer 
Notes or Coupons or Talons. 
(vii) 
Interest-bearing Definitive Bearer Notes will have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery 
coupons ("Coupons") and, if applicable, talons for further Coupons ("Talons"), presentation of which 
will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances specified below. Any reference 
herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons or talons. Bearer Notes in global form do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue.

--- Page 77 ---
65 
 
 
(c) 
Surrender of Global Notes in Exchange for Definitive Notes 
In order to exchange interests in a global Note for definitive Notes, a Holder must surrender or, as the 
case may be, present the relevant Registered Global Note at the specified office of the Registrar or its 
agent or, as the case may be, present the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, together, in each case, with a request in writing 
specifying the principal amount of such Registered Global Note or, as the case may be, Temporary 
Global Note or Permanent Global Note to be exchanged.  
2. 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Registered Notes 
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the register which is kept by the Registrar. 
References herein to the "Holders" of Registered Notes are to the persons in whose names such 
Notes are so registered or, in the case of joint holders, the first named thereof. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes 
Title to Bearer Notes and Coupons passes by delivery and references herein to the "Holders" of Bearer 
Notes and Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer Notes and Coupons. 
(c) 
Ownership 
The Holder of any Note or Coupon will (except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulatory 
requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or 
any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
(d) 
Transfer of Registered Notes in Definitive Form 
Definitive Registered Notes may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency 
Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms) upon the surrender of the Registered Note to be transferred for registration of 
the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part thereof), together with the form of transfer 
endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent. A new Registered Note will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part 
only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be 
issued to the transferor. 
(e) 
Delivery of New Registered Notes in Definitive Form 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Notes in definitive form shall 
be available for delivery within five business days at the specified office of the Registrar or the relevant 
Transfer Agent after receipt of the form of transfer. Delivery of the new Registered Note shall be made 
at the specified office of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent, as the case may be, to whom delivery 
of such form of transfer shall have been made or, at the option of the Holder making such delivery as 
aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the Holder entitled to the new Registered Note to such address as may 
be so specified, unless such Holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent the 
costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. For these purposes, 
a form of transfer received by the Registrar during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for 
any payment on the relevant Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the 
Registrar until the day following the due date for such payment. For the purposes of this Condition

--- Page 78 ---
66 
 
 
2(e), "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where the specified office of 
the Registrar is located. 
(f) 
Charges on Transfer 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of such 
indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges which 
may be imposed in relation thereto. 
(g) 
Private Placement Legend 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Restricted Registered Global Notes or Restricted 
Definitive Registered Notes of any Tranche bearing the private placement legend (the "Rule 144A 
Legend") set forth in the form of Restricted Registered Global Note or Restricted Definitive Registered 
Note, as the case may be, or upon specific request for removal of the Rule 144A Legend, the Registrar 
shall deliver only Registered Notes of such Tranche that also bear the Rule 144A Legend or will refuse 
to remove the Rule 144A Legend, as the case may be, unless either (i) such transfer, exchange or 
replacement occurs, or such request is made, one year or more after the later of (1) the original issue 
date of the Notes of such Tranche or (2) the last date on which the Issuer or any affiliate (as defined 
in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Issuer as notified to the Registrar by the Issuer was the 
beneficial owner of such Note (or any predecessor of such Note) or (ii) there is delivered to the Issuer 
and the Registrar an opinion, reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer, of counsel experienced in giving 
opinions with respect to questions arising under the securities laws of the United States to the effect 
that neither such legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required in order to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of such laws. 
(h) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in Global Form 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest 
in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the 
name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but 
not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee. 
3. 
Status 
(a) 
Status – Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 3(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Senior Preferred Notes.  
(ii) 
The Senior Preferred Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The rights of the Holder of any Senior 
Preferred Note in respect of or arising from the Senior Preferred Notes (including any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall, in the event

--- Page 79 ---
67 
 
 
of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, 
rank: 
(A) 
(subject to such mandatory exceptions as are from time to time applicable under Swedish law) 
at least pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding; and 
(B) 
senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities. 
(b) 
Status - Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
(i) 
This Condition 3(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(ii) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The rights of the Holder of any Senior 
Non-Preferred Note in respect of or arising from the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall, in 
the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the 
Issuer, have Senior Non-Preferred Ranking, meaning that they rank: 
(A) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; 
(B) 
senior to holders of all classes of ordinary shares of the Issuer and any subordinated 
obligations or other securities of the Issuer which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed 
to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; and 
(C) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of 
the Issuer, 
subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Swedish law. 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Sweden giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, including, without limitation 
to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and the BRRD (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer or the Group, as the case may be);  
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by BRRD II); 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, as the same may be amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
"CRD" means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive and CRR and any CRD 
Implementing Measures;

--- Page 80 ---
68 
 
 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by the CRD V Directive); 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled 
by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the Group, as the 
case may be, (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD 
Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards released 
by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
"CRD V Directive" means Directive 2019/878 as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Directive 2013/36/EU, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may 
be amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRR II); 
"CRR II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting 
and disclosure requirements of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities" means liabilities having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking; and 
"Senior Non-Preferred Ranking" means the ranking which is described in the second sentence of the 
first paragraph of section 18 of the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. 18 § 1 st andra meningen 
förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)), as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time.  
(c) 
Waiver of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
No Holder of Notes who in the event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of 
the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes (including any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) held by such Holder. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Holder by the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Notes is discharged by set-off, netting or 
counterclaim, such Holder  shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the 
amount of such discharge to the Issuer and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount 
equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not 
to have taken place.

--- Page 81 ---
69 
 
 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a) or Condition 4(b) (as applicable): 
(i) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
and 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or

--- Page 82 ---
70 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(aa) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(bb) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year, 
where: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
In these Conditions, "sub unit" means, with respect to any currency other than U.S. dollars and Euro, 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, with respect to U.S. dollars and Euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Initial Rate(s) of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the 
rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest,  
payable, in each case, in arrear on the date(s) so specified in the applicable Final Terms on which 
interest is payable in each year (each an "Interest Payment Date") and on the Maturity Date if that 
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant period, and will calculate the amount 
of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Reset Notes for the relevant period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to: 
(aa) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Reset Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(bb) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 83 ---
71 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Reset Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In this Condition 4(b): 
"Business Day" has the meaning given in Condition 4(c)(i) or, if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, such term means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as defined 
in Condition 4(c)(ii)(B); 
"Day Count Fraction" and related definitions have the meanings given in Condition 4(a); 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date;  
"First Reset Period Fallback Yield" means the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest determined by 
the Calculation Agent on (or, if applicable, in respect of) the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin, with such sum being converted (if Reset Reference 
Rate Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) from the Original Reset Reference 
Rate Payment Basis to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect 
of the Notes (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution 
selected by it);  
"H.15" means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, published by the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any 
successor site or publication;  
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly;  
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, as applicable;  
"Reference Bond" means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the 
state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, shall be 
Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute, that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues 
of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to such 
Reset Period;  
"Reference Bond Quotation" means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset Determination 
Date:

--- Page 84 ---
72 
 
 
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered yields for the relevant Reference Bond provided to the 
Calculation Agent by such Reset Reference Bank at approximately the Relevant (Reset) Time 
on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate 
of the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield-to-maturity based on the secondary 
market bid price of the relevant Reset U.S. Treasury Security as determined by the Reset 
Reference Bank at approximately the Relevant (Reset) Time on the Business Day following 
such Reset Determination Date;  
"Relevant (Reset) Time" shall mean approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency, or such other time as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other page, section 
or other part as may replace it on the relevant information service or such other information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) comparable to the Reset Reference Rate; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
First Reset Date; in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second 
Reset Date; and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to 
the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period;  
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be;  
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in 
relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined on the basis of the Reference 
Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at approximately:  
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Relevant (Reset) Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Relevant (Reset) Time on the Business Day following such Reset Determination Date. 
If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond 
Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference 
Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be:  
(i) 
in the case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period: 
(a) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Previous Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Reset Reference Rate in respect of the 
immediately preceding Reset Period; or

--- Page 85 ---
73 
 
 
(b) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Last Observable Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, (i) if Reference Bond is specified as the 
Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the last observable bid and offered 
yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the Relevant Screen Page; or (ii) if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the last observable Original Reset 
Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant 
maturity" for a period of maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 under the caption "Treasury constant 
maturities (nominal)", as that yield is displayed on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the First Reset Period: 
(a) 
if Initial Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the First Reset Period Fallback Yield; or 
(b) 
if Last Observable Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, (i) if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the last observable bid and offered yields of the relevant 
Reference Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant 
Screen Page; or (ii) if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the last observable Original Reset Reference Rate Payment 
Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for a period of maturity 
which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as 
published in H.15 under the caption "Treasury constant maturities (nominal)", as that 
yield is displayed on the Relevant Screen Page; 
provided that: 
(A) 
if the application of sub-paragraph (i)(b) or (ii)(b), as applicable, in the determination of the 
Issuer (such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed 
by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer, upon which the Trustee may rely 
without liability or enquiry to any person), could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) of the relevant 
Series of Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities, then sub-paragraph (i)(a) or (ii)(a), as applicable, 
above will apply; and 
(B) 
(to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) if the application of sub-
paragraph (i)(b) or (ii)(b), as applicable, could, in the determination of the Issuer (such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two 
directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer, upon which the Trustee may rely without 
liability or enquiry to any person), reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator 
treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, then sub-paragraph (i)(a) or 
(ii)(a), as applicable, above will apply;

--- Page 86 ---
74 
 
 
"Reset Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of five major banks:  
(a) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
which are primary government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues in the Specified Currency; or 
(b) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, which 
are primary U.S. Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues determined in U.S. dollars, as published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s 
Website (as defined in Condition 4(c)(ii)(B) below),  
in each case, as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute; 
"Reset Reference Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date: 
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
of the bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant (Reset) 
Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page at such Relevant (Reset) 
Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms and if the 
Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) which is 
equal to: 
(a) 
the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities 
at "constant maturity" for a period of maturity which is equal or comparable to the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 under the caption 
"Treasury constant maturities (nominal)", as that yield is displayed on such Reset 
Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (a) above is not published on the Relevant Screen 
Page on such Reset Determination Date, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment 
Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" having a period to 
maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period as 
published in H.15 under the caption "Treasury constant maturities (nominal)" on such 
Reset Determination Date; or  
(c) 
if neither the yield referred to in paragraph (a) above nor the yield referred to in 
paragraph (b) above is published on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date, 
(iii) 
in each case, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 87 ---
75 
 
 
"Reset U.S. Treasury Security" means, on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the U.S. Treasury 
Security selected by the Issuer: 
(i) 
with an original term to maturity upon issue of approximately the duration of the relevant Reset 
Period and a remaining term to maturity of not less than one year less than the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
which is in a principal amount equal to at least U.S.$1,000,000,000; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date;  
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on (or, if applicable, in respect of) the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin, with such sum being converted (if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis to a basis which 
matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes (such calculation 
to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it); and  
"U.S. Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations of the United States Treasury, 
issued other than on a discount basis.  
(ii) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date 
(or, as the case may be, any other day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due) falling in 
such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Notes) and any stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for 
the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
in London. 
(iii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b) by the 
Calculation Agent or for determining the Reset Reference Rate, as applicable, shall (in the absence 
of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Holders of the Notes and (in the 
absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 88 ---
76 
 
 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an "Interest 
Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Accrual Period (as defined below). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(aa) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(c)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(bb) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(cc) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(dd) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions:  
"Business Day" means, unless otherwise provided in these Conditions: 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System (as defined below)) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 89 ---
77 
 
 
(2) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System or any successor or replacement for that system (the "TARGET2 
System") is open; and 
(3) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; 
"Interest Accrual Period" means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in respect of 
which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to 
(but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the Notes become 
due and payable in accordance with Condition 6, shall be the date on which such Notes become due 
and payable); and 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.  
(ii) 
Rate of Interest  
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Reference Rate other than SOFR Index  
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is not SOFR Index, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(I) 
the offered quotation; or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(A)(I), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4(c)(ii)(A)(II), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case

--- Page 90 ---
78 
 
 
may be, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with an offered quotation 
as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (at 
the request of the Issuer) the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case 
may be, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Eurozone interbank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR) or the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference 
Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case 
may be, with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, it is quoting 
to leading banks in the Eurozone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the 
interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(ii)(A): 
"Interest Determination Date" shall mean the date specified as such in the Final Terms or if 
none is so specified: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is the Eurozone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), the second 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate ("STIBOR"), the second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate ("NIBOR"), the Second 
Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period;

--- Page 91 ---
79 
 
 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate ("CIBOR"), the first 
day of each Interest Period; 
(v) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate ("TIBOR"), the second Tokyo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(vi) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"), the first day 
of each Interest Period. 
"Reference Bank" shall mean, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone interbank market and, in the case of a 
determination of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of four major banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, 
in each case selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
repute. 
"Reference Rate" shall mean (i) EURIBOR, (ii) STIBOR, (iii) NIBOR, (iv) CIBOR, (v) TIBOR, 
or (vi) HIBOR, in each case for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" shall mean Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
Stockholm, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, Oslo, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR Copenhagen, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, Tokyo, in the case of a 
determination of TIBOR and Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" (save where expressly defined otherwise) has the meaning specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on 
the relevant information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" shall mean (i) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case of STIBOR, 
11.00 a.m., (iii) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, (iv) in the case of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (v) 
in the case of TIBOR, 11.00 a.m., and (vi) in the case of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m., in each case in 
the Relevant Financial Centre, or such other time as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for SOFR Index Floating Rate Notes  
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is SOFR Index, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be equal to the Compounded SOFR rate on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In this Condition 4(c)(ii)(B): 
"Compounded SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage rate 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 92 ---
80 
 
 
   
 
where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR Index 
value on the day which falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR Index 
value on the day which falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the payment date relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
"SOFR Index" means, with respect to a U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
the value of the SOFR Index published on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such value appears on the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York’s Website at the Relevant Time; or 
(2) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the 
Relevant Time, then: 
i. 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each as defined in Condition 4(f)) have not 
occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be 
the rate determined pursuant to the provisions below; or 
ii. 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, then 
Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 4(f); 
"SOFR" means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided on the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York’s Website; 
"dc" means, with respect to an Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date that falls p U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days before each Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any other day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and 
including) the day that falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the first day 
in such Interest Accrual Period, to (but excluding) the day that falls p U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days before the relevant payment date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"p" means five, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 93 ---
81 
 
 
"Relevant Time" shall mean 3.00 p.m. in New York City, or such other time as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which, due to a recommendation of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or its successor), the fixed income departments of its members are closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If on any Interest Determination Date a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published and 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined 
in Condition 4(f)) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, "Compounded SOFR" means, for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on 
a daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR 
Averages, 
and 
definitions 
required 
for 
such 
formula, 
published 
at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information 
(or 
any 
successor source). For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall be replaced with 
"Observation Period" and the words "that is, 30-, 90- or 180- calendar days" shall be removed. 
If the daily SOFR ("SOFRi") does not so appear for any day "i" in the Observation Period, 
SOFRi for such day "i" shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York’s Website. 
(C) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be 
the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph(C), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) 
if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes or (ii) if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published or (if applicable) as amended and 
updated by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the relevant definitions, 
the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(II) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(III) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.

--- Page 94 ---
82 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary, neither the Principal Paying 
Agent nor the Calculation Agent will have any obligation to exercise any discretion (including 
in determining EURIBOR or the fallback rate). To the extent the ISDA Definitions requires the 
Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, to exercise any 
such discretion, the Issuer will provide written direction to the Principal Paying Agent and/or 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, specifying how such discretion should be exercised 
and the Principal Paying Agent and/or Calculation Agent, as the case may be, will be entitled 
to conclusively rely on that direction and will be fully protected if it acts in accordance 
therewith. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(c): 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Accrual Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Accrual Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Accrual Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365;

--- Page 95 ---
83 
 
 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls;

--- Page 96 ---
84 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Accrual Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(v), "Designated Maturity" means, (a) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity, as referred to in Condition 4(c)(ii)(C).

--- Page 97 ---
85 
 
 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any other day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due) to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Notes) and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any other day 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due) so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 15. For the purposes of this paragraph, 
the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(c) by the 
Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Holders of the 
Notes and (in the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall 
attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Calculation Agent will be appointed in place of the Principal 
Paying Agent for the purposes of calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) as 
aforesaid, references in this Condition 4(c) to the Principal Paying Agent shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be construed as references to such Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue thereon (as well after as before any 
demand or judgment) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of the Notes or such other 
rate as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms until the date on which, upon (except in the 
case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a 
precondition of payment) due presentation of the relevant Note, the relevant payment is made or, if 
earlier (except in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note 
is not required as a precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar having received the funds required 
to make such payment, notice is given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 of that 
circumstance (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the 
relevant Holder). 
(e) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser

--- Page 98 ---
86 
 
 
This Condition 4(e) applies only if "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser" is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser: If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(e)(b)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 4(e)(c)) and/or any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(e)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(e) shall act in good faith and 
(in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents or the Holders for any determination made by it or 
for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, 
pursuant to this Condition 4(e). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(e)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 4(e)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining 
the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(e) and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or 
the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(e)(f), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Holders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust 
Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent 
of a certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer, upon which

--- Page 99 ---
87 
 
 
the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent may rely without liability or enquiry to any person, 
pursuant to Condition 4(e)(f), the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall (at the expense of 
the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, be obliged to 
concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee and 
Principal Paying Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided 
that the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion 
of the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent doing so would impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend 
the protective provisions and/or rights afforded to the Trustee and/or the Principal Paying 
Agent (as applicable) in these Conditions, the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any supplemental trust deed) or the Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any supplemental agency agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(e)(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(e), no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendments to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer and to the extent applicable to the relevant 
Notes at the relevant time, the same could reasonably be expected to:  
(i) 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed 
by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer (upon which certificate 
the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without liability); or 
(ii) 
result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset 
Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the 
Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the 
Issuer (upon which certificate the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without 
liability). 
(e) 
Failure to appoint an Independent Adviser: If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser in accordance with this Condition 4(e), the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, may still determine (i) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments in 
accordance with this Condition 4(e) (with the relevant provisions in this Condition 4(e) applying 
mutatis mutandis to allow such determinations to be made by the Issuer without consultation 
with an Independent Adviser). 
Where this Condition 4(e)(e) applies, without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the 
purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Issuer will take into account any relevant 
and applicable market precedents and customary market usage as well as any published 
guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or 
protocols in the international debt capital markets. 
(f) 
Notices, etc: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(e) will be notified promptly

--- Page 100 ---
88 
 
 
by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 15, the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two directors 
or other authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(e); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if applicable) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on any certificate delivered 
pursuant to this Condition 4(e) (without enquiry or liability to any person and without the 
obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error and 
without prejudice to the Trustee’s and the Principal Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent shall not be liable to the Holders or any other such person for so acting 
or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of such person. 
(g) 
Survival of the Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer 
under Condition 4(e), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(b) and Condition 4(c)(ii)(A) will continue to apply unless and until either a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (and any associated Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments) is determined pursuant to this Condition 4(e). 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to 
elect to re-apply the provisions of Condition 4(e), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions 
until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment 
Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified (and, until such 
determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b) 
and Condition 4(c)(ii)(A) will continue to apply). 
(h) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 4(e): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of 
an Alternative Rate),

--- Page 101 ---
89 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate 
for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no such spread is 
customarily applied), 
(iii) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with Condition 4(e)(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(e)(e). 
"Benchmark Event" means:  
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
consecutive Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(5) 
an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, with effect from a date after December 31, 2021, that the Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(6) 
it has become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Issuer 
or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the 
Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from 
which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant

--- Page 102 ---
90 
 
 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own 
cost under Condition 4(e)(a). 
"Original Reference Rate" means:  
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 4(e). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference 
Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(f) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR 
This Condition 4(f) applies only if (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SOFR Index and (ii) "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
SOFR" is also specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect 
of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace 
the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time.  
If the Issuer exercises its right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes at any 
time, at the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and Principal Paying 
Agent of a certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer, 
upon which the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent may rely without liability or enquiry to any 
person, pursuant to Condition 4(f)(iv), the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall (at the

--- Page 103 ---
91 
 
 
expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, 
be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the 
Trust Deed) and the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall not be liable to any party for 
any consequences thereof, provided that the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall not be 
obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent doing so would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or protective provisions afforded to the Trustee 
in these Conditions, the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental 
trust deed) or the Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental 
agency agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in accordance 
with this Condition 4(f)(ii), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(f), no Benchmark Replacement will be 
adopted nor will any other amendments to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be 
made to effect the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer and to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the 
relevant time, the same could reasonably be expected to:  
(a) 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed 
by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer (upon which certificate 
the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without liability); or 
(b) 
result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by 
two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer (upon which certificate the 
Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without liability). 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(f), including (A) any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection and (B) for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, will be conclusive 
and binding (in the absence of manifest error) and subject as provided in this Condition 4(f)), 
may be made in the Issuer’s sole discretion, and, subject as provided in this Condition 4(f), 
shall become effective without consent from any other party. 
(iv) 
Notices, etc: Any Benchmark Replacement and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes determined under this Condition 4(f) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two directors or other 
authorised signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 104 ---
92 
 
 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, (ii) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and (iii) 
where applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 4(f); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if applicable) are 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of the relevant Benchmark Replacement. 
The Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on any certificate delivered 
pursuant to this Condition 4(f) (without enquiry or liability to any person and without the 
obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s and the Principal Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent shall not be liable to the Holders or any other such person for so acting or relying 
on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of such person. 
(v) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 4(f): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-
current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 105 ---
93 
 
 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of "Interest Accrual Period", timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event" the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event" the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over

--- Page 106 ---
94 
 
 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from 
time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from 
time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the Relevant Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not 
Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary, neither the Principal Paying 
Agent nor the Calculation Agent will have any obligation to exercise any discretion (including 
in determining EURIBOR or the fallback rate). To the extent the ISDA Definitions requires the 
Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, to exercise any 
such discretion, the Issuer will provide written direction to the Principal Paying Agent and/or 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, specifying how such discretion should be exercised 
and the Principal Paying Agent and/or Calculation Agent, as the case may be, will be entitled 
to conclusively rely on that direction and will be fully protected if it acts in accordance 
therewith. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity

--- Page 107 ---
95 
 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Subject to Condition 5(i) below, if: 
(A) 
(i) 
in relation to any Series of Notes, a Withholding Tax Event occurs; or  
(ii) 
in relation to any Series of Notes where "Tax Event Call" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Tax Event occurs; 
and  
(B) 
both a Tax Certificate and a Tax Opinion have been addressed and delivered to the Trustee 
by the Issuer, 
the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the 
relevant Series at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(d) below together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided that:  
(a) 
notice is given by the Issuer to the Trustee and the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ prior to redemption;  
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes only, redemption is to be on an Interest Payment Date; and 
(c) 
where the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 in 
respect of any payment due in respect of the Notes, then no such notice of redemption may 
be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, a number of days which 
is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within the then current interest period 
applicable to the Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts. 
Any such notice of redemption given in accordance with this Condition 5(b) shall be irrevocable. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to accept any Tax Certificate or Tax Opinion as sufficient evidence that 
the circumstances referred to therein prevail and that the events described in (A)(i) and/or (A)(ii) above 
have occurred, in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Holders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b): 
"Change in Tax Law" means: 
(a) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations 
thereunder) of any Taxing Jurisdiction affecting taxation; 
(b) 
any governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(c) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the official position or interpretation of such 
law, treaty (or regulation thereunder) or governmental action or any pronouncement that 
provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or regulation thereunder) or 
governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each 
case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body, irrespective of

--- Page 108 ---
96 
 
 
the manner in which such amendment, change, action, interpretation, pronouncement or 
decision is made known; 
"Tax Certificate" means a certificate signed by two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer stating 
that, as of its date, the circumstances constituting a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event (as the case may 
be) are prevailing and describing the facts leading thereto; 
a "Tax Event" shall occur if, as a result of a Change in Tax Law of the Taxing Jurisdiction which becomes 
effective or is announced on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 in respect 
of taxes, duties, governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the Notes or any 
payments thereunder;  
(b) 
to the extent (prior to the relevant Change in Tax Law) the Issuer was entitled to claim a 
deduction in respect of the Notes in computing its taxation liabilities, the Issuer is no longer, 
or will no longer be, entitled to claim a deduction in respect of payments in respect of the 
Notes in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of any such deduction would be 
reduced); or 
(c) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to the Notes as 
reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will 
not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to additional taxes, duties or 
governmental charges or civil liabilities; 
"Tax Opinion" means an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing and experienced in 
such matters stating that, as of its date, the circumstances constituting a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event 
(as the case may be) are prevailing; 
"Taxing Jurisdiction" means the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or 
agency therein or thereof having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax in which the Issuer is treated as having a 
permanent establishment under the income tax laws of such jurisdiction; and 
a "Withholding Tax Event" shall occur if, in respect of any payment of principal or interest of the Notes, as a 
result of a Change in Tax Law of the Taxing Jurisdiction which becomes effective or is announced on or after 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes, the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts as 
provided in Condition 7. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to Condition 5(i) below, if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent (copied to the other Paying Agents, in the case of Bearer 
Notes) and the Registrar (copied to the Principal Paying Agent and the Transfer Agents, in 
the case of Registered Notes); 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption

--- Page 109 ---
97 
 
 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount 
not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, 
in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), as the case may be, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a 
global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 15 not less than 15 days (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed 
for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5(b) above and Condition 6, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency 
other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal 
amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360); or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and

--- Page 110 ---
98 
 
 
repayable and the denominator will be 360); or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 365). 
(e) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its consolidated subsidiaries may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise, subject to (to the extent applicable to the 
relevant Notes at the relevant time) (i) the Applicable MREL Regulations in force at the relevant time, 
(ii) the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations) and (iii) applicable law and regulation. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at 
the discretion of the Issuer, surrendered to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, for cancellation. 
In these Conditions: 
"Relevant Regulator" means (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) the Swedish 
National Debt Office or such other authority tasked with matters relating to the qualification of securities of the 
Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, under the Applicable MREL Regulations. 
(f) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together, in the case of Definitive Bearer 
Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time 
of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 
5(e) above (together, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(g) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 5(a), 5(b) or 5(c) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 6 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 5(d)(iii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the Late Payment Date. 
"Late Payment Date" means the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
(h) 
Redemption upon occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 5(h) applies only in the case of Notes where this Condition 5(h) is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and references to "Notes" and "Holders" in this Condition 5(h) 
shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 111 ---
99 
 
 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to 
Condition 5(i), give notice to (i) the Trustee and (ii) the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) that all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the 
relevant Series shall be redeemed: 
(a) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not 
less than 15 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the period 
of not less than 15 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (2) if there is no 
Interest Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the first Interest Payment Date to occur after 
the expiry of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at their principal amount or at such other amount as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together (in each case) with accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in any 
Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, 
it is likely that the Notes will be fully excluded or partially excluded from the "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent 
or successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable 
MREL Regulations) if the Issuer or the Group is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL 
Requirement, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two 
directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer, provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not 
occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than 
any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any 
applicable limits on the amount of "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed 
to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, under Applicable MREL Regulations. 
"MREL Requirement" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be. 
(i) 
Conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation 
No early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation as contemplated by this Condition 5 of Notes 
may be made without the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required at the 
relevant time by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
(j) 
Substitution or Variation 
This Condition 5(j) applies only where this Condition 5(j) is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and references to "Notes" in this Condition 5(j) shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time: (i) a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing; (ii) a Withholding Tax Event 
occurs and is continuing; (iii) where "Tax Event Call" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Tax Event occurs and is continuing; or (iv) in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18(f), the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5(i) (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Holders or, subject as provided below, the Trustee) on giving not less

--- Page 112 ---
100 
 
 
than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice to (i) the Trustee and (ii) the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
for, or vary the terms of the Notes and/or the terms of the Trust Deed so that or provided that (as the 
case may be) they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined below) or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined below), as the case may be. 
The Trustee shall (at the request and expense of the Issuer) agree to the substitution of the Notes for, 
or the variation of the terms of the Notes so that or provided that (as the case may be) they remain or, 
as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities 
or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities, as the case 
may be, as aforesaid, provided that (i) the Trustee receives the certificate in the form described in the 
definition of Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities in 
accordance with the provisions thereof, and (ii) the terms of the proposed Senior Preferred Qualifying 
Securities or Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or the agreement to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, would not impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations 
upon it or reduce its protections or expose it to any liability. 
The Trustee shall not be liable for any such substitution or variation, as the case may be, or any 
consequences thereof. 
In these Conditions:  
"Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
(other than in respect of (i) the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f) and (ii) 
paragraph (4) below) have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders as a class than 
the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, after 
having consulted an independent third party financial adviser of international standing, and 
provided that a certification to such effect of two directors or other authorised signatories of 
the Issuer, upon which the Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person, shall 
have been delivered to the Trustee not less than five Business Days prior to (i) in the case of 
a substitution of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in 
the case of a variation of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such variation, as the case may 
be), provided that they shall (1) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) 
have the same redemption rights and obligations as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, including, but not limited to, as to timing 
and amount, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to "eligible liabilities" (or 
any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations, (5) 
preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date, (6) where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes which have been 
substituted or varied had a solicited credit rating immediately prior to their substitution or 
variation, be assigned a solicited credit rating equal to or higher than (i) the solicited credit 
rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to their substitution or variation or 
(ii) where the solicited credit rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was, as a result of 
Condition 18(f) becoming ineffective and/or unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution 
or variation, the solicited credit rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to 
such amendment, and (7) not include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-

--- Page 113 ---
101 
 
 
offs, write-downs or conversion to equity, unless the triggers are objective and measurable; 
and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer and approved by 
the Trustee. 
"Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(a) 
(other than in respect of (i) the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f) and (ii) 
paragraph (4) below) have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders as a class than 
the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, after having 
consulted an independent third party financial adviser of international standing, and provided 
that a certification to such effect of two directors or other authorised signatories of the Issuer, 
upon which the Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person, shall have been 
delivered to the Trustee not less than five Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution 
of the Senior Preferred Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a 
variation of the Senior Preferred Notes, such variation, as the case may be), provided that 
they shall (1) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred 
Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same 
redemption rights and obligations as the Senior Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, including, but not limited to, as to timing and amount, (4) comply 
with the then current requirements in relation to "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or 
successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations, (5) preserve any existing 
rights under the Senior Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in 
respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date 
of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, 
(6) where the Senior Preferred Notes which have been substituted or varied had a solicited 
credit rating immediately prior to their substitution or variation, be assigned a solicited credit 
rating equal to or higher than (i) the solicited credit rating of the Senior Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation or (ii) where the solicited credit rating of the 
Senior Preferred Notes was, as a result of Condition 18(f) becoming ineffective and/or 
unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the solicited credit rating of the 
Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such amendment, and (7) not include any loss 
absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs or conversion to equity, unless 
the triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer and approved by 
the Trustee. 
(k) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
This Condition 5(k) applies only in the case of Notes where this Condition 5(k) is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and references to "Notes" and "Holders" in this Condition 5(k) 
shall be construed accordingly. 
If the Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
originally issued have been redeemed or purchased and subsequently cancelled in accordance with 
this Condition 5, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to Condition 5(i), give notice to (i) the Trustee

--- Page 114 ---
102 
 
 
and (ii) the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable) that all (but not 
some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series shall be redeemed: 
(a) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not 
less than 15 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the period 
of not less than 15 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (2) if there is no 
Interest Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the first Interest Payment Date to occur after 
the expiry of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at their principal amount or at such other amount as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Clean-Up Call Optional Amount together (in each case) with accrued interest (if 
any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(k), any further notes, bonds or debentures issued pursuant to 
Condition 16 which are consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of any Series outstanding 
at that time will be deemed to be originally issued.  
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Clean-Up Call Minimum Percentage" means 75 per cent., 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
6. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default 
(i) 
The following shall be events of default (each an " Event of Default") in relation to the Notes 
of any Series, namely: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall default in the payment of principal in respect of any Note due and 
payable in accordance with these Conditions or the Issuer shall default in the payment 
of interest due on any Notes on an Interest Payment Date or any other date on which 
the payment of interest is compulsory and any such default continues for 15 days; or 
(B) 
a court or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Sweden (having 
jurisdiction in respect of the same) shall have instituted a proceeding or entered a 
decree or order for the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in any insolvency, 
rehabilitation, readjustment of debt, marshalling of assets and liabilities, or similar 
arrangements involving the Issuer or all or substantially all of its property and such 
proceeding, decree or order shall not have been vacated or shall have remained in 
force undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or 
(C) 
the Issuer shall file a petition to take advantage of any insolvency statute or voluntarily 
suspends payment of its obligations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a "resolution" or "moratorium" under the BRRD will not constitute 
an Event of Default. 
If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in relation to any Series of Notes, 
the Trustee may at its discretion, and if so requested by Holders of at least one-quarter in 
principal amount of the Notes of such Series then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) will, by written notice to the Issuer 
declare that such Notes are and shall, subject to the provisions set out below in this Condition

--- Page 115 ---
103 
 
 
6(a)(i), immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
all interest (if any) accrued thereon. 
If a Note becomes due and payable under this Condition 6(a)(i), the Trustee may institute 
such steps, including the obtaining of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in 
respect of the Notes, as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt 
(Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation) but not otherwise and consequently if the 
Notes become due and payable under this Condition 6(a)(i) the Issuer shall, with the prior 
consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations), only be required to make such payment after it has been declared bankrupt (Sw: 
konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation). 
(ii) 
The Trustee may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think 
fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under 
the Notes (other than, without prejudice to Condition 6(a)(i) above), any obligation for the 
payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) provided that the Issuer shall not 
by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner 
than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(iii) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Condition 6(a)(i) and 6(a)(ii) above or 
proving or claiming in the bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) or liquidation (Sw: likvidation) of the Issuer 
in the Kingdom of Sweden or elsewhere, shall be available to the Trustee or the Holders of 
Notes, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any 
breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations or undertakings under the Notes or the Trust 
Deed. For the avoidance of doubt, this does not affect the Trustee’s personal rights to be paid 
and/or indemnified. 
(b) 
Exercise of Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
The exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Notes will not be an Event of Default with respect to such Notes. 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Taxing Jurisdiction, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by 
law. In that event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by any Holder after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable by such Holder in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
in respect of any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; 
or 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant 
tax authority; or

--- Page 116 ---
104 
 
 
(iii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant Holder would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on the 
expiry of such period of 30 days.  
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means, in respect of any payment, the date 
on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys payable 
has not been received by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the first date on which the full amount of such moneys has been so received and notice to that 
effect shall have been duly given to the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any amounts to be paid with respect to any 
Note or Coupon will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to 
sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), 
any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant 
to section 1471(b) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"), and no additional amounts shall be 
payable on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
(d) 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to 
any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 7. 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen 
to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, 
at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account 
to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a Euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws, regulations or directives applicable 
thereto in the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer agrees to be subject and the Issuer 
will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the Holders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. References 
to "Specified Currency" will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Payments in Respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes (whether in definitive or global form) will be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 8(a) above to the persons in whose name such Notes are

--- Page 117 ---
105 
 
 
registered at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the Registrar is located) immediately prior to the relevant 
payment date against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due 
only, endorsement) of such Notes at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Payments of interest due on a Registered Note (whether in definitive or global form) will be made in 
the manner specified in Condition 8(a) to the person in whose name such Note is registered (i) where 
in global form, at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) prior to such due date and (ii) where 
in definitive form, at the close of business on the 15th day (whether or not such 15th day is a business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located) (the "Record Date")) prior to such due date. In the case of payments 
by cheque, cheques will be mailed to the Holder (or the first named of joint Holders) at such Holder’s 
registered address on the business day (as described above) immediately preceding the due date. 
If payment in respect of any Registered Notes is required by credit or transfer as referred to in 
Condition 8(a) above, application for such payment must be made by the Holder to the Registrar not 
later than the relevant Record Date. 
(c) 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 8(a) above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Except as provided below, all payments of interest and principal with respect to Bearer Notes will be 
made at such paying agencies outside the United States as the Issuer may appoint from time to time 
and to accounts outside the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), 
failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid 
bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon 
at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect 
of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in 
no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further

--- Page 118 ---
106 
 
 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a 
Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than 
the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Definitive Bearer Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant Definitive Bearer Note. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 9. 
(d) 
Payments in Respect of Bearer Notes in Global Form 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any bearer global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive Bearer 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant bearer global Note, where applicable, 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such bearer global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such bearer global 
Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(e) 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
The Holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the Holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note must look solely to DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
to, or to the order of, the Holder of such global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Bearer Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 119 ---
107 
 
 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
Amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect 
of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars may, at the election of the 
beneficial holder of such Note, be paid by transfer by the Registrar (or the Principal Paying Agent 
acting on the Registrar’s behalf) to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange 
Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
Holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;  
(B) 
each Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(ii) 
either (I) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (II) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Clean-Up Call Option Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5(d)); 
and

--- Page 120 ---
108 
 
 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 
or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant to 
the Trust Deed. 
9. 
Prescription 
(a) 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date therefor. 
(b) 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 8(c) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 8(c). 
10. 
Agents 
The initial Agents and their respective initial specified offices are specified below. If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series of Notes, the names of such Paying Agents 
will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer (with the prior written approval of 
the Trustee (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld)) reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint additional or other Agents provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) in a jurisdiction within 
continental Europe; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the Principal Paying 
Agent, and a Registrar and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Registrar (in the case of a Series of Registered Notes) which, if the 
Registrar originally appointed in respect of such Series had its specified office outside the 
United Kingdom, shall also have a specified office outside the United Kingdom; and 
(d) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in Condition 8(e). 
The Agents reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified offices to some other 
specified office in the same city. 
Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the Agents, will be notified promptly to the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders.

--- Page 121 ---
109 
 
 
11. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or of the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes), subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any stock exchange 
on which the Notes are listed, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses incurred in such 
replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes and Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be delivered therefor. 
12. 
Meetings of Holders, Modification and Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Holders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Holders (including by audio or video 
conference call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including (without limitation) the 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or of any provision of these Conditions or the Trust Deed. Any 
such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution (i) duly passed at any meeting of Holders or (ii) passed by way of electronic consents given 
by Holders through the relevant clearing system(s) will be binding on all Holders, whether or not they 
are present at any meeting and whether or not they had voted on the resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Trustee, the Issuer or by the Trustee upon the request in 
writing of Holders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or 
representing Holders whatever the aggregate principal amount of the Notes held or represented; 
provided, however, that certain proposals (including any proposal to change any date fixed for 
payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of payments 
under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required 
to pass an Extraordinary Resolution) may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a meeting of Holders at which one or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per 
cent or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per 
cent in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding form a quorum. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Holders, whether present or 
not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Holders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Holders under the Trust Deed will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Holders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Holders, to (i) any modification of any provision of 
the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or 
an error which is in the opinion of the Trustee proven and (ii) any other modification (except such 
modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required, as mentioned in the Trust Deed) 
and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any provision the Notes, of these 
Conditions or the Trust Deed or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of

--- Page 122 ---
110 
 
 
Default shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur 
with the Issuer without the consent of the Holders in effecting (i) any Benchmark Amendments in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(e) and any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(f) (in each case, 
including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) and (ii) 
any substitution of a Series of Notes or variation of the terms of a Series of Notes and/or the terms of 
the Trust Deed in respect thereof in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5(j). Any 
such modification, substitution, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Holders 
and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Holders as soon as 
practicable. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Holders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests 
arising from circumstances particular to individual Holders whatever their number) and, in particular 
but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual 
Holders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-
division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Holder be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual Holders except to the extent already 
provided for in Condition 7 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution 
for, Condition 7 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
Any modification to these Conditions in relation to the Notes is subject to the prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator (if such permission is required by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendments to 
the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, without the consent of the 
Holders except as provided below, to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or 
of any previously substituted company as principal debtor under the Notes, Coupons and the Trust 
Deed provided always that the Trustee is satisfied that the interests of the Holders will not be materially 
prejudiced by the substitution, and certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed are complied with. 
Any such substitution in relation to any Series of Notes is subject to the prior consent of the Relevant 
Regulator (if such consent is required by the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
13. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable (subject to Condition 6), the Trustee may, at its 
discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to 
enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it need not take any such 
proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested 
in writing by Holders holding at least one-quarter in principal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) 
it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No Holder of Notes 
or Coupons may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to 
proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. The Trustee shall not 
be obliged to make a declaration as referred to in Condition 6(a)(i) unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 123 ---
111 
 
 
14. 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the 
Issuer and any entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
15. 
Notices 
To Holders of Registered Notes 
(a) 
In the case of any Registered Notes represented by a global Note, notices shall be deemed to be 
validly given if delivered to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by 
them to the persons shown in their respective records as having interests therein. Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such delivery. 
Notices to Holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail to 
them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) at their 
respective addresses as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing and, in addition, for so 
long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules or 
by such other means as required by the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority. 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
(b) 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily 
newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if 
such publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English-language newspaper having 
general circulation in the United Kingdom approved by the Trustee or, in the case of Notes represented 
by a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, if delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective records as having 
interests therein. Provided that, in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading 
by another relevant authority and if the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, 
such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules or by such other means as required by the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the date of first such publication) or, as the case may be, on the date of 
such delivery. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to 
the Holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
To the Issuer 
(c) 
Notices to the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to the Issuer at its official address 
registered with the Swedish Companies Office from time to time, for the attention of the Head of Group 
Treasury, and will be deemed to have been validly given at the opening of business on the next day 
on which the Issuer’s principal office is open for business.

--- Page 124 ---
112 
 
 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Notes of any Series create 
and issue further notes, bonds or debentures having the same terms and conditions as the Notes of 
such Series in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price, the first payment 
of interest, if any, on them and the date from which interest starts to accrue) and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of such Series. 
17. 
Currency Indemnity 
The currency in which the Notes are denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the "Contractual Currency") is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, including damages. Any amount received or recovered 
in a currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a 
judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any Holder of a Note or a Coupon in 
respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the 
Issuer to the extent of the amount in the Contractual Currency which such Holder is able to purchase 
with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery 
(or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable 
to do so). If that amount is less than the amount in the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to 
any Holder of a Note or a Coupon in respect of such Note or Coupon the Issuer shall indemnify such 
Holder against any loss sustained by such Holder as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify 
each such Holder against any cost of making such purchase which is reasonably incurred. These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence 
granted by any Holder of a Note or a Coupon and shall continue in full force and effect despite any 
judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due in respect of the 
Notes or any judgment or order. Any such loss aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss suffered 
by the relevant Holder of a Note or a Coupon and no proof or evidence of any actual loss will be 
required by the Issuer. 
18. 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed, all matters arising from or 
connected with them and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except that the provisions in the 
Notes under Condition 3 and Clause 3 of the Trust Deed are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Swedish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders that the courts of 
England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from or connected 
with the Notes (including a Dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts referred to in Condition 18(b) are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue that any 
other courts are more appropriate or convenient. 
(d) 
Rights of Holders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 18(b) is for the benefit of the Trustee 
and the Holders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 18 prevents the Trustee or any Holder from 
taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") (including any Proceedings relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Trust Deed) in any

--- Page 125 ---
113 
 
 
other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee and the Holders may take 
concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered in connection with any Proceedings in England, to Business Sweden, The Swedish Trade & 
Invest Council at its office at 5 Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG, United Kingdom. If such 
person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on the Issuer’s behalf, 
the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Holder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the specified office of the Trustee, appoint a further person in England to accept service 
of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Holder shall be entitled to 
appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
specified office of the Trustee. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Holder to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and 
to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(f) 
Acknowledgement of Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers: Notwithstanding and to the 
exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or understanding 
between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 18(f), includes each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each Holder acknowledges 
and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Swedish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the 
following, or a combination thereof: 
(I) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(II) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and 
the issue to or conferral on the Holder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes; 
(III) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(IV) 
the amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers or the date from which the Swedish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers shall be effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15 without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity and enforceability of the Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers nor the 
effects on the Notes described in this Condition.

--- Page 126 ---
114 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 18(f): 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts (as described in Condition 7) due on the Notes. References 
to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been 
paid, prior to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Swedish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer; and 
"Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Sweden, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to the Resolution Act (Lagen 
(2015:1016 om resolution)) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules 
and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of 
the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
19. 
Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act.

--- Page 127 ---
115 
 
 
7. 
Use and Estimated Net Amounts of Proceeds 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, be applied/allocated by the Issuer as follows: 
(a) 
where "General Business Purposes" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general 
business purposes; 
(b) 
where "Green Bonds" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets (as defined below and as amended from time to time);  
(c) 
where "Social Bonds" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Social Assets (as defined below and as amended from time to time); 
or 
(d) 
where "Sustainability Bonds" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to finance or refinance, 
in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets.  
The Eligible Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets fulfil the criteria (the "Eligibility Criteria") as 
summarised below and set out in the Issuer's Sustainable Funding Framework, as amended from time 
to time (the "Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework") and available on the Issuer's website 
(https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE125851649). For the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in, or accessible through, 
the Issuer's website is not incorporated by reference, and does not constitute part of, this Base 
Prospectus.  
The estimated net amount of proceeds of each Tranche of Notes will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Eligibility Criteria 
The Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework's "Eligibility Criteria" are intended to provide environmental 
or social benefits and promote the transition to low-carbon, climate resilient and sustainable economies 
through loans and investments in Nordic and Baltic countries in one or more of the areas set out in the 
Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework ("Eligible Green Assets" and "Eligible Social Assets", 
respectively). The Eligible Green Assets and "Eligible Social Assets provided for in the Swedbank Sustainable 
Funding Framework current at the date hereof are summarised below: 
Eligible Green Assets 
 
Renewable energy projects, including the production and development of, and related infrastructure 
and technologies from, wind energy, solar energy, ocean energy, hydro energy (excluding large 
hydropower plants) and pumped storage facilities. 
 
Energy efficiency projects from renewable sources or alternatively combined sources with life-cycle 
emissions below 100gCO2e/kWh (including energy transfer and energy storage), energy efficiency 
technologies (such as efficient appliances and smart meters, energy efficient machinery and products 
or services that increase the energy efficiency of industrial/utility processes) and district 
heating/cooling. 
 
Green buildings, including (i) new residential or commercial buildings that meet a defined energy 
performance classification, earn certain recognised third-party environmental certifications or, for 
buildings larger than 5000m2, have a demonstrated life-cycle global warming potential and upon

--- Page 128 ---
116 
 
 
completion undergo testing for airtightness and thermal control; (ii) ownership or acquisition of existing 
residential or commercial buildings built before 2021 which meet certain specified criteria; and (iii) 
property upgrades of either residential or commercial buildings that meet certain specified criteria. 
 
Sustainable management of living natural resources and land use, including sustainable management 
of forestry that meets certain recognised third-party environmental standards and sustainable land use 
and biodiversity conservation. 
 
Pollution prevention and control, including sustainable waste management such as recycling, biogas 
production of organic waste, incineration of non-recyclable municipal waste and forest biomass from 
forests that meet certain recognised third-party environmental standards. 
 
Sustainable water and wastewater management that increases water-use efficiency, water recycling 
and reuse, including water saving systems and technologies and water metering, water treatment 
facilities, activities and technologies that increase water quality, sanitation facilities, upgrades to 
wastewater treatment plants to remove nutrients and wastewater discharge infrastructure.  
 
Clean transportation, including passenger and public transport vehicles with zero tailpipe emissions 
or low-carbon vehicles, freight (excluding systems and infrastructure used primarily for the 
transportation of fossil fuels) with zero-direct tailpipe carbon dioxide emissions or low-emissions and 
infrastructure that is required for zero direct emissions transport or dedicated to urban and suburban 
public passenger transport.  
 
Climate change adaptation, including in respect of renewable energy (such as investments in resilient 
water dams for adapting to water stress, water shortage and water surplus), green buildings (such as 
flood defence, stormwater management systems, green roofs and walls and resilient buildings in high-
risk environments), natural resources (such as alternative pest control, forest fire risk prevention, 
infrastructure and equipment) and transportation (acute and preventative measures for transport 
infrastructure for adapting to changed weather patterns).  
Eligible Social Assets 
 
Employment generation in socioeconomically weak areas or rural areas with above average 
unemployment rates and supporting businesses and individuals in the case of extraordinary 
circumstances (such as natural disasters, pandemics or other crises).  
 
Affordable housing, including improving access to affordable mortgages to low-income families, first 
time homeowners and youth, and improving access to affordable rental housing.  
 
Socioeconomic advancement and empowerment, including empowering activities aiming to reduce 
inequality in the areas of diversity, inclusion and gender, and/or protecting the rights of beneficiaries, 
strengthening entrepreneurship through financing female-operated, managed or majority owned small 
to medium-sized enterprises and advancing residential life in socio-economically weak areas through 
refurbishment and improvement of residential properties and surrounding areas. 
 
Access to essential services - education and healthcare, including public, non-profit, free or subsidised 
services, activities or business operations solving, enabling and promoting access to education or 
healthcare. 
ISS ESG has evaluated the Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework and issued a second-party opinion 
on the Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework (the "Second-Party Opinion") and (among other matters) 
its alignment with the International Capital Markets Association Green Bond Principles 2021, Social Bond 
Principles 2021 and Sustainable Bond Guidelines 2021. The Second-Party Opinion is available on the Issuer's

--- Page 129 ---
117 
 
 
website at: Second Party Opinion (SPO) - Sustainability Quality of the Issuer and Sustainable Financing 
Framework of Swedbank. 
Any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer's website and the information in the Swedbank 
Sustainable Funding Framework or the Second-Party Opinion is not incorporated by reference, and does not 
constitute part of, this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any 
investment decision with respect to any Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds. 
Eligible Green Asset and Eligible Social Asset Evaluation and Selection Process 
Swedbank's business units select potential Eligible Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets and prepare 
applications with supporting documentation for submission to Swedbank's Group Sustainability department. 
Group Sustainability then performs a sustainability analysis for each application to determine whether the 
relevant asset satisfies the Eligibility Criteria. If approved by Group Sustainability, the application is then 
submitted to Swedbank's Sustainable Bond Committee. The Sustainable Bond Committee, chaired by the 
Head of Group Sustainability and comprising representatives from relevant functions such as Group Risk, 
Group Treasury, LC&I, Swedish Banking (Retail) and Baltic Banking, is responsible for final approval of Eligible 
Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets. 
Management of Proceeds 
Once an Eligible Green Asset or Eligible Social Asset has been approved by the Sustainable Bond Committee, 
it is registered in Swedbank's sustainable asset register (the "Sustainable Asset Register"). Group Treasury 
monitors the Sustainable Asset Register on a quarterly basis to ensure that all proceeds from any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bond issuances are allocated to a corresponding amount of Eligible 
Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets. For any Green, Bonds Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to be 
issued, the Sustainable Assets Register must have identified and determined a volume of Eligible Green 
Assets or Eligible Social Assets (as applicable) at least amounting to the intended issuance size. Proceeds of 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may be reallocated to other Eligible Green Assets or 
Eligible Social Assets during the term of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, 
including in the event that the original Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets are no longer in the 
Sustainable Assets Register. 
If there are no Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets (as applicable) available, Swedbank will 
temporarily invest the excess proceeds in accordance with its internal sustainability policy framework and 
liquidity reserve requirements. 
Reporting 
Swedbank will, at least on an annual basis and until the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds have matured, publish an allocation report (a "Use of Proceeds Report") and an impact report (the 
"Impact Report"), which will be available on the Issuer's website; the most recent Impact Report, which also 
includes the Use of Proceeds Report is available here (download (swedbank.se)). For the avoidance of doubt, 
any information contained in, or accessible through, the Issuer's website is not incorporated by reference, and 
does not constitute part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Each Use of Proceeds Report will, amongst other things, detail the total amount of Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds issued and the allocation of proceeds within each category of Eligible Green Assets 
and/or Eligible Social Assets, as applicable. 
Each Impact Report will include details on the environmental or social outputs of the Sustainable Asset 
Register (the financed Eligible Green or Eligible Social Assets on portfolio level).

--- Page 130 ---
118 
 
 
Swedbank will also engage an independent external auditor to review the Use of Proceeds Report to provide 
limited assurance on the allocation of proceeds conformity to the Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework. 
Its report will be available on the Issuer's website. 
The Swedbank Sustainable Funding Framework is subject to change in all respects at any time without notice. 
Any third party reports (for example, the limited assurance report referred to above), may be withdrawn or the 
engagement of such third party may be discontinued at any time. In addition, neither Swedbank nor the Dealers 
make any assurance or representation as to (i) whether the Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets 
will meet the relevant environmental, social and/or sustainability criteria or the expectations of investors 
regarding environmental impact and sustainability performance, (ii) whether the net proceeds of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds will be capable of being applied in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms or (iii) the specific characteristics 
of the Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets, as applicable. See "Risk Factors— In respect of 
any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" and/or 
"Sustainability Bonds", there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor."

--- Page 131 ---
119 
 
 
8. 
Swedbank  
8.1 
Overview 
Swedbank is a public limited liability bank company (Sw: Bankaktiebolag) incorporated under the laws 
of the Kingdom of Sweden and headquartered in Stockholm. It has its registered office at SE-105 34 
Stockholm, with its head office at Landsvägen 40, 172 63 Sundbyberg and its telephone number is 
+46 (0)8 5859 0000. It has been registered in the Swedish Companies Registration Office in Sundsvall 
under registration number 502017-7753. Swedbank’s shares are listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. 
Swedbank was incorporated on April 24, 1942. 
As of December 31, 2022, the Group served a total of over seven million private customers and 
550,000 corporate customers and organisations through approximately 400 branches, primarily in its 
four home markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. This includes customers reached 
through 58 associated independent savings banks that collaborate with Swedbank. The terms of such 
collaboration are governed by a common framework agreement which is agreed with the national 
association of savings banks, Sparbankernas Riksförbund, with each savings bank signing up to this 
agreement individually. During 2022, eight branches were closed in Sweden, mainly due to changing 
customer behaviour where customers chose to interact with the Group digitally instead of visiting 
branch offices.  
The Group offers a broad range of products and services, including retail banking, corporate and 
investment banking, asset management and insurance products, and the majority of the Group’s 
income in 2022 derived from its Swedish banking services. As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s 
loans to customers, amounted to SEK 1,799 billion. The Group recorded SEK 31,806 million in profit 
before impairments, the Swedish bank tax and resolution fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 
and SEK 26,834 million in profit before impairments, the Swedish bank tax and resolution fees for the 
year ended December 31 2021. Credit impairments for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted 
to SEK 1,479 million. Net profit attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank for the year ended 
December 31, 2022 amounted to SEK 21,877 million and SEK 20,871 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Group had 16,803 full-time employees. As of 
December 31, 2022, the Group had a ROE of 13.3 per cent, a cost/income ratio of 0.4 and a LCR of 
160 per cent.  
The Group has a history dating back to 1820 when the first savings bank was founded in Sweden. In 
the early 1990s, each of Sparbanken Sverige and Föreningsbanken was merged with a number of 
regional savings banks and regional agricultural co-operative banks, respectively. In 1997, 
Sparbanken 
Sverige 
and 
Föreningsbanken 
merged 
to 
form 
FöreningsSparbanken. 
FöreningsSparbanken changed its name to Swedbank in 2006. Swedbank expanded its operations 
into the Baltic countries (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania) in 1996 when it acquired a 12.5 per cent. stake 
in Eesti Hoiupank, a bank that merged with Hansabank in 1998. In 1999, Swedbank acquired 
additional shares, resulting in a 50 per cent. ownership of the shares in Hansabank and, in 2005, 
acquired all outstanding shares in Hansabank (now Swedbank AS). The Group consists of four 
business segments: Swedish Banking, Baltic Banking, LC&I and Group Functions & Other.  
8.2 
Strategy 
Swedbank’s strategy is to provide sustainable value creation for its customers, owners and society. 
Swedbank focuses on sustainable value creation for its stakeholders and aims for a competitive return 
on invested capital, solid risk management and compliance, employee engagement, availability 24/7, 
financially sound and sustainable society and competitive customer satisfaction and brand trust.

--- Page 132 ---
120 
 
 
8.2.1 
A financially sound and sustainable society 
We take our role as a major player in the financial market very seriously. Conducting sustainable 
business and promoting economically, socially and environmentally sustainable development 
influences everything we do. We also have a major responsibility to facilitate the green transition and 
reduce our own impact on the climate.  
8.2.2 
Customer satisfaction and brand trust 
We create customer value by providing our customers with relevant products and services based on 
their needs. Delivering a high level of customer value is critical for sustainable profitability as well as 
for customer satisfaction, trust and the choice of Swedbank as a financial partner.  
8.2.3 
24/7 availability  
It is our goal to always be there to help our customers when they need us. We continuously work to 
maintain a stable infrastructure and reliable digital performance to ensure that products and services 
are available when needed.  
8.2.4 
Engaged employees  
Engaged and proud employees create a better customer experience and therefore more satisfied 
customers. Our ambition is to be an attractive employer by offering healthy, sustainable working 
conditions together with an inclusive work environment that reflects our values.  
8.2.5 
Solid risk management and compliance  
Stable and sound risk management affects all parts of our operations and helps us to make well 
informed sound decision in relation to risk, return and market situation. This is important to maintain 
the trust of customers, investors and regulators and to remain a stable participant in the financial 
system. In this way we are able, through deposits from the public and capital markets funding, to 
continue to lend money to households and businesses at competitive prices, even in times of economic 
slowdown.  
8.2.6 
Competitive return on investment with market-leading cost efficiency  
A sustainable bank is a profitable bank. We create value for our shareholders through long term, 
profitable growth and efficiency. By focusing on cost control, automation and digitisation, we can 
continue to generate a high return on shareholders’ equity. We value consistent profitability over fast 
growth, given that it creates stability and predictability for our customers and owners as well as society 
at large. Therefore, we seek to avoid short term market trends and instead price our products based 
on risk and capital requirements. This has helped us to maintain a strong financial performance, which 
enables us to continuously invest in product and channel development and offer competitive prices.  
8.3 
Business Segments   
The Group is comprised of four business segments.  
8.3.1 
Swedish Banking  
Swedish Banking is the Group’s largest business segment, offering a complete range of financial 
products and services to private customers as well as small and medium-sized companies through 
145 branches as well as through digital channels and customer centres. The Group also offers its 
products through co-operation with 184 additional local associated independent savings banks and

--- Page 133 ---
121 
 
 
partly-owned banks, as of December 31, 2022. Swedish Banking is supported by a number of 
subsidiaries in Sweden such as Swedbank Mortgage (responsible for long-term mortgage lending) 
and Swedbank Robur (fund management and institutional and discretionary asset management). 
Loans to customers in Swedish Banking represented 71 per cent of the Group’s total loans to the 
public outstanding as of December 31, 2022.  
8.3.2 
Baltic Banking 
Baltic Banking offers a broad range of financial products and banking services, including mortgages, 
business and consumer loans, savings and current accounts, life insurance and leasing in Estonia, 
Latvia and Lithuania through 71 branches as of December 31, 2022 as well as through digital channels 
and customer centres. 
The Group holds leading positions in several key market segments in its Baltic home markets.2 Loans 
to customers in Baltic Banking represented 13 per cent of the Group’s total loans to the public 
outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On October 1, 2021, Swedbank implemented changes to Baltic 
activities governance and control. The wholly-owned Latvian holding company Swedbank Baltics AS 
became owner of the subsidiary Swedbank AS (Estonia), Swedbank AS (Latvia) and Swedbank AB 
(Lithuania), which previously were owned by Swedbank AB. In doing this, Swedbank AB formalises 
the current operating model and clarifies the accountability and responsibility of the Baltic 
management. 
8.3.3 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
LC&I is responsible for Swedbank’s offering to customers with revenues above SEK 2 billion and those 
whose needs are considered complex due to multinational operations or their need for advanced 
financing solutions. LC&I is also responsible for developing corporate and capital market products for 
other parts of Swedbank and the Swedish savings banks. LC&I works closely with customers, who 
receive advice on decisions that create long-term profitability and sustainable growth. LC&I is present 
in Sweden, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Finland, Denmark, China, the United States and South 
Africa. Loans to the public in LC&I represented 16 per cent. of the Group’s total loans to customers 
outstanding as of December 31, 2022, excluding SNDO and repurchase agreements. 
On December 19, 2022, Swedbank announced that Pål Bergström will be stepping down as Head of 
LC&I and will be leaving Swedbank. Pål Bergström is leaving his position on February 28, 2023. On 
January 18, 2023, it was announced that Bo Bengtsson has been appointed Head of Large Corporates 
and Institutions and will become a member of the Group Executive Committee. Bo Bengtsson left 
Swedbank’s Board of Directors on January 18, 2023 and takes up his new position on March 1, 2023.  
8.3.4 
Group Functions & Other 
Group Functions & Other consists of centralised business support units and the customer advisory 
unit Group Financial Products & Advice. The central units serve as strategic and administrative support 
and comprise Accounting & Finance, Communication and Sustainability, Risk, Digital Banking & IT, 
Compliance, Public Affairs, Human Resources and Legal. Group Treasury is responsible for 
Swedbank’s funding, liquidity and capital planning. In addition, Group Treasury sets the prices on all 
internal deposit and loan flows in the Group through internal interest rates, where the most important 
parameters are maturity, interest fixing period, currency and need for liquidity reserves. 
                                                     
2 
 Swedbank estimates based on: (1) management accounts as to Swedbank presence, (2) Estonian Central Bank data as to Estonian market size, 
(3) Association of Commercial Banks of Latvia and The Financial and Capital Market Commission (Latvia) data as to Latvian market size and 
(4) Association of Lithuanian Banks data as to Lithuanian market size.

--- Page 134 ---
122 
 
 
8.4 
Products and Services 
8.4.1 
Mortgage Lending Products 
The products offered primarily consist of loans secured by mortgages over underlying residential, 
agricultural and forest properties. Consumer real estate loans include fixed and variable rate loans for 
home purchase and refinancing needs. 
The Group, through Swedbank Mortgage, is one of Sweden’s leading mortgage lenders with a market 
share of 22 per cent as of December 31, 2022 and 23 per cent in 2021. 3 As of December 31, 2022, 
Swedbank Mortgage’s outstanding Swedish mortgage loan portfolio amounted to SEK 1,116 billion, 
of which SEK 913 billion derived from private customers. Swedish mortgage lending represented 62 
per cent of the Group’s total loans to the public outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Both Swedbank 
and Swedbank Mortgage originate mortgages. Swedbank Mortgage is responsible for the origination 
of standard mortgage loans with up to an 85 per cent LTV ratio, whereas Swedbank is responsible for 
originating other loans including uncollateralised loans. The volume-weighted average LTV ratio in 
Swedbank Mortgage’s private residential loan portfolio was 54 per cent as of December 31, 2022, 
calculated on a property level (which gives effect to multiple mortgage loans on a given property). To 
benefit customers by offering a broad range of home buying services and reducing costs, while 
creating the opportunity to acquire profitable new businesses in this segment, the Group creates 
economies of scale by co-operating with a number of partners including Swedbank’s subsidiary, 
Swedbank Fastighetsbyrå, various home builders and other construction companies.  
Swedbank Mortgage’s products primarily consist of loans secured by Swedish residential, agricultural 
and forest properties. 
Swedbank Mortgage lends exclusively in Sweden and primarily provides long-term loans secured by 
first ranking mortgages on existing properties. More than half of Swedbank Mortgage’s mortgage loan 
portfolio consists of loans to owners of single-family homes. It also grants loans for tenant-owner rights, 
multi-family housing, tenant-owner associations, municipalities, commercial properties and to the 
agriculture and forestry sector. The volume weighted average LTV ratio calculated on all loans and 
property types in Swedbank Mortgage was 51 per cent as of December 31, 2022.  
Loans for single-family homes are primarily secured by first ranking mortgages and have interest rates 
fixed for between 60 days and 10 years. Swedbank Mortgage’s loans are either interest-only loans or 
amortised over 10-60 years. Swedbank Mortgage’s lending to single-family housing is limited to 85 
per cent. of the market value of the property. Loans may be granted to applicants who have a prior 
ranking mortgage over their property with another lender, provided that the aggregated amount and 
ranking of the prior ranking mortgage and the Group’s own exposure under its mortgage is not higher 
than 85 per cent. of the value of the mortgaged property. 
8.4.2 
General Mortgage Loan Features 
The mortgage loans originated by Swedbank Mortgage have the following key features: 
Purpose of loans – A mortgage loan is typically for the purpose of purchasing or refinancing a property, 
or renovating homes. Typically, this property will be a primary residence (i.e., a single-family home or 
a tenant-owner right), but it can also be a vacation home, a multi-family home (including loans to 
tenant-owner associations) or an agricultural/forestry property. Swedbank Mortgage’s portfolio also 
comprises loans to the public sector. 
                                                     
3 
Statistics Sweden (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2022-12-31, www.scb.se.

--- Page 135 ---
123 
 
 
Repayment profile – Mortgage loans may be straight line or serial repayment loans. In certain 
circumstances, an ‘interest only’ period may be established within the repayment profile, typically at 
the start of the mortgage loan’s term. 
Early repayment – All mortgage loans contain the option for the borrower to make early repayments, 
in some cases conditional upon payment of interest compensation. 
Other fees – Minor fees are charged to the borrower at the origination of the mortgage loan and on 
each regular payment date (i.e., quarterly or monthly). 
Interest accrual – Interest on a mortgage loan accrues daily. 
Maturity of a mortgage loan – The term of a mortgage loan may vary from 10 to 60 years, but the 
typical maturity is 30 years and the historically observed, typical weighted average life of a mortgage 
loan (which depends on the borrower’s repayment behaviour) is estimated to be 5 to 7 years, 
depending on the method of calculation. 
Consumers’ debt servicing capacity is tested using a model based on the net income and expenses 
of the borrower's household, taking into account a stressed scenario for affordability including a 
substantial interest rate increase (as of 2022, plus three percentage points above the current five-year 
fixed rate, at a minimum of six per cent). As of September 2015, Swedbank introduced new 
amortisation guidelines in line with the SFSA’s amortisation requirements which were implemented in 
June 2016. These amortisation guidelines and requirements include amortisation of 2 per cent 
annually for LTV ratios over 70 per cent and a 1 per cent amortisation for LTV ratios between 50 and 
70 per cent. In addition to these amortisation and LTV thresholds, the SFSA implemented an 
amortisation requirement applicable as of March 1, 2018 impacting households taking a new mortgage 
with debt-to-income ratio above 450 per cent. This requirement increases annual amortisation for such 
mortgages by 1 percentage point above the currently applicable amortisation level. This amortisation 
requirement was implemented as of March 1, 2018. 
Swedbank Mortgage’s loans are distributed by the Group through its approximately 145 branches and 
the approximately 184 branches of the associated independent savings banks and in certain 
circumstances also through Swedbank’s digital channels. The Group is also a leading mortgage lender 
in the Baltic countries, according to the relevant bank association4 in each respective country, and the 
mortgage products the Group offers there are adapted to its client base in the Baltic countries, 
comprising mainly Baltic homeowners. The main products offered by Baltic Banking include residential 
loans for home buying or building and loans which are mainly used for renovating and furnishing 
homes. Both products are continually adapted to meet customers’ needs.  
8.4.3 
Corporate Banking Products 
The Group offers a full range of corporate banking products and services for small and medium-sized 
business clients and large and multinational corporate customers, including financing, cash 
management, leasing products, investment and risk-management services. In addition, the Group 
offers mortgage lending and lending to the agricultural and forestry industries through Swedbank 
Mortgage. 
The products offered include corporate loans as well as credit facilities adapted to meet the customers’ 
needs. Real estate loans are primarily aimed at public and private developers, home builders and 
commercial real estate companies. 
                                                     
4 
Estonia: Estonian Banking Association; Latvia: Association of Latvian Commercial Banks; Lithuania: Association of Lithuanian Banks.

--- Page 136 ---
124 
 
 
8.4.4 
Investment Banking Products 
The Group offers equity, fixed income and currency trading, project, export and acquisition financing 
and corporate services as part of its LC&I business. 
8.4.5 
Consumer Lending Products 
The Group offers a range of personal loans, both secured and unsecured, to its retail customers. 
These can be made for specific purposes, such as vehicle loans, or as general purpose personal 
loans. 
8.4.6 
Savings and Investment Products 
The Group offers a comprehensive range of deposit-related products, including traditional savings 
accounts and current accounts tailored to different customer segments. Through asset management 
and insurance, the Group offers its customers a comprehensive range of investment products, 
including equity funds, fixed income funds, insurance products and individual pension savings 
products. 
8.4.7 
Payment Services 
The Group offers a broad range of payment products, including debit, transaction services and card 
infrastructure and, as of December 31, 2022, the Group had 8.3 million bank cards in circulation. In 
retail transactions, the Group emphasises convenience and time saving by making automatic payment 
options available to the Group’s customers through direct debit or other electronic channels, such as 
e-bills or mobile and card payments. For corporate cash management, the focus is on offering clients 
a packaged, integrated solution. To meet the increased competition and the shift in customer 
preferences from brick-and-mortar to e-commerce, the Group has developed a new full-service offer, 
Swedbank Pay, which brings together products and services from Swedbank and PayEx under a 
single brand in the Nordic market. Through Swedbank Pay, the Group helps companies both large 
and small to conveniently accept payment from their customers, through credit cards, e-commerce or 
in stores. 
8.5 
Information Technology  
8.5.1 
Overview  
Swedbank operates a federated information technology (“IT”) delivery model. Application development 
and maintenance is distributed into individual Business Areas and Group Functions, whereas 
responsibility for core infrastructure and operations of IT services is located in the Group Channels 
and Technology unit, with the Chief Information Officer function being responsible for group-wide 
governance of IT delivery. In 2023 Swedbank will build on the foundational work completed in 2022 
taking Swedbank to the next level in its agile transformation by implementing long-lasting and stable 
end-to-end portfolios, strengthening portfolio steering and implementing standardised approaches to 
working across the Group. Swedbank IT serves the Group in Sweden and the Baltic countries and 
provides IT services to associated independent savings banks in Sweden that cooperate with the 
Group and offer mortgage loans funded by Swedbank Mortgage. The main data centres are located 
in Sweden and Estonia and contain sufficient back-up storage. 
Swedbank has set an ambitious target to be one step ahead of cyber threats. Swedbank’s information 
security initiatives are led by Swedbank’s Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”). The CISO is 
supported by the centrally established Group Information Security function (“GIS”) with responsibility 
for leading and coordinating information security, centred around a group-wide information security

--- Page 137 ---
125 
 
 
strategy, information security instruction and information security management system, primarily 
aligned to ISO 27001, ISF SOGP and EBA/GL/2019/04. Information security responsibility is operated 
in a federated manner by key contributors in the Anti-Financial Crime Unit (“AFC”) and Group 
Channels and Technologies, as well as by appointed professionals in all business areas, group 
functions and material subsidiaries. Information security is a high-priority area for Swedbank to ensure 
stable infrastructure, reliable digital performance and products and services to be available on 
demand. With increasing digitalisation, digital vulnerabilities are increasing, particularly related to new 
types of online and cloud services.  
The organisation is business-driven and delivers IT services based on service agreements with the 
business side of the Group. IT infrastructure and operation services are organised to ensure 
economies of scale, efficiency, availability and to reduce operational risk. Special functions are defined 
to work on IT governance issues such as the IT strategy, IT architecture and IT agile way of working. 
The Group uses hardware and software provided by different vendors. The Group complements its 
internal resources by employing IT consultants and specific Outsourcing Service Agreements. 
To increase customer satisfaction, the Group aims to improve its ability to offer products and services 
appropriate to meet the needs of each customer group. For customers in need of less complex 
financial advice, the Group aims to provide relevant, simple and effective offerings, primarily through 
its electronic channels. In particular, the Group aims to improve internet, mobile and telephone banking 
services in an effort to make routine banking services simpler and more efficient, and thereby making 
them more cost efficient for the Group. In response to changing technologies, customers’ habits have 
changed, which has impacted the traditional role of the bank branch. 
During 2022, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic lessened on Swedbank operations in our home 
markets. Strengthening remote availability of our services has remained in focus. Swedbank has 
embraced hybrid ways of working. The remote access and ongoing digital transformation have raised 
certain information security threats including cyber risk and external fraud risk, requiring the 
implementation of new and improved ways of protection. 
Customers can satisfy most of their routine banking requirements without visiting physical branch 
through alternate channels such as ATMs, debit cards, telephone banking, the internet and mobile 
devices. The Group’s digital bank services have approximately 5 million digitally active customers. 
Through information and a differentiated pricing model, the Group intends to make it easier for 
customers to select the most effective way to communicate with Swedbank for a variety of matters, as 
evidenced, for example, by a number of new digital functions launched by Swedbank in recent years, 
which make everyday banking easier for customers. 
4.5.2 
IT Strategy and Key Initiatives  
“Swedbank Tech Strategy” supports the Group’s business strategy from a technical and IT 
perspective. The tech strategy outlines four strategic focus areas, as summarised in the picture below. 
The most important overarching objective will be to reduce complexity in both our infrastructure, in the 
application landscape and in the way we operate. Each focus area highlights either important strategic 
activities or capabilities that need to be strengthened or built, enabling us to deliver on the Group 
Strategic Direction and targets. An ambitious but necessary target state is set to maintain our position 
in our home markets which will require a collaborative effort across the bank and a common Group 
agenda.

--- Page 138 ---
126 
 
 
 
The IT investment agenda for the full year 2023, in the amount of approximately SEK 3.2 billion, is 
designed to support the Group’s ongoing strategic transformation as outlined in Swedbank’s Group 
strategy and the Swedbank Tech Strategy. The planned investments in 2023 centre around the 
Group’s strategic focus areas. The digitisation efforts to improve our customer experience and offering 
also forms a substantial component of the IT agenda.  
 
Swedbank invests significant resources to prevent violations, misuse of existing and new technology, 
cyber threats and fraud to protect both customers’ and Swedbank’s information. Swedbank has also 
increasingly focused efforts to test its information security and cyber resilience capabilities by regularly 
carrying out proactive security testing, such as penetration testing for critical and new applications, 
systems and infrastructure, as well as advanced simulation tests, so-called “red-teaming” tests. 
Swedbank’s strategic direction states the importance of working with information security to support 
business goals and change, manage risk and to strengthen governance and compliance. Going 
forward, Swedbank plans to invest resources in further strengthening its digital and operational 
resilience to serious cyber-attacks against Swedbank and its third-party suppliers. 
Swedbank’s market share in its home markets makes maintaining cybersecurity a necessity. 
Swedbank also takes on a sustainable position beyond mere compliance and contributes to a sound 
and secure digital environment in its home markets by putting a high priority on sharing security 
intelligence and security knowledge with peers and authorities.  
In February 2020, the Group initiated a resilience program to ensure long term resilience against 
systems disruptions. By the end of 2022, the prioritized initiatives introduced a set of essential 
prerequisites needed to close critical resilience gaps and to build solutions that help increase efficiency

--- Page 139 ---
127 
 
 
in management of resiliency related risks. Additional controls have been added to the investment 
planning process to ensure that activities related to the adoption and migration to new infrastructure, 
platforms and tools delivered within the resilience program are prioritized in the relevant portfolios. 
The program will continue to monitor and follow-up on deliveries, in particular the completion of 
improvements in focus areas such as:  
 
Core infrastructure/network resilience to lay the foundations for our infrastructure target state 
with a new fault tolerant network and upgrading our compute and storage set-up; 
 
Infrastructure service standardization, to reduce complexity and drive self-service adoption 
and cost transparency. 
 
Deployment of integrated delivery pipelines enabling continuous delivery and continuous 
integration (“CI/CD”) practices in line with best market practice; 
 
Establishment of test automation and quality assurance capabilities to minimize manual 
interventions and improve quality, productivity and time-to-market;  
8.6 
Related Party Transactions 
During the year ended December 31, 2022, normal business transactions were executed between 
companies in the Group, including other related companies and affiliates. Significant affiliates include 
five partly owned saving banks. Other significant relationships are with Swedbank’s pension funds 
foundation and Sparinstitutens Pensionkassa SPK, which safeguard the post-retirement benefits of 
the employees in the Swedish entities within the Group. They rely on Swedbank for traditional banking 
services. For additional information, please see note G54 in the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus.  
8.7 
Legal Proceedings 
In February 2019, the television program “Uppdrag granskning,” broadcast by the Swedish public 
broadcaster Sveriges Television, alleged that customers who may have been involved in money 
laundering transferred significant sums of money through the Group's Baltic subsidiaries. The Group 
has conducted a broad investigation in relation to these allegations. In addition, authorities in Sweden, 
the Baltics and the United States have been, and in certain cases, are still conducting investigations 
regarding the Group’s historical compliance with applicable anti-money laundering and sanctions laws 
and regulations.  
The SFSA and the EFSA conducted separate but close investigations into money laundering 
allegations at the Group, as well as related issues involving the Group’s anti-money laundering 
controls, procedures and governance. 
8.7.1 
SFSA Investigation 
The SFSA investigation into Swedbank AB’s governance of anti-money laundering measures in the 
Baltic operations launched in April 2019 and included the period 2015 to the first quarter of 2019. The 
SFSA investigation into Swedbank AB’s compliance with Swedish legislation regarding anti money 
laundering and terrorism financing was initiated in November 2018 and covered the period April to 
November 2018, focusing on business risk assessment, risk classification of customers, policies and 
instructions, know-your-customer files, transaction monitoring and reporting of suspicious activities to 
external investigative bodies. The investigation was limited to traditional high risk customer categories 
such as politically exposed persons and private-banking customers. The Group replied to the SFSA’s

--- Page 140 ---
128 
 
 
requests for comment on preliminary observations and conclusions, concurring with many of their 
observations and conclusions. On March 19, 2020, the SFSA announced that in relation to 
Swedbank’s Swedish operations, Swedbank has deficiencies in its risk classification of customers and 
its transaction monitoring and concluded that Swedbank has not met the anti-money laundering 
requirements in its Swedish operations. The SFSA also announced that Swedbank had large 
deficiencies in its governance of the risk of money laundering in its Baltic operations, finding its 
processes, routines and control systems insufficient; and noted that the Baltic subsidiaries lacked 
adequate resources to combat money laundering. The SFSA stated that despite internal and external 
reports warning about deficiencies in the Baltic operations and the risk of money laundering, 
Swedbank did not take proper and sufficient action. In addition, the SFSA noted that in their opinion, 
in some instances, Swedbank withheld documentation and information and in one case, in March 
2019, Swedbank provided the SFSA with false information. As a result of the investigation, the SFSA 
issued Swedbank a warning and an administrative fine of SEK 4 billion. Swedbank announced that it 
accepted the decision of the SFSA and paid the fine in 2020, for both the investigation regarding 
Swedish Banking anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing processes, initiated in 2018 
and the investigation regarding Swedbank’s internal control and governance of anti-money laundering 
measurers in the Baltic operations, initiated in 2019.  
8.7.2 
EFSA Investigation 
The EFSA’s investigation was conducted from April to mid-November 2019 and assessed the set-up 
of the anti-money laundering organisation of Swedbank's Estonian subsidiary, the activities of 
management and staff in combatting money laundering and terrorist financing, the identification, 
analysis, management and mitigation of risks and the application of due diligence measures during 
the establishment of business relationships and the provision of services. The Group replied to the 
EFSA’s requests for comment on preliminary observations and conclusions, concurring with many of 
their observations and conclusions. On March 19, 2020, the EFSA announced that the Estonian 
subsidiary had severe deficiencies in its anti-money laundering risk control systems and that the bank 
failed to meet anti-money laundering requirements, noting examples of where the subsidiary withheld 
information during the investigation. The EFSA issued a precept that obliges Swedbank’s Estonian 
subsidiary to take comprehensive measures to properly understand and mitigate past and current 
risks. In addition, the Estonian subsidiary must review and amend its organisational framework to more 
effectively manage risks, change its practices in understanding client activities and must review 
practices for reporting suspicious transactions to the appropriate external investigative body and 
operational risk to EFSA. On November 19, 2020, Swedbank AS submitted a final report describing 
the actions taken to comply with the EFSA precept. On January 28, 2021, EFSA informed Swedbank 
AS that it considered activities and evidence delivered under the final report adequate and did not 
require additional remarks. EFSA will follow up on implementation activities as part of regular 
supervisory inspections. The Estonian state prosecutor’s office launched a parallel criminal 
investigation into the Estonian subsidiary to determine whether money laundering or other criminal 
acts occurred but has not disclosed a timeframe as to when it expects to announce a decision. As in 
many other countries, double jeopardy is not permitted in Estonia, and therefore the EFSA terminated 
its own misdemeanour investigation into the Estonian subsidiary in November 2019 to allow the 
prosecutor to continue with its criminal investigation. On March 24, 2022, Swedbank AS was informed 
by the special investigator of white-collar crime at the Estonian Central Criminal Police that Swedbank 
AS is suspected of money laundering during the period from 2014 to 2016. If the Estonian Prosecutor’s 
Office finds evidence of money laundering or other criminal acts, it could charge individuals or 
Swedbank AS with criminal liability, which could include imprisonment for convicted individuals or a 
fine of up to EUR 16 million per conviction. Swedbank AS continues to review and monitor the situation 
and is continuing cooperation with the relevant authorities.

--- Page 141 ---
129 
 
 
8.7.3 
Other investigations   
In March 2019, EBM also launched an investigation into whether any crimes were committed in 
connection with the disclosure of information. EBM conducted a search and seizure of the Group’s 
premises to determine whether any crimes were committed. In April 2019, EBM clarified that it is not 
proceeding with allegations against any individuals regarding alleged money laundering during the 
period of 2006-2012. The EBM concluded its investigation begun in 2019 and the prosecutor’s office 
filed charges against the former CEO on January 4, 2022. On January 25, 2023, the former CEO was 
acquitted of all charges giving the prosecutor three weeks to decide if the verdict should be appealed. 
On February 15, 2023, the Chief Prosecutor and Deputy Chief Prosecutor decided to appeal the 
Stockholm District Court's acquittal verdict from January 25, 2023. The case will be tried by the Court 
of Appeals. The EBM has not filed any charges against Swedbank.  
The ECB also initiated an investigation of the Group’s operation in the Baltic countries. The ECB 
completed their investigation and the Group is implementing a number of remedies regarding 
governance, including control of subsidiaries.  
In addition to the investigations regarding anti-money laundering controls, U.S. authorities, including 
the DOJ, SEC, OFAC and DFS, are continuing to investigate Swedbank’s historical anti-money 
laundering and counter-terrorism financing work and historical information disclosures.  
These investigations are ongoing and Swedbank has been holding individual discussions with the 
relevant authorities through its U.S. legal advisors. As the investigations are at different stages, 
Swedbank cannot determine at this time when the investigations will be completed, however, 
Swedbank has made a provision of SEK 40 million for potential financial impacts related to OFAC's 
investigation.  
Based on findings as a result of the Clifford Chance LLP investigation, discussed below, the Group 
notified OFAC on March 11, 2020 of 586 (which figure was corrected to 540 in December 2020) 
transactions amounting to approximately USD 4.8 million (which figure was corrected to USD 4.5 
million in December 2020) which constitute potential OFAC violations. 95 per cent. of the transactions 
were processed by the Group in the 2015 – 2016 period. Of the 586 transactions, 508 transactions 
constitute salary payments and payments associated with the operation of a vessel whose owner and 
operator are located in Crimea and used Swedbank in the Baltics. The Clifford Chance investigation 
included all USD denominated transactions from the three Baltic subsidiaries in Estonia, Latvia and 
Lithuania, processed through the U.S. financial system during the period March 22, 2014 through 
March 22, 2019.  
On August 26, 2022, Swedbank made a full voluntary disclosure to OFAC regarding goods of Iranian 
origin related to transactions from 2017 and 2018.  
On September 18, 2020, Swedbank received notification from the SFSA that it was investigating 
Swedbank for suspected historical breaches of MAR. The investigation encompasses the period from 
September 20, 2018 to February 20, 2019 and pertains to disclosure of insider information and the 
obligation to establish an insider list (Articles 17 and 18) in connection with the disclosure of suspected 
money laundering within the bank. On October 26, 2021, the SFSA notified Swedbank that it closed 
its investigation with no comment. 
In May 2021, the Nasdaq Stockholm Disciplinary Committee ordered Swedbank to pay a fine 
corresponding to twelve times the annual fee, or a total of SEK 46.6 million, in relation to historical 
shortcomings occurring during the period December 2016 to February 2019.

--- Page 142 ---
130 
 
 
On July 1, 2022, Swedbank received a claim from the Swedish Pensions Agency concerning 
Swedbank’s role as custodian bank for the Optimus High Yield 2012-2015 fund. The claim concerns 
a ten-year-old matter and was not preceded by any correspondence or information from the Swedish 
Pensions Agency. The claim is set at SEK 4 billion. Swedbank has been allocating resources to handle 
the matter and provide a response to the Swedish Pensions Agency, but has not made any accounting 
provision related to the claim. On August 18, 2022, Swedbank responded to the Swedish Pensions 
Agency disputing the claim. Since August 18, 2022, there has been ongoing correspondence between 
Swedbank and the Swedish Pensions Agency.  
In April 2022, Swedbank experienced a serious IT incident in connection with a system update. The 
incident caused incorrect balances to be shown in customers’ account statements and subsequent 
payment problems while also affecting the availability of the bank’s services. Swedbank takes what 
occurred seriously and has taken extensive action to prevent similar events from occurring. On March 
15, 2023, Swedbank announced that it had received an administrative fine of SEK 850 million from 
the SFSA regarding the incident. The SFSA remarked that Swedbank had made a change to an IT 
system without following Swedbank’s internal procedures and processes. 
8.7.4 
Clifford Chance Investigation 
In February 2019, the Group hired an external law firm, Clifford Chance LLP, to lead an internal 
investigation to confirm facts and circumstances linked to historical shortcomings in Swedbank’s anti-
money laundering systems and controls from January 2007 through March 2019. The investigation 
included, among other things, a review of Swedbank and its global network of branches, as well as 
relevant wholly-owned subsidiaries. The investigation also covered customers, transactions and how 
the Group handled internal and external information disclosures. In total, over 30 billion transactions 
made between 2007 and March 2019 were included in the investigation, of which 15 billion were from 
Baltic Banking. The investigation also included an assessment of potential non-compliance by the 
Baltic subsidiaries or their customers with OFAC sanctions. 
The investigation was presented to the Board and parts of the Group’s management on March 21, 
2020 and released to the public on March 23, 2020. The broad investigation included billions of 
transaction records, approximately 160 million customer records and over 38 terabytes of electronic 
and scanned hard copy data. Clifford Chance also conducted nearly 100 interviews of 81 individuals, 
including current and former employees, managers and senior executives, current and former Board 
members and external counsel. Steps were taken to ensure compliance with applicable privacy, bank 
secrecy, employment and other relevant legal regimes. 
The investigation also included an assessment of potential sanctions breaches in the Baltic 
subsidiaries, including approximately 26.6 million transaction messages and 1.8 million USD-
denominated payments during a five-year period from March 22, 2014 through March 22, 2019. Of 
these transactions, the investigation identified 582 transactions (totalling approximately USD 4.76 
million), processed by the Baltic subsidiaries that may not have complied with OFAC blocking 
sanctions or country embargos. None of the 582 transactions involved any OFAC-listed persons, and 
nearly all of them occurred prior to 2017, when the Baltic subsidiaries implemented an automated 
payment screening solution. 
Governance 
The investigation did not conclude that Swedbank engaged in money laundering or processed 
customer transactions that constituted the proceeds of crime. Among other things, this would require 
definitive knowledge of a customer’s source of funds, which was not available. However, the 
investigation revealed that the Group, throughout the period from January 2007 to March 2019, and 
to varying degrees across LC&I, Swedish Banking and Baltic Banking had inadequate systems and

--- Page 143 ---
131 
 
 
controls to ensure proper management of anti-money laundering and economic sanctions risks from 
its customer base, thus exposing Swedbank and the Baltic subsidiaries to significant anti-money 
laundering and sanctions risk. The risk was most prevalent in the Baltic subsidiaries, primarily in 
Estonia from its HRNR business. From before 2007 until 2016, Swedbank’s subsidiaries in Estonia 
and Latvia actively pursued high risk customers as a business strategy. For example, despite a special 
committee in the Estonian subsidiary to review customer on-boarding and maintenance of HRNR 
customers, the committee approved high risk customers without having complete documentation 
regarding the ultimate beneficial owners, proof of funding sources or explanation of legitimate business 
purposes and did not address red flags that arose from the information provided. Some corporate 
customers had complex and opaque ownership structures involving off-shore entities organized in low 
tax jurisdictions, as well as ownership through foreign trusts and similar vehicles for which the ultimate 
beneficial owners were difficult to verify. The Estonian subsidiary also accepted certain customers 
despite awareness amongst employees, including relationship managers, that the listed beneficial 
owners were not the actual ultimate beneficial owners, or where the prospective customer refused to 
provide verifiable beneficial ownership information. In addition, the deficiencies in the Group’s anti-
money laundering systems and controls were not limited to the Baltic Banking, as certain of these 
high-risk customers in Baltic Banking were allowed to open accounts in the Group’s other business 
areas in Sweden, Swedish Banking and LC&I. These customers have since been offboarded. Overall, 
the investigation showed that during the period 2014 to 2019, the Baltic subsidiaries conducted 
transactions (approximately EUR 17.8 billion in payments to customer accounts; approximately EUR 
18.9 billion in payments from customer accounts) that represented a high risk for money laundering. 
Accountability 
Although Swedbank has attempted to enhance its compliance control and risk management systems 
in the Baltic subsidiaries since 2016, the investigation found that these efforts were impeded by a 
number of governance failings. For example, Swedbank’s senior management historically failed to 
establish clear lines of anti-money laundering responsibilities, particularly as between the business 
(first line of defence) and the Group’s compliance function (second line of defence), or to ensure that 
the Group’s compliance function could successfully challenge the decisions of the business. In 
addition, Swedbank’s former CEOs appeared to lack adequate appreciation for the severe risk posed 
to the Group by the HRNR business in Baltic Banking. In particular, Swedbank failed to adopt a Group-
level anti-money laundering risk appetite statement until 2017 and did not take steps to ensure a 
consistent approach to risk rating customers across business lines. In addition, the investigation found 
that because Swedbank’s senior management failed to appreciate the degree of legal and reputational 
risk to Swedbank, management did not always engage with the Board in a manner consistent with the 
importance of these issues. The investigation did not find evidence that either the Board, Risk and 
Capital Committee or the Audit Committee were adequately informed of the degree of legal and 
reputational risk posed by these deficiencies arising from the high-risk customer base that the Baltic 
subsidiaries had serviced historically. Nevertheless, several Group internal audit reports (from 2015 
through early 2017) to the Board and the Audit Committee gave the Board notice of the prospect of 
regulatory sanctions or elevated reputation risk arising from identified deficiencies in the Baltic 
subsidiaries with respect to weak sanctions screening data, insufficient KYC processes and 
transaction monitoring and defects in the payments screening process. Notwithstanding these 
warnings, the Board did not take action to manage anti-money laundering risk in the Baltics 
commensurate with the degree of legal and reputational risk presented. The investigation found little 
evidence of any substantive discussion of these issues at the respective Board or Audit Committee 
meetings. Therefore, while the Board was not adequately apprised by management of the full extent 
of the risk posed by the anti-money laundering deficiencies in the Baltics, the Board also did not act 
adequately to manage and control the risk of money laundering (of which it was made aware). 
Interactions with Regulators

--- Page 144 ---
132 
 
 
The investigation also noted that in certain instances, Swedbank’s responses to regulators regarding 
anti-money laundering-related topics were not always actively transparent, including de-emphasizing 
negative information or employing a narrow or literal reading of certain requests. In considering 
accountability, the investigation concluded that the three former CEOs who served during the relevant 
investigation period, the Board and certain employees (including senior managers to relationship 
managers) all contributed to Swedbank’s failure to recognise and manage the significant legal and 
reputational risk to Swedbank posed by its HRNR portfolio in the Baltic subsidiaries.  
Public Disclosures 
The investigation also considered the completeness and accuracy of Swedbank’s public disclosures 
concerning anti-money laundering compliance and related issues. Specifically, Clifford Chance 
reviewed public statements made by Swedbank and its executives from January 2014 through March 
2019, including for example, interim and annual reports issued by Swedbank and associated 
materials, other statements and presentations in communications with investors, analysts, and the 
financial community, corporate debt offering documents and media appearances and publications. 
When considered in light of the facts developed in the investigation, certain statements made during 
October 2018 and February 2019 by Swedbank and its executives concerning Swedbank’s historical 
anti-money laundering compliance, then current anti-money laundering compliance, and exposure to 
certain types of anti-money laundering risk, were inaccurate or presented without sufficient context. 
Remediation  
As part of its ongoing response to the money-laundering investigations, the Group created a new 
Special Task Force led by former Head of Group Treasury Tomas Hedberg, who reports directly to 
the CEO. Since the Clifford Chance investigation began in early 2019, the Group has taken a number 
of actions to remedy shortcomings and ensure a sustainable corporate governance in Swedbank.  
An action plan was introduced in October 2019 to manage the identified shortcomings. In January 
2021, the anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing activity list was closed and replaced 
by the AML/CTF and Sanctions Transformation Program with the focus of reaching the stated target 
of being at the forefront of the fight against financial crime. Remaining activities have been mapped to 
the new program. The improvements made in 2020 through 2022 as a result of the action plan have 
laid the foundation for Swedbank´s ongoing commitment to international best practices and its goal of 
implementing effective and efficient processes to fight financial crime.  
Over the course of 2019 and 2020, Swedbank appointed a new CEO and a mostly new management 
team as well as elected new Board members. Under this new leadership team, Swedbank has focused 
on transforming its approach to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing and sanctions 
policies and procedures, creating new roles, appointing new personnel, increasing resources, revising 
and strengthening policies and procedures and taking steps to continue the process of de-risking its 
customer portfolio including in the Baltic subsidiaries.  
As of March 23, 2020, and as a result of external investigations conducted by the SFSA, the EFSA 
and the Group’s internal investigation into allegations of anti-money laundering and potential sanctions 
breaches, the Board also decided to unilaterally cancel severance payments to the former CEO (which 
were originally planned to start March 29, 2020). In addition, Swedbank’s Board of Directors previously 
appointed external legal advisors to investigate liability issues relating to the former CEOs and Board 
members identified in Clifford Chance LLP’s March 2020 report. Based on the findings of these 
investigations, as well as an analysis of the legal circumstances and other relevant considerations, the 
likelihood of success of any claim for damages against the former CEOs and Board members was 
deemed to be extremely low. Therefore, on February 25, 2021, the Board of Directors decided not to

--- Page 145 ---
133 
 
 
file claims for damages against the former CEOs and Board members in relation to matters covered 
in the Clifford Chance LLP report. 
As part of these ongoing de-risking and remediation efforts, and with input from Clifford Chance, 
Swedbank and its Baltic subsidiaries have (a) embarked on a much more comprehensive approach 
and remediation plan to address and to strengthen the anti-money laundering/counter-terrorist 
financing and sanctions frameworks; (b) undertaken a review of Swedbank’s corporate governance; 
(c) engaged external consultants to assist in remediation efforts; (d) increased anti-money 
laundering/counter-terrorist financing resources; I initiated a compliance transformation program; (f) 
performed a cultural assessment and started implementation of necessary changes and (g) continued 
to off-board customers who do not meet Swedbank’s risk appetite. 
Quality Assurance – Compliance Function 
During 2020, the Group completed an evaluation of the Group’s overarching structure to manage 
compliance risks and benchmark Swedbank’s processes against industry-leading standard. The 
evaluation identified a number of areas for improvement, which are currently being addressed. 
Quality Assurance – Corporate Culture 
During 2020, an internationally recognised consulting firm completed an extensive analysis of 
Swedbank’s corporate culture. The evaluation served as the basis of comprehensive work to improve 
corporate culture, including empowering employees and creating clear metrics on performance. 
Quality Assurance – Corporate Governance 
An evaluation of the Group’s internal governance and control was conducted in 2020. Swedbank’s 
CEO has overarching responsibility for the project, which is managed by the Group’s Chief Legal 
Officer. The project was finalised in January 2021. Important aspects of the project included a 
comprehensive review of the corporate governance framework within the Group to ensure that 
governance and control in Baltic Banking was strengthened within the subsidiary banks and the parent 
company. Swedbank also implemented a mandatory training programme on corporate governance 
for, among others, senior executives, board members in major subsidiaries and employees who are 
involved in the corporate governance process, with the goal of increasing awareness among 
employees of the importance of an improved culture with respect to combating financial crime. 
As part of the comprehensive review of the corporate governance framework, Swedbank implemented 
changes to the governance of its Baltic operations in October 2021. After approval by the European 
Central Bank and relevant supervisory authorities, the ownership of the subsidiary banks in Estonia, 
Latvia and Lithuania was placed in the holding company Swedbank Baltics AS, which is wholly owned 
by Swedbank AB. Swedbank AB formalised the current operating model while increasing the 
accountability and responsibility of the Baltic Banking management. The governance changes do not 
have any impact on Swedbank’s customers. 
The Board of Directors plays an active role in the governance oversight through the Governance 
Committee formed at the beginning of 2020. 
8.7.5 
Auditor Recommendations 
The Group’s independent auditor, PwC, also audited administration of the Group’s Board of Directors 
and the Managing Directors. Based on their findings and factoring that the various investigations were 
not complete, PwC recommended that the shareholders not discharge the former CEO from liability. 
Similarly, due to potential financial consequences such as fines, withdrawn licenses, restrictions on

--- Page 146 ---
134 
 
 
currency trading and other sanctions, PwC considered the extent to which any deficiencies in 
regulatory compliance may have affected the financial statements of the annual report. This included 
accounting and disclosure regarding reserves and contingent liabilities.  
Swedbank has not allocated any provisions for fines or penalties. Current accounting rules provide 
that the Group is able to determine with a high probability the size of any fines or penalties before a 
provision can be allocated, and this has not been possible to date. 
8.7.6 
DFSA Requirements 
On November 25, 2021, the DFSA, as part of its regular supervision, announced that Swedbank’s 
Danish branch must adapt its internal anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing routines 
and processes to fully comply with local regulations. Swedbank is currently adapting its processes and 
routines in Denmark in accordance with the DFSA’s decision. 
8.8 
Employees  
As of December 31, 2022, the Group had 16,803 full-time employees. The table below sets out the 
number of employees employed for the years indicated. 
 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Full-time employees 
16,803 
16,565 
16,213 
In 2022, LC&I decreased employee numbers by 42, Swedish Banking decreased employee numbers 
by 50, Baltic Banking increased employee numbers by 77 and Group Functions & Other increased 
employee numbers by 253. 72 per cent of the Group’s employees were governed by collective 
bargaining agreements as of December 31, 2022. The Group maintains continuous and active 
dialogue with its employees and representatives and believes that its relations with its employees are 
good. There have been no significant strikes or mutual work stoppages in the past three years. 
8.9 
Key Geographic Markets and Competition  
The Group currently operates in four geographic home markets: Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and 
Lithuania. The Group faces a variety of competition in these markets. In addition to traditional 
competition from Nordic and Baltic banks, fintech and other new market entrants are increasingly 
attempting to gain market recognition. As Nordic banks and niche players strengthen their positions 
within segments, the banking market has become increasingly consolidated. 
To support business in these markets, the Group has established branches in neighbouring markets 
such as Finland and Norway, as well as in major markets of financial importance such as in the United 
States (where the Group has a branch) and China (where the Group has a branch). Additionally, the 
Group is represented in Spain and South Africa. The Group’s offices in Luxembourg have been closed, 
but are still in the process of being phased out. In addition, following its strategic review of its 
international process, Swedbank will close its South African office and will close its Danish banking 
operations, to be replaced by a collaboration with Sydbank to support the Group’s corporate 
customers.  
Below is a chart showing Swedbank’s corporate structure as of the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 147 ---
135 
 
 
 
8.9.1 
Sweden 
The banking sector is fairly concentrated in the Group’s home market of Sweden. In 2022, the Group, 
Svenska Handelsbanken, Nordea and SEB accounted for approximately 60 to 75 per cent of deposits 
and lending (adjusted for Stabelo, Svensk Hypotekspension and Hypoteket), according to Statistics 
Sweden. These major banks offer a wide range of financial products and services and compete in all 
key product segments. In Sweden, the Group is the largest retail bank and has a leading market 
position in private mortgage lending (22 per cent) and deposits from private customers (18 per cent) 
as of December 31, 2022. The Group believes that consumers have been more willing to change 
banks in recent years due to pricing and a sense of stability. During the past year, the major banks 
have become more competitive, thus regaining market share from smaller players.  
8.9.2 
Estonia 
The Estonian banking sector is even more concentrated than Sweden’s. The market is dominated by 
foreign banks. In Estonia, the Group had a market share of 48 per cent for private deposits and 42 per 
cent for private lending as of November 31, 2022. In the Estonian corporate market, the Group’s 
market share was 34 per cent for lending and 39 per cent for deposits as of November 31, 2022.5 
8.9.3 
Latvia 
Latvia has a more fragmented market where local banks account for a significant portion of the various 
segments. As of September 31, 2022, the Group had a market share of 38 per cent of private deposits 
and 35 per cent of private lending. In the corporate market, the market share was 28 per cent for 
deposits and 19 per cent for lending as of September 31, 2022.6 
                                                     
5 
Estonian Banking Association. 
6 
Association of Latvian Commercial Banks.

--- Page 148 ---
136 
 
 
8.9.4 
Lithuania 
Like Sweden, the banking market in Lithuania is dominated by a few major players. As of September 
31, 2022, the Group had a market share of 45 per cent7 of private deposits and 39 per cent of private 
lending. In the corporate market, the Group’s share was 22 per cent. for lending and 30 per cent for 
deposits as of September 31, 2022.8 
                                                     
7  
Association of Lithuanian Banks. 
8 
Association of Lithuanian Banks.

--- Page 149 ---
137 
 
 
9. 
Selected Financial Information  
9.1 
Selected Financial Information 
The selected financial data for 2022, 2021 and 2020 provided below have been derived from the 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the years ended December 31, 
2022, 2021 and 2020 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The data set forth below 
should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations” and with the audited consolidated financial statements incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. The consolidated financial statements also apply recommendation 
RFR 1 Complementary accounting rules for groups, issued by the Swedish Financial Reporting Board, 
the pronouncements of the Swedish Financial Reporting Board, certain complementary rules in the 
Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities Companies and the regulations and general 
advice of the SFSA, FFFS 2008:25.  
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
INCOME STATEMENT DATA 
 
 
 
Interest income ......................................................... 
45,298 
30,364 
33,791 
Interest expenses ...................................................... 
(12,141) 
(3,316) 
(6,075) 
Net interest income ................................................. 
33,157 
27,048 
27,716 
 
 
 
 
Net commission income ............................................  
14,223 
14,853 
12,770 
Net gains and losses on financial items .....................  
1,887 
2,048 
2,655 
Net insurance ............................................................  
1,655 
1,457 
1,518 
Share of profit or loss of associates and joint ventures
 .................................................................................  
738 
976 
582 
Other income ............................................................  
1,561 
1,299 
1,298 
Total income ............................................................  
53,221 
47,681 
46,539 
 
 
 
 
Staff costs .................................................................  
13,246 
12,739 
11,873 
Other general administrative expenses .....................  
6,474 
6,477 
7,107 
Depreciation/amortisation of tangible and intangible 
fixed assets ...............................................................  
1,695 
1,631 
1,580 
Administrative fine 
— 
— 
4,000 
Total expenses ........................................................  
21,415 
20,847 
24,560 
 
 
 
 
Profit before impairments, Swedish bank tax and 
resolution fees ........................................................  
31,806 
26,834 
21,979 
Impairments of intangible assets ...............................  
1,125 
56 
— 
Impairments of tangible assets ..................................  
13 
— 
2 
Credit impairments ....................................................  
1,479 
170 
4,334 
Swedish bank tax and resolution fees .......................  
1,831 
791 
863 
 
 
 
 
Profit before tax ......................................................  
27,358 
25,817 
16,780 
 
 
 
 
Tax expense .............................................................  
5,478 
4,945 
3,851 
Profit for the year  .....................................................  
21,880 
20,872 
12,929 
Profit for the year attributable to Shareholders in 
Swedbank AB ..........................................................  
21,877 
20,871 
12,929 
Non-controlling interests ...........................................  
3 
1 
0

--- Page 150 ---
138 
 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
BALANCE SHEET DATA 
 
 
 
Assets 
Cash and balances with central banks .....................  
365,992 
360,153 
293,811 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing 
with central banks, etc.  ............................................  
151,483 
163,590 
137,191 
Loans to credit institutions ........................................  
56,589 
39,504 
47,954 
Loans to the public ...................................................  
1,842,811 
1,703,206 
1,680,987 
Value change of interest hedged item in portfolio 
hedges of interest rate risk .......................................  
(20,369) 
(1,753) 
1,774 
Bonds and other interest-bearing securities .............  
61,298 
58,093 
59,975 
Financial assets for which customers bear the 
investment risk .........................................................  
290,678 
328,512 
252,411 
Shares and participating interests ............................  
8,184 
13,416 
17,215 
Investments in associates and joint ventures ...........  
7,830 
7,705 
7,287 
Derivatives ...............................................................  
50,504 
40,531 
52,177 
Intangible assets ......................................................  
19,886 
19,488 
18,361 
of which goodwill ......................................................  
13,774 
13,501 
13,327 
Tangible assets  .......................................................  
5,449 
5,523 
5,421 
Current tax assets ....................................................  
1,449 
1,372 
1,554 
Deferred tax assets ..................................................  
159 
113 
124 
Pension assets ........................................................  
2,431 
— 
— 
Other assets ............................................................  
8,474 
9,194 
16,483 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income ....................  
2,028 
1,970 
1,917 
Total assets ............................................................  
2,854,876 
2,750,617 
2,594,642 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities and equity 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ..........................  
72,826 
92,812 
150,313 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ..................  
1,305,948 
1,265,783 
1,148,240 
Financial liabilities for which customers bear the 
investment risk .........................................................  
291,993 
329,667 
253,229 
Debt securities in issue. ...........................................  
784,206 
735,917 
732,814 
Short positions securities. ........................................  
27,134 
28,613 
23,300 
Derivatives ...............................................................  
68,679 
28,106 
54,380 
Current tax liabilities .................................................  
1,811 
672 
424 
Deferred tax liabilities ...............................................  
3,599 
3,398 
2,784 
Pension provisions ...................................................  
168 
1,801 
3,665 
Insurance provisions ................................................  
2,041 
1,970 
1,859 
Other liabilities and provisions ..................................  
26,944 
28,933 
30,610 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income ....................  
4,664 
4,813 
4,038 
Senior non-preferred liabilities……………………… 
57,439 
37,832 
10,359 
Subordinated liabilities .............................................  
31,331 
28,604 
23,434 
Total liabilities ........................................................  
2,678,784 
2,588,921 
2,439,449 
Equity 
 
 
 
Non-controlling interests ..........................................  
29 
26 
25 
Equity attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank  
176,064 
161,670 
155,168

--- Page 151 ---
139 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Total equity .............................................................  
176,092 
161,696 
155,193 
Total Liabilities and Equity ....................................  
2,854,876 
2,750,617 
2,594,642 
 
 
For the year ended December 31,2022 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
 
 
 
Cash and equivalents at beginning of the year ............ 
360,153 
293,811 
195,286 
Cash flow from operating activities .............................. 
(18,620) 
49,409 
109,237 
Cash flow from investing activities ............................... 
691 
628 
1,383 
Cash flow from financing activities .............................. 
10,015 
14,151 
(8,698) 
Cash flow for the year ............................................... 
(7,914) 
64,188 
101,922 
Exchange rate differences on cash and cash 
equivalents.................................................................. 
13,753 
2,154 
(3,397) 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year ........ 
365,992 
360,153 
293,811 
 
 
As of or for the year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
KEY RATIOS1 
 
 
 
Return on equity.......................................................... 
13.3% 
13.2% 
8.9% 
Earnings per share, SEK ............................................. 
19.48 
18.62 
11.55 
Earnings per share after dilution, SEK ......................... 
19.43 
18.56 
11.51 
Cost/income ratio ........................................................ 
0.40 
0.44 
0.54 
Equity per share, SEK ................................................. 
156.8 
144.2 
138.5 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio ............................. 
17.8% 
18.3% 
17.5% 
Tier 1 capital ratio ....................................................... 
18.9% 
20.2% 
18.7% 
Total capital ratio......................................................... 
21.8% 
22.4% 
21.0% 
Full-time employees .................................................... 
16,803 
16,565 
16,213 
 
 
Note: 
1 See Section 20 (Definitions). 
9.2 
Ratings  
The Group/Swedbank9 has been assigned ratings by Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”), Moody’s and Fitch 
as set forth in the table below: 
 
 
Standard & Poor’s 
Moody’s 
Fitch 
 
Short-term 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Long-term 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedbank 
A-1 
A+ 
P-1 
Aa3 
F1+ 
AA 
On March 26, 2020, S&P lowered the long-term and short-term issuer credit rating for Swedbank AB 
and its core subsidiary Swedbank Mortgage AB to A+/A-1 from AA-/A-1+. The downgrade followed 
the SFSA and EFSA disclosures regarding investigations into Swedbank’s Baltic subsidiaries, as well 
as Swedbank’s disclosure of the findings of the independent investigation by Clifford Chance LLP. In 
its most recent rating report (November 15, 2022), S&P stated that Swedbank’s key strengths is being 
                                                     
9 
The ratings of Standard & Poor’s are assigned to both Swedbank and the Group. The ratings of Fitch and Moody’s are assigned only 
to Swedbank.

--- Page 152 ---
140 
 
 
a market leader in Swedish retail banking with a broad digital customer base, having a cost efficiency 
reflective of the digitalised banking platform and having strong earnings supporting stable risk adjusted 
capital. Key risks consist of vulnerabilities in risk culture, governance, and anti-money laundering 
processes and having a higher use of wholesale funding relative to international peers. 
On April 2, 2020, Moody’s downgraded Swedbank’s long-term deposit and senior unsecured debt 
ratings to Aa3 from Aa2, junior senior unsecured debt ratings to Baa1 from A3, subordinated debt 
ratings to Baa2 from Baa1 and baseline credit assessment to Baa1 from A3. The rating action followed 
the conclusions of the SFSA investigations and the independent investigation commissioned by the 
Group into anti-money laundering controls which showed serious and systematic deficiencies in 
Swedbank’s management of money laundering risks, particularly in its Baltic operations. On October 
8, 2021, Moody’s placed Swedbank’s deposits and senior unsecured ratings on review for downgrade, 
partially due to the SNDO’s proposal to amend the resolution framework, which will result in most 
Swedish banks needing to issue lower levels of loss-absorbing debt. On March 1, 2022, Moody’s 
reaffirmed Swedbank’s long-term deposit and senior unsecured debt ratings and placed the ratings 
on negative outlook. This rating action concludes the review for downgrade on Swedbank’s deposit 
and senior unsecured debt ratings initiated on October 5, 2021 following the Swedish resolution 
authority’s proposal for updated MREL which is expected to result in Swedish banks needing to issue 
lower levels of additional loss-absorbing debt.  
On July 1, 2022, Fitch upgraded Swedbank’s long-term IDR to AA- from A+, its short-term IDR to F1+ 
from F1 and its VR to aa- from a+. The outlook on the long-term IDR is stable. The upgrade reflects 
Fitch’s opinion that Swedbank’s AML risk control framework has been sufficiently strengthened and 
has addressed historical shortcomings at its Estonian subsidiary. Fitch stated in its credit update from 
December 23, 2022, that Swedbank’s ratings reflect Swedbank’s leading franchise in Sweden and the 
Baltic countries, low-risk business model and robust financial metrics. Swedbank’s well-executed retail 
banking strategy is visible in sustainable and strong earnings, solid cost efficiency and low credit 
losses. Swedbank’s funding profile benefits from a stable deposit base, low refinancing needs, ample 
liquidity, and strong access to the wholesale markets.  
The Group’s aim is to attain credit ratings that are on par with those of the banks with the highest credit 
ratings in the Nordic region.

--- Page 153 ---
141 
 
 
10. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations  
10.1 
Overview and Market Share 
The following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of Swedbank should be 
read in conjunction with “Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information” and the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 
2021 and 2020 which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as well as with the 
information presented under “Selected Financial Information” and “Selected Statistical and Other 
Information”. 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on estimates and 
assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. The actual results may differ materially from 
what is discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set 
forth in “Risk Factors”. 
10.1.1 Overview 
As of December 31, 2022, the Group served over seven million private customers and more than 
550,000 corporate customers and organisations through approximately 400 branches, primarily in its 
home markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. This includes customers reached through 58 
independent savings banks.  
The Group offers a broad range of services, including retail banking, corporate and investment 
banking, asset management and insurance, with the majority of the Group’s income generated from 
its retail banking operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s loans to customers amounted to 
SEK 1,799 billion. The Group recorded SEK 31,806 million in profit before impairments, Swedish bank 
tax and resolution fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and SEK 26,834 million in profit before 
impairments, Swedish bank tax and resolution fees for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Group 
has four business segments: (i) Swedish Banking, which generated 60 per cent of the Group’s 
consolidated income as of December 31, 2022, (ii) Baltic Banking, (iii) LC&I and (iv) Group Functions 
& Other. Group Functions & Other includes Group Financial Products & Advice.  
10.1.2 Market Share 
 
Market share, Sweden1, 2 
As of December 31, 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Private market 
 
 
 
Deposits ....................................................................  
18% 
19% 
19% 
Lending .....................................................................  
20% 
21% 
21% 
of which mortgage lending ........................................  
22% 
23% 
23% 
Corporate market 
 
 
 
Deposits ....................................................................  
15% 
16% 
16% 
__ 
Note: 
1 Swedbank estimates based on (i) management accounts as to Swedbank presence and (ii) Statistics Sweden as to Swedish 
market size. 
2 Swedbank discloses the corporate market share excluding financial corporations.

--- Page 154 ---
142 
 
 
 
Market share, Estonia1 
As of December 31, 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Private market 
 
 
 
Deposits ....................................................................  
48% 
51% 
51% 
Lending .....................................................................  
42% 
43% 
43% 
of which mortgage lending ........................................  
42% 
44% 
45% 
Corporate market 
 
 
 
Deposits ....................................................................  
39% 
43% 
44% 
___ 
Note: 
1 Swedbank estimates based on (i) management accounts as to Swedbank presence and (ii) Estonian Central Bank data as 
to Estonian market size. 
 
Market share, Latvia1 
As of September 30, 
As of December 31, 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Private market 
 
 
 
Deposits ................................................................... 
38% 
37% 
34% 
Lending .................................................................... 
35% 
34% 
35% 
of which mortgage lending ....................................... 
40% 
40% 
40% 
Corporate market 
 
 
 
Deposits ................................................................... 
28% 
27% 
28% 
___ 
Note: 
1 Swedbank estimates based on (i) management accounts as to Swedbank presence and (ii) Association of Commercial 
Banks of Latvia and The Financial and Capital Market Commission (Latvia) data as to Latvian market size. 
 
Market share, Lithuania1 
As of September 30, 
As of December 31, 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Private market 
 
 
 
Deposits .................................................................  
45% 
44% 
44% 
Lending ..................................................................  
39% 
40% 
40% 
of which mortgage lending .....................................  
39% 
39% 
39% 
Corporate market 
 
 
 
Deposits .................................................................  
30% 
29% 
31% 
___ 
Note: 
1 Swedbank estimates based on (i) management accounts as to Swedbank presence and (ii) Association of Lithuanian Banks 
data as to Lithuanian market size. 
10.2 
Significant Factors Affecting Results of Operations and Business Conditions10 
It is the Group’s view that its business, results of operations and financial condition have been affected, 
and may continue to be affected by the significant factors described below. The impact of these and 
other potential factors may vary significantly in the future. 
10.2.1 Global Overview and Macroeconomic Factors11  
The macroeconomic environment is a major driver of the Group’s earnings. In particular, it affects the 
demand for banking services and pricing as well as asset quality, and accordingly impacts credit and 
other risks the Group undertakes in the normal course of its business. The Group’s balance sheet and 
income statement is to a large extent dependent on general macroeconomic conditions. 
                                                     
10  
Swedbank Economic Outlook, January 2023 www.swedbank-research.com/economic_outlook.  
11 
Statistics Sweden, Statistics Estonia, Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia and Statistics Lithuania.

--- Page 155 ---
143 
 
 
In 2022, the world economy continued to be impacted by COVID-19. Although the contagion has 
slowed in certain areas through successful vaccination programmes and other government policies, 
countries began reopening. However, the appearance of various variants and ongoing lockdowns in 
countries, particularly in China, along with uncertainty regarding further virus mutations and inequality 
in vaccination rates have continued to impact the global economy. Indicators such as purchasing 
managers’ indices and confidence surveys showed that expectations and optimism improved during 
the beginning of 2022. Global trade also increased. However, starting in the second quarter of 2022, 
the global economic outlook turned negative. The war in Ukraine, the European energy crisis, high 
inflation and rising interest rates have eroded consumer purchasing power and business activity 
started to decline. Central banks have raised their policy rates and have signalled additional large rate 
hikes in the near future. The Swedish krona weakened against the euro and the U.S. dollar since 
Russia launched its invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022. Depreciation against the U.S. dollar is 
particularly evident as the Federal Reserve shifted toward a tighter monetary policy. From December 
31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, the krona depreciated by 8 per cent against the euro and by 15 per 
cent against the U.S. dollar.  
During 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve set the federal funds rate at 4.25 per cent – 4.5 per cent. 
However, due to rising inflation and tight labour conditions, the Federal Reserve is generally expected 
by the financial markets to raise interest rates again in 2023. In March 2022, the Federal Reserve 
ended its essentially unlimited asset purchases program along with several additional measures to 
support liquidity. To curb inflation, most central banks, including the U.S. Federal Reserve and the 
ECB are expected to tighten their monetary policies further in 2023. There are signs that inflation in 
the United States has peaked. In December, inflation fell to 6.5 per cent and is the sixth consecutive 
month that inflation is falling. There are expectations that the interest rate peak will be reached during 
the first half of 2023. In the eurozone, inflation has also fallen slightly, while mild winter and large gas 
stocks have reduced concerns about sharp increases in electricity prices. However, inflation remains 
very high and more interest rate hikes are expected in the near future. In November 2022, the 
Riksbank raised interest rates by 100 percentage points to 2.50 per cent and signaled additional 0.25 
percentage points in February 2023 increases to come. In December 2022, the ECB paused its 
purchasing program of EUR 20 billion per month and raised its key interest rates. The ECB raised 
interest rates in December for the fourth consecutive month by 0.50 basis points. Accordingly, the 
interest rate on the main refinancing operations, the interest rates on the marginal lending facility and 
the deposit facility are 0.50 per cent, 0.75 per cent and 0.00 per cent, respectively, effective July 27, 
2022. In 2022, the S&P 500 decreased by 19.4 per cent and the STOXX 50 decreased by 11.7 per 
cent. 
The ECB has continued to take measures to ensure financial market liquidity, including facilitating 
corporate loans; however, the ECB took steps to retract some of the stimulus. Various governments 
have also announced large support packages. The EU governments, spearheaded by Germany, have 
launched a stimulus package amounting to approximately EUR 750 billion. Similarly, the U.S. 
implemented a fiscal stimulus package, including cash transfers to households, tax cuts, and support 
for businesses. The Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme (“PEPP”) concluded at the end of 
March 2022, and the net purchases under the main programme are expected to run until at least the 
end of 2023. Even if the net purchases under PEPP will expire, the ECB Governing Council has 
retained some flexibility via PEPP reinvestments. These reinvestments may prove crucial and could 
allow the ECB to reduce the aggregate level of monetary stimulus, while ensuring that no member 
state is affected disproportionately and that yield spreads remain compressed. 
Most economic indicators are pointing downwards, but the world economy is still growing as world 
trade is increasing. In the United States, GDP rose by 1.9 per cent in the third quarter compared to 
the same period in 2021. In the euro zone and in Sweden, GDP increased by 2.3 and 2.6 per cent, 
respectively, during the corresponding period. The labour market remains robust and labour shortages 
are widespread in both the United States and Europe. The IMF World Economic Outlook (October

--- Page 156 ---
144 
 
 
2022) predicts the growth in global economy will drop to 2.7 per cent in 2023 from 3.2 per cent 2022. 
In the United States, the number of nonfarm payroll jobs increased by 223,000 in December 2022, 
resulting in an unemployment rate of 3.5 per cent and has remained in a narrow range of 3.5 per cent 
to 3.7 per cent since March 2022 (compared to 14.8 per cent at the end of the February-April 2020 
recession, the highest rate observed since data collection began in 1948).Unemployment is thus back 
to pre-pandemic levels followed by higher wage increases. The crude oil showed large price swings 
in 2022 due to the war in Russia. Oil prices reached over 130 USD a barrel in February as the war 
unfolded. Increased concerns about the supply of Russian oil as Russia is the world’s largest oil 
producer pushed up the price. Since then, the price has fallen back and at the end of December the 
price of oil was 86 USD per barrel compared with 79 USD same period 2021. The International Energy 
Agency estimates in its December 2022 oil market report that global oil demand will rise by 1.7 million 
barrels per day in 2023 when it will reach 101.6 million barrels per day. 
A general framework for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally 
sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally 
sustainable has been established in the EU Taxonomy. The EU Taxonomy, which has begun to be 
applied in practice in January 2022, is subject to further development by way of the implementation by 
the European Commission through delegated acts of technical screening criteria for the remaining four 
environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy. On April 21, 2021, the European Commission 
approved in principle the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, which sets out criteria for economic 
activities in the sectors that are relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering on climate 
change adaptation. This includes sectors such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and 
buildings. Criteria for other environmental objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in line with the 
mandates in the EU Taxonomy. 
10.2.2 Sweden 
Sweden’s sovereign rating of Aaa/AAA/AAA was maintained by all rating agencies during 2021 and 
2022. The Swedish economy rebounded sharply after the pandemic in 2021, but it has recently taken 
slowed down, due to concerns of rising inflation and a possible recession. Swedish real GDP 
(calendar-adjusted) is estimated to have increased by approximately 2.8 per cent in 2022 compared 
with an increase of 4.9 per cent in 2021 and contraction of -2.4 per cent in 2020, according to the 
National Institute for Economic Research (“NIER”) forecast published in December 2022. Based on 
the NIER December 2022 forecast, public finance is expected to have a supply of 0.8 per cent of GDP 
in 2022 compared with a deficit of -0.1 per cent in 2021 and a deficit of 2.8 per cent. in 2020. Public 
debt is expected to have decreased to 31.9 per cent of GDP from 36.3 per cent in 2021 and 39.5 per 
cent in 2020. Swedish public finances are still among the strongest in the EU. According to the NIER 
December 2022 forecast, the surplus in current account balances declined to 4.5 per cent of GDP 
compared with 6.9 per cent in 2021. However, Sweden still maintains one of the largest surpluses in 
foreign trade as a share of GDP. 
Swedish GDP growth slowed down in 2022 after the strong recovery in 2021.  In the first three quarters 
of 2022, GDP rose by 3.5 in the first three quarters of 2022. It is mainly weaker private consumption 
that contributes to the lower growth due to rising inflation and higher interest rates. Investments 
continued to grow supported by investments in the business sector while investments in housing 
started to decelerate. Consumer confidence has fallen to the lowest level since the global financial 
crisis of 2008/2009, according to the National Institute of Economic Research’s business cycle 
barometer. While the removal of COVID-19 restrictions in February 2022 lifted the annual growth for 
the second quarter of 2022, growth has since fallen. Retail sales in volume and in seasonally adjusted 
terms decreased by 2.1 per cent in average during Jan-November 2022 compared with the same 
period 2021, according to Statistics of Sweden.

--- Page 157 ---
145 
 
 
The household indicator from Statistics Sweden is a broader measure of households’ private 
consumption. As opposed to retail sales statistics, it includes the consumption of services. The 
household indicator increased by 3.0 per cent in 2022 compared with 5.4 per cent in 2021. As service 
prices have not increased as much as for goods, the fall in the volume of consumption is smaller 
compared to the statistics on trade in services. The business sector has been negatively affected by 
the high inflation, while demand has weakened. Industries that have been hardest hit are retail and 
household services when households' purchasing power deteriorates. The construction sector is 
another industry that is being hit harder than other industries now that house prices and housing 
construction are declining. It has also led to more corporate bankruptcies and fewer start-ups. So far, 
the effects on the labor market have been limited, but the number of notices has started to rise with 
the risk that it may continue further in 2023.   
Investment in housing increased by nearly seven per cent on average during the first three quarters 
of 2022 and is expected to weaken further in the fourth quarter. In NIER’s December 2022 forecast, 
investments in housing are expected to increase by 4.5 per cent in 2022 after an increase of 10.2 per 
cent in 2021. Overall, gross fixed investments are expected to have increased by 5.9 per cent in 2022, 
compared with an increase of 6.4 per cent during 2021. At the same time, private consumption is 
expected to have increased by 2.7 per cent in 2022 after an increase by 6.0 per cent in 2021. Unlike 
in 2021, in 2022 consumption of goods decreased while consumption of services increased. Global 
growth was unexpectedly strong in 2022 and supported the Swedish export sector. For the first three 
quarters of 2022, exports of goods and services increased by 5.2 per cent in volume terms compared 
with the first three quarters of 2021. A higher inflation rate in 2022 have also led to higher export prices 
which means the export in nominal terms increased by 22.5 per cent compared with 12.7 per cent 
2021. NIER’s December 2022 report predicted total export in volume terms to have increased by 4,7 
per cent in 2022 after an increase by 7.9 per cent in 2021. The Swedish krona weakened during 2022 
against both the U.S. Dollar and the euro. From December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, the krona 
depreciated by 8 per cent against the euro and by 15 per cent against the U.S. dollar. 
The Swedish economy is fundamentally strong, with a competitive business sector, strong public 
finance, low sovereign debt and low corporate default levels. But there are several challenges that the 
Swedish economy faces. The high indebtedness ratio among Swedish households poses a downside 
risk to the Swedish economy when the interest costs are rising. Another risk to the Swedish economy 
is the energy crisis in Europe and high energy prices, which mainly affect energy-intensive industry 
but also households. Economic indicators as purchasing managers index and NIER business surveys 
have pointed downwards in 2022 and signal an approaching recession, but the Swedish economy still 
continued to grow. In the second and third quarters of 2022, the Swedish economy accelerated after 
the removal of COVID restrictions in February but is expected to have lost momentum in the fourth 
quarter of 2022 as household purchasing power has significantly deteriorated due to high inflation and 
increasing interest rates. 
The chart below shows the real and estimated Swedish GDP growth (not calendar adjusted).

--- Page 158 ---
146 
 
 
 
 
Source: Statistics Sweden and Swedbank Research12  
The total value of exports and imports of goods amounted to SEK 1,827 billion and SEK 1869 billion, 
respectively, in 2022.13 There was a trade deficit in goods for the first time since 2018.  As set out 
below, Sweden’s main export partners during the year were Norway, Germany and the United States. 
The chart below shows the annual change in Swedish exports per region from 2013 through December 
2022. 
                                                     
12 
 Statistics Sweden, (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2022-12-28,  NIER Economic Outlook Dec 2022.  
13 
Statistics Sweden, (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2022-12-28, www.scb.se.

--- Page 159 ---
147 
 
 
 
Source: Statistics Sweden14  
The Swedish labour market deteriorated rapidly at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, but 
recovered in 2021 and 2022. The unemployment rate decreased from 7.2 per cent in January 2022 to 
6.6 per cent in December 2022, according to the Swedish Public Employment Service (“PES”). 
According to the Statistics Sweden, unemployment was 7.2 per cent in November 2022 (trended and 
seasonally adjusted). In 2022, the number of employed people rose, according to Statistics Sweden. 
In November 2022, employment increased by 149,000 people compared with same month in 2021. 
An employment rate of 69.3 per cent in November 2022 is still among the highest in the EU. However, 
although unemployment has fallen in 2022, long-term unemployment has risen. Rising unemployment 
is also structural. Individuals with less education or who have a non-European background have the 
biggest challenge integrating with the Swedish labour market, particularly when the labour market is 
weakening. In November 2022, the unemployment rate among foreign born individuals was 14.8 per 
cent compared with 3.6 per cent among native born individuals. The rise in interest rates in 2022 and 
falling house prices have followed by lower lending growth to Swedish households. In annual terms 
mortgage loans increased in December 2022 by 3.5 per cent after having grown by 6.8 per cent in 
December 2021. Consumer credit growth in December was 2.9 per cent, compared to an annual rate 
of 7.2 per cent in December 2021 and by 3.9 per cent in December 2020. Credit expansion to Swedish 
households began decelerating in the second half of 2017, when amortisation requirements were 
implemented by SFSA, from an annual credit growth rate of 7.2 per cent in March 2017 to 5.5 per cent 
in December 2018. The downward trend in credit expansion continued in 2019, reaching 5.0 per cent 
in December, but started to pick up in 2020 and 2021. In December 2022, annual credit expansion 
was 3.5 per cent, the lowest growth rate since 2006. 
The chart below shows the annual percentage change of household borrowing in Sweden from 2006 
to 2022. 
Pace of household borrowing stabilising 
                                                     
14 
Statistics 
Sweden, 
(Sw: 
Statistiska 
Centralbyrån, 
SCB), 
2022-12-28, 
https://www.scb.se/hitta-statistik/statistik-efter-
amne/finansmarknad/finansmarknadsstatistik/finansmarknadsstatistik/pong/statistiknyhet/finansmarknadsstatistik-november-
2022/

--- Page 160 ---
148 
 
 
 
Source: Statistics Sweden (SCB), data up to and including December 2022.  
Consumer confidence and real consumer purchasing power decreased in the second half of 2022 due 
to the high inflation rate. Due to the high inflation rate household disposable income is expected to 
have declined 2022 in real terms for the first since 1997. Private consumption, however, is expected 
to have increased by 2.7 per cent in 2022 on average and account for 1.2 percentage points to the 
increase in GDP, according to the NIER December 2022 forecast. High inflation pressures and 
recession fears have contributed to the deceleration in consumption and for 2023 private consumption 
is expected to decline. However, this change in consumption contributed to a decline in the household 
savings ratio, from 15.5 per cent of disposable income in 2021 to 11.9 per cent in 2022, according to 
the NIER December 2022 forecast. 
In the first quarter of 2022, house prices in Sweden continued to increase (quadrupling since 2000) 
primarily due to low interest rates, lack of housing, robust growth in disposable income and strong 
demand for houses. Since the second quarter of 2022, however, the housing market changed 
dramatically due to high inflation and higher market interest rates. Since the peak in March 2022 the 
housing prices have declined by 15 per cent seasonally adjusted according to Valueguard price index, 
and even more in large metropolitan areas. In November 2022, Valueguard’s price index decreased 
by 11.4 per cent compared with November 2021. According to Valueguard’s price index, single-family 
home prices were down by 12.8 per cent annually in December, while tenant-owner apartment prices 
decreased by 9.4 per cent for the period. This is the first time Sweden has experienced falling housing 
prices since 2018. The housing market in the second half of 2022 was characterised by transactions 
where sellers and buyers struggled to find a price point in equilibrium, which resulted in a reduction of 
the number of deals that closed compared to the same month in both 2021 and 2020. For 2022, the 
number of condominiums sold was 16 per cent lower than the record year 2021 and 8 per cent below 
the level in 2020, according to Svensk Mäklarstatistik. The number of houses sold was 10 per cent 
lower than in 2021 and 8 per cent lower than in 2020. 
In 2022, the average inflation rate according to consumer price index with a fixed interest rate (“CPIF”) 
increased to 7.7 per cent from 2.4 per cent in 2021, which is above the Swedish Central Bank’s inflation 
target of 2.0 per cent. In December 2022, the CPIF inflation rate was 10.2 per cent, which is the highest 
inflation rate since April 1991. The increase in inflation during 2022 was initially driven by higher energy 
prices due to the war in Ukraine and potential shortages of natural gas but has gradually broaden to 
other goods and services. In November 2022, the Riksbank raised its policy rate by 0.5 percentage 
point to 2.5 per cent and is expected to raise the policy rate further in 2023. Since the beginning of

--- Page 161 ---
149 
 
 
2022 the Riksbank has raised the repo rate four times by totally 250 basis points. According to the 
Riksbank repo rate path from December 2022 forecast, the repo rate is expected to 3.0 per cent.  
Sweden accounted for 77 per cent of the Group’s total income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
The rate of GDP growth (calendar-adjusted) in Sweden for 2020 and 2021 and the estimated GDP 
growth for 2022 is shown in the table below:15 
 
 
2022 
2021 
202016 
Sweden .................................................................................  
2.8% 
4.8% 
-3.2% 
10.2.3 The Baltic Countries17  
The Baltic countries saw robust growth in the first quarter of 2022, but slowed significantly during in 
the rest of the year primarily due to impacts from the war in Ukraine and high inflation. The Estonian 
economy is estimated to have contracted by 0.4 per cent during 2022, according to Swedbank 
Economic Outlook from January 2023. In Latvia GDP-growth is expected have to decreased to 1.1 
per cent from 4.1 per cent in 2021 according to Swedbank’s January forecast. The Lithuanian economy 
has been more resilient, but growth was nevertheless lower in 2022 (2.4 per cent) compared to 2021 
(6.0 per cent) according to Swedbank’s January forecast. The lower GDP growth is mainly driven by 
weaker domestic demand, private consumption and investment. In comparison, the GDP growth in 
the Economic and Monetary Union (“EMU”) is expected to be 3.3 per cent. Despite lower growth, 
unemployment continues to fall in the Baltic countries. The recovery in the Baltic economies has led 
to a decline in unemployment and is at a lower level, compared to a year ago but not yet back to pre-
pandemic levels. According to Eurostat, in November 2022, the seasonally adjusted unemployment 
rate in Latvia was 7.2 per cent, as compared to 7.3 per cent in December 2021. In Lithuania, the 
unemployment rate was 5.9 per cent in November 2022, as compared to 6.7 per cent in November 
2021. In Estonia, the unemployment rate was 5.4 per cent, as compared to 5.4 per cent in November 
2021. Wages continued to rise at a rapid pace, but not to the same extent as inflation, which was 
among the highest in the EU during 2022. In December, inflation rate in Estonia was 17.5 per cent 
compared with 20.7 per cent in Latvia and 20.0 per cent in Lithuania. The high inflation rate led to a 
sharp fall in the purchasing power for households in the Baltic countries. 
Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia reported credit impairments in 2022 (SEK 178 million in Estonia; SEK 
200 million in Lithuania; SEK 27 million in Latvia). 
In 2021, Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia reported credit impairments of SEK 117 million in Estonia, SEK 
18 million in Latvia and SEK 25 million in Lithuania. 
In 2020, Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia reported credit impairments of SEK 135 million in Estonia, SEK 
53 million in Latvia and SEK 50 million in Lithuania. 
Rate of GDP growth in the Baltic countries for the following periods:18 
 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Estonia ........................................................................................ 
(0.4)%  
8.0% 
(3.0)% 
Latvia .......................................................................................... 
1.1% 
4.1% 
(3.6)% 
Lithuania ..................................................................................... 
2.4% 
6.0% 
(0.1)% 
                                                     
15 
Statistics Sweden (SCB), 2022-12-28, www.scb.se and Swedbank Economic Outlook, January 2023.  
16 
NIER December 2022 forecast.  
17 
GDP and inflation figures from Statistics Estonia, Statistics Latvia and Central Statistical Bureau of Lithuania, respectively and 
Eurostat.  
18 
 GDP and inflation figures from Statistics Estonia, Statistics Latvia and Central Statistical Bureau of Lithuania; Swedbank Economic 
Outlook, January 2023.

--- Page 162 ---
150 
 
 
 
10.2.4 Interest Rates  
Fluctuations in short- and medium- to long-term interest rates impact the Group’s net interest income 
differently based upon the re-pricing profile of the Group’s interest-earning assets and interest-bearing 
liabilities, which are set forth in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus (see note G8 in the audited consolidated financial statements of 
the Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022). The Group’s re-pricing profile depends 
upon the pricing terms applicable to its products (including base interest rates and yield curves), the 
mix of funding and lending instruments in the Group’s portfolio and the extent of the Group’s use of 
interest-related derivatives. As a general matter, low interest rate levels have a negative impact on the 
Group’s profitability, since current accounts with a zero per cent interest rate generate a relatively low 
margin of income in a low interest rate environment. However, the Group’s re-pricing profile is to an 
extent characterised by a higher level of short-term liabilities than short-term assets. 
In 2022, the Group’s net interest income amounted to SEK 33,157 million as compared to SEK 27,048 
million in 2021. Net interest income within Swedish Banking increased to SEK 20,814 million. Higher 
deposit margins resulting from higher market interest rates and higher average volumes also 
contributed. Lending margins were lower. Net interest income in Sweden increased by SEK 3,644 
million, or 17 per cent, from SEK 21,230 million in 2021 to SEK 24,874 million in 2022. Net interest 
income increased 48 per cent in local currency within Baltic Banking. Rising deposit margins and 
higher lending volumes. Net interest income increased by 24 per cent within LC&I due to higher 
average lending volumes and higher deposit margins. Group Functions and Other net interest income 
decreased to SEK -899 million mainly due to effects of the bank’s internal pricing model related to 
higher market interest rates.  
In 2021, the Group’s net interest income amounted to SEK 27,048 million as compared to SEK 27,716 
million in 2020. Net interest income within Swedish Banking decreased to SEK 15,472 million. Lower 
average market interest rates negatively affected net interest income, but this was partly offset by 
higher lending margins. Net interest income in Sweden decreased by SEK 41 million, from SEK 21,271 
million in 2020 to SEK 21,230 million in 2021. Net interest income increased 4 per cent in local currency 
within Baltic Banking. Higher lending volumes and a positive effect when Swedbank qualified for the 
European Central Bank’s targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTRO3) were partly offset by 
lower deposit margins. Net interest income decreased by two per cent within LC&I due to lower deposit 
margins. Group Functions and Other net interest income increased to SEK 2,272 million mainly 
because short-term funding costs decreased and short-term market interest rates were lower during 
the year. For more information relating to interest rate risk management see “Risk Management—
Market Risks—Interest Rate Risk”. 
10.2.5 Exchange Rates  
The Group has a policy to not hedge foreign exchange exposures associated with goodwill and other 
intangible assets related to the holdings of foreign (non-SEK) entities. However, negative exchange 
rate changes from those exposures would not be reported in the consolidated income statement or 
affect the Group’s CET 1 capital. Those foreign exchange exposures would be recognised as other 
comprehensive income. 
Changes in exchange rates, primarily fluctuations of the Swedish krona against the Euro, during 2022 
positively affected the Group’s profit before impairment by around SEK 417 million. 
Changes in exchange rates, primarily fluctuations of the Swedish krona against the Euro, during 2021 
negatively affected the Group’s profit before impairment by SEK 177 million.

--- Page 163 ---
151 
 
 
For more information relating to exchange rate risk management, see “Risk Management—Market 
Risks—Currency Risk”. 
10.2.6 Capital Markets 
Net commissions from asset management and Insurance is directly impacted by fluctuations in global 
capital markets, as well as the value of assets under management. The Group’s net commission 
income for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 4 per cent to SEK 14,223 million, compared 
to SEK 14,853 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Income from asset management 
decreased due to the downturn in the capital markets, while income from card operations increased 
as pandemic restrictions were lifted during the year. Net asset management and custody commission 
income decreased 10 per cent to SEK 6,530 million in 2022, compared to SEK 7,238 million in 2021, 
mainly due to the downturn in the capital markets.   
Volatility in equity prices is expected to continue to have a significant effect on the Group’s results of 
operations. A decline in stock market prices by 10 per cent would have reduced the Group’s net 
commission by SEK 546 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 and SEK 677 million in the year 
ended December 31, 2021.  
10.3 
Funding 
In the first half of 2022, credit markets were marred by geopolitical concerns, rising interest rates and 
inflation, in addition to expectations of further central bank rate hikes. In the second half of 2022, bond 
yields rose significantly and market volatility was high. The short-term USD funding market was 
affected as the Federal Reserve increased interest rates. As a result, investors chose to retain liquidity 
or invest in shorter maturities than normal. In 2022, Swedbank was active in the international markets 
for long-term debt to meet its funding and regulatory requirements. During 2022, Swedbank issued 
SEK 113 billion in long-term funding in the form of benchmark senior preferred and non-preferred 
transactions (EUR and USD) and covered bonds. Despite the ongoing economic volatility, Swedbank 
maintained strong capital and liquidity ratios over the course of the year due to its proactive yet 
cautious management of portfolios carrying market risk.   
Swedbank’s funding strategy is based on the structure of its assets. More than half of its lending 
consists of Swedish mortgages, which are primarily financed through covered bonds and deposits. 
Swedbank is one of the leading retail banks in its home markets. Deposit volumes, together with 
covered bonds and shareholder equity, cover the majority of Swedbank’s total funding requirements. 
As of December 31, 2022, Swedbank's loan to deposit ratio was 139 per cent due to the faster growth 
of deposits compared with loans. Swedbank’s funding strategy is also closely linked to the credit 
quality of the assets on its balance sheet. One of Swedbank’s areas of focus for managing liquidity 
risk is to ensure that it maintains high quality lending activities. Swedbank strives to match unsecured 
funding against assets of an equivalent amount and maturity. 
The Group’s share of unsecured funding in its total funding mix is mainly determined by its liquidity 
needs and the buffer it wants to maintain in its cover pool in the form of over-collateralisation in order 
to withstand fluctuations in housing prices. Another driver for the issuance of senior preferred and non-
preferred debt is Swedbank’s minimum requirement for MREL. The first stage of MREL 
implementation required compliance by January 1, 2018 and the second and final step requires 
compliance by January 1, 2024. On October 18, 2021, the SNDO published its policy on 
implementation of the EU’s Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (“BRRD II”). The SNDO 
assessment showed that, as of December 31, 2022, Swedbank fulfilled its total requirements for 2024 
by a margin of 5.2 per cent. Expressed as a percentage of REA, the MREL requirement for Swedbank 
stands at 28.0 per cent for 2024.

--- Page 164 ---
152 
 
 
Management believes that both the Group and Swedbank Mortgage have a well-diversified investor 
base. 
The average maturity profile for all wholesale funding, including both short- and long-term funding 
programmes, was stable in 2022. The average maturity for all capital market funding arranged through 
the Group’s short- and long-term programmes was 23 months as of December 31, 2022, 26months 
as of December 31, 2021 and 25 months as of December 31, 2020. 
The following table shows long-term funding issuances from 2017 through 2022. 
SEK billion 
 
Source: Swedbank interim reports.  
10.4 
Valuation of Financial Instruments at Fair Value 
The Group recognises certain of its assets and liabilities at fair value. The value of these assets and 
liabilities has fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future, which may have a direct 
impact on the Group’s results of operations and the structure of its balance sheet. The fair value of 
financial instruments is determined based on quoted market prices in an active market and a significant 
portion is determined based on adjusted, quoted price or valuation models with valuation parameters 
derived from an active market. Fair value for a financial asset or financial liability in an active market 
is the current bid or offer price times the number of units of the instrument held. Where a trading 
portfolio contains both financial assets and financial liabilities which are derivatives of the same 
underlying instrument, fair value is determined by valuing the gross long and short positions at current 
mid-market prices, with an adjustment at portfolio level to the net open long or short position to amend 
the valuation to bid or offer prices. 
When such market prices are not available, generally accepted valuation models such as discounting 
of future cash flows are used. The valuation models are based on observable market data, such as 
quoted prices on active markets for similar instruments or quoted prices for identical instruments on 
inactive markets. 
The table below shows financial instruments carried at fair value as of December 31, 2022, by 
valuation method.

--- Page 165 ---
153 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
SEK million 
Level 11 
Level 22 
Level 33 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing 
with central banks, etc. ........................................... 
15,630 
3,112 
– 
18,742 
Loans to credit institutions ...................................... 
– 
15 
– 
15 
Loans to the public ................................................. 
– 
30,817 
33 
30,850 
Bonds and other interest-bearing securities ........... 
42,138 
19,160 
– 
61,298 
Shares and participating interest ............................ 
7,099 
4 
1,081 
8,184 
Financial assets for which the customers bear the 
investment risk ....................................................... 
290,534 
– 
144 
290,678 
Derivatives ............................................................. 
179 
50,325 
– 
50,504 
Total ...................................................................... 
355,580 
103,433 
1,258 
460,271 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Debts to credit institutions 
– 
659 
– 
659 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ................ 
– 
2,815 
– 
2,815 
Debt securities in issue .......................................... 
– 
2,371 
– 
2,371 
Financial liabilities for which the customers bear the 
investment risk ....................................................... 
 
– 
 
291,849 
 
144 
 
291,993 
Derivatives ............................................................. 
197 
68,482 
– 
68,679 
Short positions securities ....................................... 
27,014 
120 
– 
27,134 
Total ...................................................................... 
27,211 
366,296 
144 
393,651 
 
___________ 
Note: 
1 Level 1 – Financial assets and financial liabilities valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical 
assets or liabilities. This category includes, for example, Treasury bills and listed shares. 
2 Level 2 – Financial assets and financial liabilities valued using observable prices or the value is directly linked to certain 
asset values. This category includes, for example, less liquid bonds, loans to the public and deposits. 
3 Level 3 – Primarily contains unlisted equity instruments where the price is unobservable and the sensitivity in the value 
to changes in the unobservable parameter is linear in the model applied. To estimate the unobservable price, different 
methods are applied depending on the type of available data. The primary method is based on executed transactions or 
quoted share price of similar equities. Other inputs to these methods are primarily prices, proxy prices, market indicators 
and company information. The level 3 unlisted equity instruments include strategic investments. Swedbank’s holdings in 
Visa Inc. C shares are subject to selling restrictions for a period of until June 2028 and under certain conditions may 
have to be returned. Liquid quotes are not available for these shares, therefore the fair value is established with 
significant elements of Swedbank’s own internal assumptions. During 2022 there was a conversion of VISA Inc. C 
shares to Visa Inc. A shares. The carrying amount of the remaining Visa Inc. C holdings amounts to SEK 421 million as 
of December 31, 2022.  
10.5 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
The Group’s accounting policies are integral to understanding the financial condition and results of 
operations presented in the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto. The 
Group’s significant accounting policies applied in the financial statements are described in note G2 
‘Accounting policies’ in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and for the 
years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 which are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The preparation of financial statements requires the Group’s management to make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of 
income and expenses during the reported period. On an ongoing basis, the Group’s management 
evaluates its estimates and judgements, including those related to fair value of financial instruments, 
allowance for impairment of loans and receivables and impairment of intangible assets. Management 
bases its estimates and judgements on historical experience and on various other factors that are

--- Page 166 ---
154 
 
 
assessed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from estimates under 
different assumptions or conditions. 
10.6 
Valuation of Financial Instruments  
Starting with the year ended December 31, 2018, financial assets were classified as measured at 
either amortised cost or fair value through profit or loss, based on the business model for managing 
the assets and the contractual terms of the assets. The business model reflects how the Group 
manages portfolios of financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The factors considered in 
determining the business model for a portfolio of financial assets include past experience on how the 
cash flows have been collected, how the financial assets’ performance is evaluated and reported to 
management, how risks are assessed and managed and how compensation is linked to performance. 
Financial assets at amortised cost are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the issue or acquisition of financial assets and subsequently measured at 
amortised cost. Fair value is normally the amount advanced, including fees and commissions. The 
amortised cost is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition minus 
repayments of principal, plus or minus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method 
of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount and adjusted for any credit 
impairment provisions. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are initially recognised and subsequently measured 
at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue or acquisition of financial 
assets at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss. The fair value of financial 
instruments is determined based on quoted prices in active markets. When such market prices are not 
available, generally accepted valuation models such as discounted future cash flows are used. The 
valuation models are based on observable market data, such as quoted prices in active markets for 
similar instruments or quoted prices for identical instruments in inactive markets. 
10.7 
Credit Impairments and Provisioning Levels 
Following the implementation of IFRS 9, credit impairment provisions are measured according to an 
expected credit loss model and are intended to reflect an unbiased and probability-weighted amount 
that is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes and considering all reasonable and 
supportable information available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date. Such provisions 
are measured according to whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since the initial 
recognition of a financial instrument. 
 
Stage 1 includes financial instruments that have not experienced a significant increase in 
credit risk since initial recognition and financial instruments assessed by the Group as 
presenting “low credit risk” as of the reporting date, which is defined by the Group as having 
an investment grade equivalent rating. 
 
Stage 2 includes financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality 
since the initial recognition but for which there is no objective evidence of credit impairment. 
 
Stage 3 includes financial instruments which are credit-impaired and for which there is 
objective evidence of impairment. 
Credit losses expected within 12 months are recognised on instruments in Stage 1 and lifetime 
expected credit losses are recognised on instruments in Stage 2 and Stage 3. The lifetime expected 
credit losses represent losses from all possible default events over the remaining life of the financial 
instrument. The 12-month expected credit losses are losses resulting from default events that are

--- Page 167 ---
155 
 
 
possible within 12 months after the reporting date, and consequently only a portion of the lifetime 
expected credit losses. 
The Group measures credit impairment provisions using an expected credit loss approach. Expected 
credit losses are measured based on the stage to which the individual asset is allocated at each 
reporting date. If impairment decreases in subsequent periods, previously recognised impairment 
losses are reversed. Loans are never recognised at a value higher than what the amortised cost would 
have been if the impairment had not occurred. The carrying amount of loans is amortised cost less 
write-offs and provisions. Provisions for estimated losses on guarantees and other contingent liabilities 
are recognised on the liability side.  
The year ended December 31, 2022 was a turbulent year. The war in Ukraine and the European 
energy crisis is affecting the world economy and GDP growth has been revised downwards. Compared 
to our expectations a year ago, inflation has been much higher while interest rates have increased at 
a faster pace. Consumption has started to decline as households’ purchasing power has fallen. In the 
housing market, activity has slowed down markedly. In Sweden, housing prices have decreased since 
the peak at the beginning of the year. In the Baltics, the house prices remained stable. Compared with 
the Swedbank Economic Outlook, the GDP and unemployment rates used in the expected credit 
losses calculations are seasonally adjusted.  
High inflation, energy prices and rising interest rates combined with geopolitical instability have 
affected individuals and companies, resulting in a high level of uncertainty regarding economic growth 
going forward. As the quantitative risk models do not yet reflect all potential deteriorations in credit 
quality, post-model adjustments to increase the credit impairment provisions continue to be deemed 
necessary.  
The post-model expert credit adjustments amounted to SEK 1,738 million (SEK 1,796 million), which 
was attributable to continued uncertainty in certain sectors. The post-model expert credit adjustments 
were allocated as SEK 935 million (SEK 723 million) in Stage 1, SEK 802 million (SEK 1,071 million) 
in Stage 2 and SEK 1 million (SEK 2 million) in Stage 3. As of year-end, the main changes were that 
shipping and offshore and hotels and restaurant were reduced while property management and 
manufacturing were increased. The most significant post-model adjustments were in the property 
management, manufacturing, retail and wholesale, shipping and offshore, construction and 
transportation sectors. 
Forward-looking information is incorporated into both the assessment of significant increase in credit 
risk and calculation of expected credit losses. The formulation and incorporation of multiple forward-
looking scenarios are described in Note G3 Risks pages 84 to 85 in the 2022 Annual and Sustainability 
Report. There have been no significant changes during the year to the methodology. 
The macroeconomic scenarios are provided by Swedbank Macro Research and are aligned with the 
Swedbank Economic Outlook. The economic scenarios are developed to reflect assumptions about 
future economic conditions given the current state of the local and global economies. The base 
scenario has an assigned probability weight of 66.6 per cent. and 16.7 per cent is assigned to both 
the upside and downside scenarios. 
10.8 
Goodwill Impairment 
Goodwill is the excess cost of an acquisition over the fair value of its net assets. Goodwill is not 
amortised but is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently, if events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is 
allocated to each cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units. Testing is conducted by 
calculating the recoverable amount, i.e. the higher of value in use or the realisable value. If the

--- Page 168 ---
156 
 
 
recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount, the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. 
The Group’s tests are done by calculating value in use. The calculation is based on estimated future 
cash flows from the cash-generating unit that the goodwill relates to and has been allocated to as well 
as when the cash flows are received. The first three years’ cash flows are determined on the basis of 
the financial plans management has established. Subsequent determinations of the size of future cash 
flows require more subjective estimates of future growth, margins and profitability levels. In addition, 
a suitable discount rate is determined that in addition to reflecting the time value of money also reflects 
the risk that the asset is associated with. As far as possible, the discount rate and assumptions, or 
portions of the assumptions, are based on external sources. Nevertheless, the calculation is 
dependent in large part on management’s own assumptions. 
The Group’s goodwill amounted to SEK 13,774 million as of December 31, 2022, of which SEK 11,257 
million relates to the investment in the Baltic banking operations. As of the end of 2022, the impairment 
tests did not result in any impairment of such operations. Impairment tests include an assessed 
required Tier 1 capital ratio of 15 per cent. 
The estimates that management has made are significant to the Group’s results and financial position. 
However, goodwill impairment does not affect either cash flow or the capital adequacy ratio, since 
goodwill is a deduction in the calculation of the capital base. During 2001, 60 per cent of the Baltic 
subsidiaries were acquired. In 2005 the remaining 40 per cent was acquired. The majority, or SEK 
11,387 million, of the goodwill before impairment losses as of December 31, 2011, arose through the 
acquisition of the remaining non-controlling interest and at the time corresponded to 40 per cent of the 
operation’s total value. If the discount rate as of December 31, 2022 had been increased by one 
percentage point or the growth assumption had been reduced by one percentage point it would not 
have created any impairment losses in the Baltic banking operation. 
Impairment tests on goodwill and other intangible assets are performed at least once a year and 
whenever there are indications of impairment of any such asset. The impairment tests are made for 
each cash generating unit, which means that the goodwill is tested for each Baltic country separately. 
10.9 
Pensions 
The Group operates defined benefit pension schemes as described in the consolidated financial 
statements. However, the schemes have been closed to new employees since the beginning of 2013. 
The assets of the schemes are measured at their fair values at the balance sheet date. The liabilities 
of the schemes are estimated by projecting the growth in current accrued pension benefits to reflect 
inflation and salary growth to the date of pension payment, discounted to present value using assumed 
discount rates. In total, on December 31, 2022 the fair value of plan assets exceeded the obligation 
for funded defined benefit pension plans by SEK 2.4 billion, changing from a pension liability of SEK 
1.8 billion at the end of 2021.  
These assumptions are highly susceptible to change from period to period, and any change in the 
assumptions could result in a significant difference between the Group’s estimates of the scheme 
liabilities and actual liabilities. Such a change in estimate could significantly alter the amount of the 
surplus or deficit recognised in the balance sheet and the pension cost charged to profit and loss. 
10.10 
Accounting Presentation 
IFRS 17 was issued in May 2017 and amended in June 2020. IFRS 17 is applicable from January 1, 
2023, with transition date January 1, 2022 and was approved by the EU in November 2021. IFRS 17 
does not allow the unbundling of traditional life insurance that is made in accordance with IFRS 4 
between investment contract, reported according to IFRS 9 Financial instruments, and insurance 
contracts. Instead, traditional life insurance in its entirety will be reported as an insurance provision.

--- Page 169 ---
157 
 
 
Consequently, as of December 31, 2022, SEK 23 billion will be reclassified in the balance sheet from 
Liabilities for which the customers bear the investment risk to Insurance provisions. Related assets to 
traditional life insurance, amounting to SEK 22 billion as of December 31, 2022, will be reclassified in 
the balance sheet from Financial assets for which the customers bear the investment risk to Shares 
and participating interests. 
The removal of the unbundling option in IFRS 4 means that the accounting judgment of whether an 
insurance contract transfers significant insurance risk or not will become more important. As of 
December 31, 2022, after the introduction of IFRS 17, the recognised amount for investment contracts 
amounted to SEK 269 billion, which mainly consists of unit-linked contracts. Even if part of the carrying 
amount were to be reclassified and presented as insurance provisions, it is the Group’s judgement 
that there would not be a significant effect on the Group’s financial position or results because of short 
contract boundaries. The contracts refer to long-term savings, but according to the accounting 
judgment these contracts have short contract boundaries as they in principle can be continuously price 
adjusted. 
The profit or loss for insurance contracts will be reported in the income statement as Insurance result. 
In the notes the Insurance result will be divided to insurance revenue and insurance service expenses 
(insurance service result), insurance finance income or expenses and result of reinsurance contracts 
held. The income statement lines Insurance result and Return from financial assets backing insurance 
contracts with participating features are aggregated to Net insurance. 
The definition in IFRS 17 of cash flows within contract boundaries includes not only premiums, claims, 
claim- and policy administration costs but also other overhead costs, both fixed and variable, which 
relate to the fulfilment of the insurance contract. This new definition means that for 2022, administrative 
expenses in the income statement of SEK 0.6 billion will be reclassified to Net insurance. Net 
insurance, restated for 2022 and including remeasurement impact, is expected to be SEK 1.1 billion 
lower than previously reported. 
Due to the fact that IFRS 17 does not allow the unbundling made between investment contract and 
insurance contract according to IFRS 4, further minor reclassifications will be made between the 
income statement lines Net commission income, Net gains and losses on financial items and Net 
insurance. 
The transition to IFRS 17 can be performed according to three different approaches: the full 
retrospective approach, the modified retrospective approach and the fair value approach. The Group 
will apply all approaches. In general, the full retrospective approach will be applied for risk insurance 
and reinsurance contracts. The fair value approach will mainly be applied to insurance contracts with 
direct participating features. 
As of the transition date January 1, 2022, the Group’s equity is expected to increase by SEK 0.5 billion. 
As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s equity is not expected to be affected, because the expected 
restated profit for 2022 is lower than previously reported. The Tier one capital ratio is not affected. 
10.11 
Consolidated Income Statement 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Interest income .....................................................  
45,298 
30,364 
33,791  
Interest expenses ..................................................  
(12,141) 
(3,316) 
(6,075) 
Net interest income .............................................  
33,157 
27,048 
27,716 
Net commission income .....................................  
14,223 
14,853 
12,770 
Net gains and losses on financial items .................  
1,887 
2,048 
2,655

--- Page 170 ---
158 
 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Net insurance ......................................................  
1,655 
1,457 
1,518 
Share of profit or loss of associates and joint 
ventures ................................................................  
738 
976 
582 
Other income ........................................................  
1,561 
1,299 
1,298 
Total income ........................................................  
53,221 
47,681 
46,539  
Staff costs .............................................................  
13,246 
12,739 
11,872 
Other general administrative expenses .................  
6,474 
6,477 
7,107 
Depreciation/amortisation of tangible and 
intangible fixed assets ...........................................  
1,695 
1,631 
1,580 
Administrative fine .................................................  
— 
— 
4,000 
Total expenses ....................................................  
21,415 
20,847 
24,560 
Profit before impairments, Swedish bank tax 
and resolution fees .............................................  
31,806 
26,834 
21,979 
Impairments of intangible assets…………………… 
1,125 
56 
— 
Impairments of tangible assets ..............................  
13 
— 
2 
Credit impairments ................................................  
1,479 
170 
4,334 
Swedish bank tax and resolution fees ...................  
1,831 
791 
863 
 
 
 
 
Profit before tax ..................................................  
27,358 
25,817 
16,780 
 
 
 
 
Tax expense .........................................................  
5,478 
4,945 
3,851 
Profit for the year ................................................  
21,880 
20,872 
12,929 
Profit for the year attributable to the 
shareholders of Swedbank AB ...........................  
21,877 
20,871 
12,929 
Non-controlling interests .......................................  
3 
1 
0 
10.11.1 Interest Income  
Consolidated interest income was SEK 45,298 million in 2022, compared to SEK 30,364 million in 
2021. Higher lending volumes contributed and lower lending margins during the year offset the 
increase in 2022. Interest rates on loans to the public increased from 1.82 per cent on average in 2021 
to 2.27 per cent on average in 2022 and interest rates on loans to credit institutions increased from 
0.36 per cent in 2021 to 1.19 per cent in 2022. In Swedish Banking, higher average volumes 
contributed, but lending margins were lower. Interest income on bonds and other interest bearing 
securities increased from SEK 177 million in 2021 to SEK 935 million in 2022, mainly as a result of 
higher average interest rates and higher average volumes. Other interest income and derivative 
interest income increased from SEK 355 million in 2021 to SEK 469 million in 2022, primarily due to 
increases in derivatives income. 
Consolidated interest income was SEK 30,364 million 2021, compared to SEK 33,791 million in 2020. 
Lower market interest rates on most of the products mainly contributed to this decrease in 2021. 
Interest rates on loans to the public decreased from 1.93 per cent on average in 2020 to 1.82 per cent 
on average in 2021 and interest rates on loans to credit institutions decreased from 0.55 per cent in 
2020 to 0.36 per cent in 2021. In Swedish Banking, lower average market interest rates negatively 
affected net interest income, but this was partly offset by higher lending margins. Interest income on 
bonds and other interest bearing securities decreased from SEK 378 million in 2020 to SEK 177 million 
in 2021, mainly as a result of lower average interest rates and lower average volumes. Other interest 
income and derivative interest income decreased from SEK 827 million in 2020 to SEK 355 million in 
2021, primarily due to decreases in derivatives income. 
The components of interest income are set out below:

--- Page 171 ---
159 
 
 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Cash and balances with central banks ......................................  
3,272  
(1,129) 
(547) 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing with central 
banks etc 
 1,177 
86 
76 
Loans to credit institutions 
 770 
189 
314 
Loans to the public ....................................................................  
 40,886 
30,624 
32,645 
Interest-bearing securities .........................................................  
 935 
177 
378 
Total interest-bearing instruments .............................................  
47,041 
29,947 
32,866 
Derivatives ................................................................................  
 463 
292 
637 
Other assets .............................................................................  
 6 
63 
190 
Total assets ..............................................................................  
 47,509 
30,302 
33,693 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net gains and losses 
on financial items ......................................................................  
 (2,211) 
(62) 
(98) 
Interest income .......................................................................  
 45,298 
30,364 
33,791 
10.11.2 Interest Expenses 
Consolidated interest expenses were SEK 12,141 million in 2022, compared to SEK 3,316 million in 
2021. In 2022, interest expenses increased primarily due to higher deposit margins resulting from 
higher market interest rates. The fee for state deposit guarantees increased by SEK 35 million to SEK 
496 million in 2022, compared to SEK 461 million in 2021.  
Consolidated interest expenses were SEK 3,316 million in 2021, compared to SEK 6,075 million in 
2020. In 2021, interest expenses decreased primarily due to lower expenses related to debt securities 
in issue. The fee for state deposit guarantees decreased by SEK 105 million to SEK 461 million in 
2021, compared to SEK 566 million in 2020.  
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Amounts owed to credit institutions .................................  
1,248 
(208) 
204 
Deposits and borrowings from the public .........................  
5,081 
354 
847 
Debt securities in issue ...................................................  
10,602 
4,633 
7,282 
Senior non-preferred liabilities 
 659 
213 
102 
Subordinated liabilities ....................................................  
911 
764 
821 
Interest-bearing liabilities ................................................  
18,501 
5,756 
9,256 
Derivatives ......................................................................  
 (5,306) 
(2,879) 
(3,450) 
Other liabilities ................................................................  
58 
80 
99 
Total liabilities .................................................................  
13,253 
2,957 
5,905 
Deduction of trading-related interests reported in net 
gains and losses on financial items .................................  
(1,112) 
359 
(170) 
Interest expenses  .........................................................  
12,141 
3,316 
6,075 
10.11.3 Net Interest Income 
Consolidated net interest income increased by 23 per cent to SEK 33,157 million in 2022, compared 
to SEK 27,048 million in 2021. Underlying net interest income improved mainly on account of higher 
deposit margins and a better return on central bank investments. Higher lending volumes also 
contributed. Lower lending margins during the year and an adjustment to the deposit guarantee in 
2021 offset the increase. Net interest income increased within Swedish Banking, Baltic Banking and 
LC&I.

--- Page 172 ---
160 
 
 
Consolidated net interest income decreased by 2 per cent to SEK 27,048 million in 2021, compared 
to SEK 27,716 million in 2020. Group net interest income decreased mainly as a result of lower 
margins and higher expenses for surplus liquidity after deposits increased faster than lending. Net 
interest income decreased within Swedish Banking and LC&I, but increased in local currency in Baltic 
Banking. 
10.11.4 Net Commission Income 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Asset management and custody .........................  
6,530 
7,238 
5,721 
Payment processing ...........................................  
816 
809 
891 
Cards ..................................................................  
3,312 
2,965 
2,532 
Lending ...............................................................  
1,104 
1,056 
938 
Real estate brokerage .........................................  
188 
224 
192 
Corporate Finance ..............................................  
74 
89 
100 
Life Insurance .....................................................  
170 
280 
338 
Other ..................................................................  
2,029 
2,192 
2,058 
Total ...................................................................  
14,223 
14,853 
12,770 
Consolidated net commission income decreased 4 per cent to SEK 14,223 million in 2022, compared 
to SEK 14,853 million in 2021. Income from asset management decreased due to the downturn in the 
capital markets, while income from card operations increased as pandemic restrictions were lifted 
during the year.  
Consolidated net commission income increased 16 per cent to SEK 14,853 million in 2021, compared 
to SEK 12,770 million in 2020, primarily as a result of increases in asset management, due to the 
higher average assets under management. Income from cards and corporate finance also contributed 
to the increase. 
10.11.5 Net Gains and Losses on Financial Items  
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
 
 
 
Total fair value through profit or loss .........................................................  
(1,139) 
364 
1,318 
Total hedge 
accounting……………………………………………………………... 
(31) 
56 
(26) 
Amortized costs 
 
 
 
Derecognition gain or loss for financial liabilities........................................  
572 
(32) 
(112) 
Derecognition gains or loss for financial assets .........................................  
18 
208 
214 
Trading related interest .............................................................................  
1,099 
297 
72 
Change in exchange rates ........................................................................  
1,368 
1,155 
1,189 
Total .........................................................................................................  
1,887 
2,048 
2,655 
Consolidated net gains on financial items decreased to SEK 1,887 million in 2022, compared to SEK 
2,048 million in 2021. A positive valuation effect in 2021 in connection with Hemnet’s IPO and a 
negative result this year due to the sale of the Danish mortgage portfolio had a negative effect. 
Revaluations of the trading portfolio of corporate bonds had a negative effect, while repurchases of 
own bonds positively impacted the comparison.

--- Page 173 ---
161 
 
 
Consolidated net gains on financial items decreased to SEK 2,048 million in 2021, compared to SEK 
2,655 million in 2020. The decrease was mainly due to lower fixed income trading within LC&I. 
10.11.6 Net Insurance 
Net insurance increased by 14 per cent in 2022 from SEK 1,457 million in 2021 to SEK 1,655 million 
in 2022. The increase was mainly attributable to higher premiums in both life and non-life insurance 
operations, which was partly offset by higher provisions for non-life business. 
Net insurance decreased by four per cent in 2021 from SEK 1,518 million in 2020 to SEK 1,457 million 
in 2021. The decrease was mainly attributable to higher provisions in both life and non-life insurance 
operations, which was partly offset by higher premiums for both life and non-life business. 
10.11.7 Share of Profit or Loss in Associates and Joint Ventures 
The consolidated share of profit in associates decreased to SEK 738 million in 2022, compared to 
SEK 976 million in 2021, mainly because Entercard’s profit decreased. 
The consolidated share of profit in associates increased to SEK 976 million in 2021, compared to SEK 
582 million in 2020, mainly because associated companies were charged with provisions for credit 
impairments tied to the pandemic outbreak in the previous year. 
10.11.8 Other Income 
Consolidated other income includes capital gains and losses on the sale of ownership interests in 
subsidiaries and associates to the extent they do not represent an independent service line or a 
significant business conducted within a geographical area. Other income also includes capital gains 
and losses on the sale of tangible assets.  
Consolidated other income increased by SEK 262 million to SEK 1,561 million in 2022 compared to 
SEK 1,299 million in 2021. 
Consolidated other income increased by SEK 1 million to SEK 1,299 million in 2021 compared to SEK 
1,298 million in 2020. 
Staff Costs 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Salaries and Board fees ....................................................... 
8,651 
8,161 
7,524 
Compensation through shares in Swedbank AB ................... 
174 
195 
178 
Social insurance charges ..................................................... 
2,415 
2,348 
2,117 
Pension costs....................................................................... 
1,465 
1,493 
1,579 
Training costs....................................................................... 
88 
74 
82 
Other staff costs ................................................................... 
453 
468 
393 
Total .................................................................................... 
13,246 
12,739 
11,873 
Since July 1, 2010 Swedbank has paid parts of its variable remuneration in the form of shares. This 
remuneration is accrued as an expense until the shares are settled. As a result, variable remuneration 
allocated to employees during the period differs from the recognised amount. The purpose of the 
programme is to build long-term commitment among employees through deferred remuneration in the 
form of shares. 
Consolidated staff costs increased to SEK 13,246 million in 2022 compared to SEK 12,739 million in 
2021. Staff costs increased due to a higher number of employees. Variable staff costs decreased to 
SEK 347 million, compared to SEK 422 million in 2021. The number of full-time positions increased

--- Page 174 ---
162 
 
 
by 238 positions in 2022. There was a decrease of 50 positions in Swedish Banking, an increase of 
77 positions in Baltic Banking, a decrease of 253 positions in Group Functions & Other and a 
decreased of 42 positions in LC&I.  
Consolidated staff costs increased to SEK 12,739 million in 2021 compared to SEK 11,873 million in 
2020. Staff costs increased due to a higher number of employees. Variable staff costs increased to 
SEK 422 million, compared to SEK 362 million in 2020. The number of full-time positions increased 
by 352 positions in 2021. There was an increase of 79 positions in Swedish Banking, a decrease of 
eight positions in Baltic Banking, an increase of 195 positions in Group Functions & Other and an 
increase of 86 positions in LC&I. 
Other General Administrative Expenses 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2020 
2020 
Premises ...............................................................  
469 
454 
459 
IT expenses...........................................................  
2,665 
2,550 
2,318 
Telecommunications, postage ...............................  
108 
126 
162 
Consulting .............................................................  
804 
933 
1,545 
Compensation to savings banks ............................  
225 
228 
231 
Other purchased services ......................................  
1,081 
939 
1,054 
Travel ....................................................................  
86 
18 
62 
Entertainment ........................................................  
28 
22 
26 
Office supplies .......................................................  
70 
79 
95 
Advertising, public relations, marketing..................  
246 
301 
420 
Security transports, alarm systems ........................  
71 
71 
68 
Maintenance..........................................................  
119 
126 
94 
Other administrative expenses ..............................  
441 
498 
468 
Other operating expenses .....................................  
62 
132 
105 
Total .....................................................................  
6,474 
6,477 
7,107 
Consolidated other general administrative expenses decreased by SEK 3 million to SEK 6,474 million 
in 2022, compared to SEK 6,477 million in 2021. Consulting expenses to manage money laundering 
related investigations increased by SEK 88 million to SEK 443 million. IT expenses increased to SEK 
2,665 million compared to SEK 2,550 million in 2021. 
Consolidated other general administrative expenses decreased by SEK 630 million to SEK 6,477 
million in 2021, compared to SEK 7,107 million in 2020. Consulting expenses to manage money 
laundering related investigations decreased by SEK 497 million to SEK 355 million. IT expenses 
increased to SEK 2,550 million compared to SEK 2,318 million in 2020. 
10.11.9 Depreciation and Amortisation 
Consolidated depreciation and amortisation increased by SEK 64 million to SEK 1,695 million in 2022, 
compared to SEK 1,631 million in 2021. This increase is mainly attributable to other, intangible assets 
and right-of-use assets for rented premises. 
Consolidated depreciation and amortisation increased by SEK 51 million to SEK 1,631 million in 2021, 
compared to SEK 1,580 million in 2020. This increase is mainly attributable to other, intangible assets 
and right-of-use assets for rented premises. 
10.11.10 Impairment of Intangible Assets 
There has been an impairment of intangible assets in 2022 of SEK 1,125 million related to impairment 
of goodwill associated with PayEx and Swedbank’s Norwegian operations as well as impairment of 
proprietary software. There was an impairment of intangible assets of SEK 56 million in 2021 and no 
impairment of intangible assets in 2020.

--- Page 175 ---
163 
 
 
10.11.11 Impairment of Tangible Assets 
There has been an impairment of tangible assets in 2022 of SEK 13 million compared to no impairment 
of tangible assets in 2021. 
There has been no impairment of tangible assets in 2021 compared to SEK 2 million from 2020. 
10.11.12 Credit Impairment 
Credit impairments amounted to SEK 1,479 million in 2022 compared to SEK 170 million in 2021. The 
increase in credit impairments compared to credit impairments in 2021 were mainly explained by 
weaker macroeconomic scenarios as well as negative rating and stage migration. Swedish Banking 
constituted the largest part of the credit impairments for 2022. Credit impairments in Swedish Banking 
amounted to SEK 1,037 million (as compared to SEK -42 million in 2021 and were mainly explained 
by weaker macroeconomic scenarios and negative rating and stage migrations. Credit impairments in 
Baltic Banking amounted to SEK 402 million (as compared to SEK 160 million in 2021) and were 
mainly explained by weaker macroeconomic scenarios as well as negative rating and stage migration. 
Credit impairments in LC&I amounted to SEK 23 million (as compared to SEK 57 million in 2021), A 
weaker macroeconomic outlook was offset by lower credit impairment provisions for individually 
assessed counterparties in the oil and offshore sector as well as lower expert credit adjustments. The 
post-model expert credit adjustments amounted to SEK 1,738 million (SEK 1,796 million as of 
December 31, 2021), attributable to continued uncertainty in certain sectors. The post-model expert 
credit adjustments are allocated as SEK 935 million in stage 1, SEK 802 million in stage 2 and SEK 1 
million in stage 3. The most significant adjustments were in the property management, manufacturing, 
retail and wholesale, shipping and offshore, construction and transportation sectors., See 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Credit 
Impairments and Provisioning Levels” and “Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information”. 
Credit impairments amounted to SEK 170 million in 2021 compared to SEK 4,334 million in 2020. The 
decrease in credit impairments compared to credit impairments in 2020 was strongly impacted by the 
COVID-19 outbreak. Additional provisions in oil and offshore in 2021 were largely offset by improved 
macroeconomic scenarios. Baltic Banking constituted the largest part of the credit impairments for 
2021. Credit impairments in Swedish Banking amounted to SEK -42 million (as compared to SEK 664 
million in 2020). In 2020, credit impairments were impacted by the outbreak of the pandemic. Credit 
impairments in Baltic Banking amounted to SEK 160 million (as compared to SEK 237 million in 2020), 
mainly due to expert credit adjustments for sectors affected by COVID-19 at the beginning of the year. 
Credit impairments in LC&I amounted to SEK 57 million (as compared to SEK 3,425 million in 2020), 
mainly driven by individual provisions for a few counterparties in oil and offshore. The post-model 
expert credit adjustments increased to SEK 1,796 million (SEK 1,533 million as of December 31, 
2020), attributable to continued uncertainty in certain sectors. The post-model expert credit 
adjustments are allocated as SEK 723 million in stage 1, SEK 1,071 million in stage 2 and SEK two 
million in stage 3. The most significant adjustments are in the shipping and offshore, hotels and 
restaurants, retail and wholesale and manufacturing sectors. See “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Credit Impairments and Provisioning 
Levels” and “Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information”. 
10.11.13 
Tax Expense 
Consolidated operating profit amounted to SEK 27,358 million in 2022, compared to SEK 25,817 
million in 2021. The consolidated tax expense recorded was SEK 5,478 million in 2022, compared to 
SEK 4,945 million in 2021, resulting in an effective tax rate of 20.0 per cent in 2022 and 19.2 per cent 
in 2021. The higher effective tax rate this year is largely due to the non-deductible impairment of 
goodwill related to PayEx and Swedbank’s Norwegian operations and a lower share of income from

--- Page 176 ---
164 
 
 
associated companies and joint ventures. The Group’s effective tax rate is estimated to be at 19 to 21 
per cent in the medium term. 
Consolidated operating profit amounted to SEK 25,817 million in 2021, compared to SEK 16,780 
million in 2020. The consolidated tax expense recorded was SEK 4,945 million in 2021, compared to 
SEK 3,851 million in 2020, resulting in an effective tax rate of 19.2 per cent in 2021 and 22.9 per cent 
in 2020. Profit in 2021 included, inter alia, the SFSA’s fine, which was not tax deductible. The Group’s 
effective tax rate is estimated to be at 19 to 21 per cent in the medium term. 
10.11.14 
Profit (Loss) Attributable to the Shareholders of Swedbank. 
Consolidated profit for the year attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank in 2022 increased by 5 
per cent to SEK 21,880 million, compared to SEK 20,872 million in 2021, due to higher income. Higher 
credit impairments, impairments of intangible assets and higher expenses affected profit negatively 
together with the introduction of the Swedish bank tax. Return on equity was 13.3 per cent in 2022, 
compared to 13.2 per cent in 2021. The Group’s cost/income ratio was 0.40 for the year ended 
December 31, 2022 and 0.44 for the year ended December 31, 2021.  
Consolidated profit for the year attributable to the shareholders of Swedbank in 2021 increased by 61 
per cent to SEK 20,872 million, compared to SEK 12,929 million in 2020, due to higher income and 
lower credit impairments, and because the Swedish FSA’s administrative fine was paid in 2020. Return 
on equity was 13.2 per cent in 2021, compared to 8.9 per cent in 2020. The Group’s cost/income ratio 
was 0.44 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 0.54 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
10.12 
Results of Operations – Segmental Presentation 
The segmental income statement data set out below does not include intra-group eliminations. The 
effects of Swedbank’s ownership of Swedbank AS are included in Baltic Banking in the form of 
financial costs, Group goodwill and amortisation of the surplus value in the lending and deposits 
portfolios identified at the time of the acquisition in 2005. 
Financial reporting is divided into four segments: Swedish Banking, Baltic Banking, LC&I and Group 
Functions & Other. Group Treasury, Group Savings, Group Lending & Payments and Group IT are 
included in Group Functions & Other.  
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
 
 
 
Swedish Banking 
 
 
 
Net interest income ................................................ 
20,814 
15,472 
16,826 
Net commission income ......................................... 
8,727 
9,205 
7,922 
Net gains and losses on financial items .................. 
372 
586 
351 
Other income ......................................................... 
1,828 
1,855 
1,593 
Total income ......................................................... 
31,741 
27,118 
26,692 
 
 
 
 
Baltic Banking 
 
 
 
Net interest income ................................................ 
8,348 
5,369 
5,444 
Net commission income ......................................... 
3,073 
2,779 
2,585 
Net gains and losses on financial items .................. 
405 
437 
369 
Other income ......................................................... 
857 
767 
903 
Total income ......................................................... 
12,683 
9,352 
9,301 
 
 
 
 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
 
 
 
Net interest income ................................................ 
4,877 
3,947 
4,022 
Net commission income ......................................... 
2,621 
2,955 
2,345 
Net gains and losses on financial items .................. 
822 
981 
1,868 
Other income ......................................................... 
310 
315 
322 
Total income ......................................................... 
8,630 
8,198 
8,557

--- Page 177 ---
165 
 
 
Group Functions & Other 
 
 
 
Net interest income ................................................ 
(899) 
2,271 
1,424 
Net commission income ......................................... 
(213) 
(89) 
(82) 
Net gains and losses on financial items .................. 
288 
44 
67 
Other income ......................................................... 
2,371 
1,654 
580 
Total income ......................................................... 
1,547 
3,880 
1,989 
 
_______ 
For information on consolidated income statement data, please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations—Consolidated Income Statement.” 
10.13 
Assets and Liabilities 
10.13.1 Assets 
Total assets increased by SEK 104 million from SEK 2,751 billion to SEK 2,855 billion between 
December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. Loans to customers increased by SEK 122 billion. The 
contribution to the increase came from mortgages in Swedish Banking, which increased by SEK 23 
billion and mortgages in Baltic Banking, which increased by SEK 17 billion. Corporate lending 
increased by SEK 78 billion. An increase in lending to tenant-owner associations led to an increase of 
SEK 3 billion. Foreign exchange effects increased the value of lending volumes by SEK 26 billion 
compared with 2021. Cash and balances with central banks increased by SEK 6 billion and financial 
assets for which customers bear the risk decreased by SEK 38 billion. 
Total assets increased by SEK 156 million from SEK 2,595 billion to SEK 2,751 billion between 
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021. Assets increased by SEK 63 billion, due to higher 
lending to the public, excluding the SNDO and repurchase agreements. The biggest contribution to 
the increase came from mortgages in Swedish Banking, which increased by SEK 44 billion. Corporate 
lending increased by SEK 9 billion. A decrease in lending to tenant-owner associations led to a 
decrease of SEK 1 billion. Foreign exchange effects increased the value of lending volumes by SEK 
8 billion compared with 2020. Cash and balances with central banks increased by SEK 66 billion and 
financial assets for which customers bear the risk increased by SEK 76 billion. 
10.13.2 Liabilities  
Total liabilities increased by 3 per cent from SEK 2,589 billion to SEK 2,679 billion between December 
31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. The increase in total liabilities was mainly attributable to deposits 
from customers, which increased by a total of SEK 40 billion in 2022. 
Total liabilities increased by 6 per cent from SEK 2,439 billion to SEK 2,589 billion between December 
31, 2020 and December 31, 2021. The increase in total liabilities was mainly attributable to deposits 
and borrowings from the public, which increased by a total of SEK 130 billion in 2021, excluding the 
SNDO and repurchase agreements. 
10.14 
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
10.14.1 Funding and Liquidity Strategy 
Liquidity risk refers to the risk of not being able to meet payment obligations at maturity without 
significant increase in cost of obtaining means of payment (due to high borrowing costs or low prices 
when divesting assets). 
In accordance with the Board of Directors’ liquidity risk framework, Group Treasury has the overall 
responsibility to centrally manage the Group’s liquidity risks according to the principles and limits 
outlined by the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer.

--- Page 178 ---
166 
 
 
Swedbank’s funding strategy is based on the structure of its assets. More than half of Swedbank’s 
lending consists of Swedish mortgages, which are primarily financed through covered bonds. 
Swedbank is one of the leading savings banks in its home markets. Deposit volumes, together with 
covered bonds and shareholder equity, cover the majority of Swedbank’s total funding requirements.  
The share of unsecured funding is mainly determined by Swedbank’s liquidity needs and the buffer it 
wants to maintain in its cover pool in the form of over-collateralisation in order to withstand fluctuations 
in housing prices. Another driver for the issuance of senior preferred and non-preferred debt is 
Swedbank’s MREL requirement. The first stage of the MREL requirement required compliance by 
January 1, 2018 and the second and final step by January 1, 2024. On October 18, 2021, the SNDO 
published the policy on implementation of BRRD II requirements The SNDO assessment showed that, 
as of December 31, 2022, Swedbank fulfilled its requirements by a healthy margin. Expressed as a 
percentage of REA, the requirement (as measured as of 2023 year-end data) stands at 28.0 per cent 
for 2024. 
The main liquidity measure used by the Board of Directors and executive management is the survival 
horizon, which shows how long the Group can manage long periods of stress in capital markets in 
which access to new financing would be limited. As of December 31, 2022, the Group would be able 
to survive for more than 12 months without the need to access the capital markets. This applies to the 
Group’s total liquidity as well as liquidity in U.S. dollar and euro. This is an internally developed 
calculation which may not be comparable to similar measures published by other banks. 
Swedbank’s funding strategy is also closely linked to the credit quality of the assets in the balance 
sheet. One of Swedbank’s focus areas for managing liquidity risk is to ensure that it retains high quality 
in all lending. Swedbank strives to match unsecured funding against assets of an equivalent amount 
and maturity. 
Liquidity risks are measured and reported daily through analyses of the Group’s cumulated net 
financing requirement, based on daily contractual cash flows and the volume of liquid assets eligible 
for refinancing. These measures, showing the Group’s expected future cash flows, provide important 
information for liquidity risk management and for the planning of the Group’s funding. Impacts from 
non-contractual cash flows are measured through different simulations and stress tests. 
Swedbank Management is of the opinion that the Group’s working capital (i.e., its ability to access 
cash and other available liquid resources) is sufficient for it to meet its liabilities as they become due 
for a period of 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
For more information regarding liquidity risk management, see “Risk Management — Liquidity Risk”. 
10.14.2 Sources of Funding 
Swedbank uses a number of different funding programmes for its short and long-term funding, 
including programmes for commercial paper, certificates of deposit, covered bonds and senior 
unsecured debt. 
In 2022, Swedbank took the opportunity to enter the EUR, GBP and USD markets with eight 
benchmark transactions. There was also a continued increase in deposits to meet around SEK 173 
billion of maturing long-term debt for the full year, including an AT1 instrument which was called in 
March 2022 and a Tier 2 instrument which was called in November 2022. The funding plan is based 
on future maturities of long-term debt and is mainly affected by changes in deposit volumes and loan 
growth and is therefore adjusted during the year. Swedbank has a lower level of funding maturing in 
2023, but due to regulatory growth and loan growth development the funding plan is relatively stable 
compared to 2022. During 2022, Swedbank observed a stable demand for its debt which was

--- Page 179 ---
167 
 
 
confirmed by the investor interest in the benchmark transactions. Credit premium paid versus peers 
decreased during the year. Swedbank was less active in the domestic covered bond market due to 
the inflow of deposits and lower demand for loans.  
In 2022, Swedbank issued a total of SEK 127 billion in long-term debt, of which SEK 24 billion was 
issued in the fourth quarter, compared to issues of SEK 138 billion in 2021. Covered bond issues 
accounted for SEK 56 billion of the total in 2022. In 2023, Swedbank plans to issue SEK 109 billion in 
debt instruments to meet maturing funding with a nominal value of SEK 127 billion and credit demand, 
mainly in Swedish mortgages. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding short-term funding amounted to 
SEK 316 billion. Available cash and balances with central banks and excess reserves with the SNDO 
amounted to SEK 370 billion. 
The Group’s liquidity reserve amounted to SEK 561 billion as of December 31, 2022, compared to 
SEK 546 billion as of December 31, 2021. The liquidity reserve and the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the 
“LCR”) fluctuate over time depending on, among other factors, the maturity structure of Swedbank’s 
issued securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s LCR was 160 per cent (compared to 163 per 
cent as of December 31, 2021) and 168 per cent and 285 per cent, respectively, for USD and EUR. 
Pursuant to the revised Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR2”) (EU Regulation 2019/876), as of 
December 31, 2022 Swedbank’s Net Stable Funding Ration (“NSFR”) was 118 per cent, compared to 
123 per cent as of December 31, 2021. 
 
The Group 
SEK million, as of December 31, 2022 
Total 
Amount owed to credit institutions .................................................................................................... 
72,826 
Deposits and borrowings from the public .......................................................................................... 
1,305,948 
Debt securities in issue ....................................................................................................................... 
784,206 
Senior non-preferred liabilities ........................................................................................................... 
57,439 
Subordinated liabilities ........................................................................................................................ 
31,331 
Total ...................................................................................................................................................... 
2,251,750 
10.14.3 Maturing Debts 
As of December 31, 2022, the Group had external outstanding long-term issued debt amounting to 
nominal SEK 127 billion maturing in 2023, including a possible call of a Tier 2 instrument. 
As of December 31, 2022, the maturity distribution of the Group’s funding sources is reflected in the 
following table:  
 
SEK million 
<3 mths 
3 mths-1yr 
1-5 yrs 
5-10 yrs 
>10 yrs 
Discount 
effect / no 
maturity 
Total 
Amount owed to 
credit institutions ....  
55,880 
5,925 
11,021 
— 
— 
— 
72,826 
Deposits and 
borrowings from the 
public .......................  
1,249,366 
52,113 
4,436 
32 
1 
— 
1,305,948 
Debt securities in 
issue ........................  
183,297 
256,252 
348,681 
13,760 
17,412 
(35,196) 
784,206 
Senior non-preferred 
liabilities ..................  
— 
— 
50,157 
14,403 
— 
(7,121) 
57,439 
Subordinated 
liabilities ..................  
— 
8,246 
19,079 
5,590 
— 
(1,584) 
31,331 
Total  ........................  
1,488,543 
322,536 
433,374 
33,785 
17,413 
(43,901) 
2,251,750

--- Page 180 ---
168 
 
 
Long-term funding with an original maturity of over one year had an average maturity of 34 months, of 
which 33 months for covered bonds and 28 months for senior preferred funding. 
10.14.4 Deposits from the Public 
The Group is among the market leaders in deposits in all of its home markets and its market shares 
have generally remained stable in all those markets during the last three years. As of December 31, 
2022, the Group’s total deposits and borrowings from the public amounted to SEK 1,306 billion. The 
Group’s deposit base has increased during the last couple of years and increased by 3.2 per cent 
during 2022 mainly due to savings from private individuals, government support and quantitative 
easing from the Swedish Central Bank. 
10.14.5 Covered Bonds 
Swedbank Mortgage’s lending to the public is mainly financed through deposits and capital market 
borrowing, primarily covered bonds. Swedbank Mortgage is the sole issuer of covered bonds within 
the Group. 
Swedbank Mortgage is the market leading mortgage lender in Sweden with a market share of 22 per 
cent as of December 31, 2022.19 Swedbank’s more than one million customers include Swedish 
homeowners, businesses, tenant-owner associations, municipalities and agricultural and forestry 
businesses.  
10.14.6 Senior Preferred Debt 
As a further source of funding, the Group had outstanding senior preferred debt amounting to SEK 
123 billion as of December 31, 2022 as compared to SEK 130 billion as of December 31, 2021. The 
main purpose for senior preferred funding is to provide liquidity and to finance corporate lending and 
to fulfil the MREL requirement up to January 1, 2024.  
10.14.7 Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities 
In 2019 Swedbank issued senior non-preferred liabilities for the first time to fulfil the MREL 
subordination requirement. As of December 31, 2022, the sum of outstanding volumes is SEK 57 
billion. According to the current MREL requirements, Swedbank can fulfill the 2024 subordination 
requirement with its own funds and senior non-preferred liabilities. The total subordination requirement 
as per January 1, 2024 is 20.5 per cent of risk exposure amount, equivalent of SEK 166 billion, 
excluding buffers (given capital requirements and REA as of December 31, 2022). The subordination 
requirement will be phased in linearly with 13.5 per cent subordination requirements for 2023. 
10.14.8 Interbank Funding 
The Group’s dependence on interbank funding is low. As of December 31, 2022, amounts owed to 
credit institutions amounted to SEK 73 billion, compared to SEK 93 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
10.14.9 Subordinated Debt Instruments  
Swedbank had outstanding AT1 capital mounting to SEK 9,406 million as of December 31, 2022, as 
compared to SEK 13,624 million as of December 31, 2021. There was a call in November 2022 of a 
subordinated debt instrument. Swedbank called an AT1 note in March 2022.  
Capital Adequacy 
                                                     
19 
Statistics Sweden (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2022-12-31, www.scb.se

--- Page 181 ---
169 
 
 
The following table sets forth the consolidated capital adequacy data of the Group as of the dates 
indicated. The Group’s insurance companies are consolidated according to the equity method instead 
of full consolidation. Joint venture companies EnterCard Group, Invidem AB and P27 Nordic Payment 
Platform AB consolidates through the proportional method instead of the equity method. Otherwise, 
the same principles for consolidations are applied as for the Group. 
 
Consolidated situation,  
As of December 31, 
Available own funds 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ..........................................................................  
144,107 
129,644 
120,496 
Tier 1 capital ......................................................................................................  
153,320 
143,022 
128,848 
Total capital .......................................................................................................  
176,331 
158,552 
144,737 
Risk-weighted exposure amounts 
 
 
 
Total risk exposure amount .................................................................................  
809,438 
707,753 
689,594 
Capital ratios as a percentage of risk-weighted exposure amount 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio .....................................................................  
17.8 
18.3 
17.5 
Tier 1 ratio .........................................................................................................  
18.9 
20.2 
18.7 
Total capital ratio ..............................................................................................  
21.8 
22.4 
21.0 
 
 
 
 
Additional own funds requirements to address risks other than the risk of 
excessive leverage as a percentage of risk-weighted exposure amount 
 
 
 
Additional own funds requirements to address risks other than the risk of 
excessive leverage .............................................................................................  
2.3 
1.7 
2.0 
Of which: to be made up of CET1 capital ............................................................  
1.5 
1.2 
1.4 
Of which: to be made up if Tier 1 capital .............................................................  
1.8 
1.3 
1.7 
Total SREP own funds requirements ..................................................................  
10.3 
9.7 
10.0 
Combined buffer and overall capital requirement as a percentage of risk-
weighted exposure amount 
 
 
 
Capital conservation buffer .................................................................................  
2.5 
2.5 
2.5 
Conservation buffer due to macro-prudential or systemic risk identified at the 
level of a Member State ......................................................................................  
 
 
 
Institution specific countercyclical capital buffer ..................................................  
0.9 
0.0 
0.0 
Systemic risk buffer .............................................................................................  
3.0 
3.0 
3.0 
Global Systemically Important Institution buffer ...................................................  
 
 
 
Other Systemically Important Institutional buffer..................................................  
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
Combined buffer requirement ..............................................................................  
7.4 
6.5 
6.5 
Overall capital requirements................................................................................  
17.7 
16.2 
16.5 
CET1 available after meeting the total SREP own funds requirements ................  
11.2 
12.6 
7.5 
Leverage ratio 
 
 
 
Total exposure measure .....................................................................................  
2,735,019 
2,626,642 
2,526,721 
Leverage ratio .....................................................................................................  
5.6 
5.4 
5.1

--- Page 182 ---
170 
 
 
Additional own funds requirements to address the risk of excessive 
leverage as a percentage of total exposure measure 
 
 
 
Additional own funds requirements to address the risk of excessive leverage 
 
 
 
Of which: to be made up of CET1 capital ............................................................  
 
 
 
Total SREP leverage ratio requirements .............................................................  
3.0 
3.0 
— 
Leverage ratio buffer and overall leverage ratio requirement as a 
percentage of total exposure measure 
 
 
 
Leverage ratio buffer requirement .......................................................................  
 
 
 
Overall leverage ratio requirement ......................................................................  
3.0 
3.0 
— 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
 
 
 
Total high-quality liquid assets (HQLA) (Weighted value-average) ......................  
716,743 
717,469 
537,572 
Cash outflows – Total weighted value .................................................................  
578,133 
528,742 
413,139 
Cash inflows – Total weighted value ...................................................................  
80,684 
53,820 
77,124 
Total net cash outflows (adjusted value) .............................................................  
497,449 
474,922 
336,015 
Liquidity coverage ratio (%) .................................................................................  
145.4 
151.8 
160.7 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
 
 
 
Total available stable funding ..............................................................................  
1,663,231 
1,644,050 
1,652,303 
Total required stable funding ...............................................................................  
1,404,092 
1,331,522 
1,316,918 
Net stable funding ratio (%) .................................................................................  
118.5 
123.0 
125.0 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital adequacy 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Common equity tier 1 capital 
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity according to the Group's balance sheet ................................ 
176,064 
161,670 
155,168 
Anticipated dividend .............................................................................................. 
(10,967) 
(12,632) 
(16,320) 
Deconsolidation of insurance companies .............................................................. 
 
 
  
Value changes in own financial liabilities ............................................................... 
(339) 
(91) 
(77) 
Cash flow hedges.................................................................................................. 
(13) 
(2) 
2 
Additional value adjustments ................................................................................. 
(576) 
(1,037) 
(478) 
Goodwill ................................................................................................................ 
(13,863) 
(13,590) 
(13,414) 
Deferred tax assets ............................................................................................... 
(106) 
(68) 
(78) 
Intangible assets ................................................................................................... 
(4,005) 
(4,427) 
(4,116) 
Insufficient coverage for non-performing exposures .............................................. 
(11) 
(1) 
— 
Deductions of CET1 capital due to Article 3 CRR .................................................. 
(106) 
(137) 
(158) 
Shares deducted from CET 1 capital ..................................................................... 
(40) 
(41) 
(33) 
Pension fund assets 
(1,930) 
0 
0

--- Page 183 ---
171 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ............................................................................ 
144,107 
129,644 
120,496 
Risk exposure amount 
 
 
 
Consolidated situation, SEK million 
 
 
 
Risk exposure amount credit risks, standardised approach ................................... 
54,992 
51,273 
48,309 
Risk exposure amount credit risks, IRB ................................................................. 
336,516 
287,328 
299,652 
Risk exposure amount default fund contribution .................................................... 
149 
281 
556 
Risk exposure amount settlement risks ................................................................. 
0 
2 
0 
Risk exposure amount market risks ....................................................................... 
21,461 
20,306 
17,314 
Risk exposure amount credit value adjustment ..................................................... 
3,809 
2,338 
4,398 
Risk exposure amount operational risks ................................................................ 
79,995 
75,618 
73,521 
Additional risk exposure amount, Article 3 CRR 
71,411 
29,302 
19,800 
Additional risk exposure amount, Article 458 CRR 
241,106 
241,305 
226,044 
Total risk exposure amount ................................................................................ 
809,438 
707,753 
689,594 
 
 
 
 
Capital requirements1 
 
 
 
Consolidated situation SEK million 
 
 
 
Capital requirement Pillar 1 ................................................................................... 
124,756 
102,624 
99,991 
of which Buffer requirements2................................................................................ 
60,001 
46,004 
44,824 
Capital requirement Pillar 23 .................................................................................. 
18,374 
12,032 
13,712 
Pillar 2 guidance4 .................................................................................................. 
8,094 
10,616 
— 
Total capital requirement including Pillar 2 guidance ...................................... 
151,225 
125,272 
113,703 
Own funds ........................................................................................................... 
176,331 
158,552 
144,737 
 
 
 
Notes: 
1 
Swedbank’s calculation based on the SFSA’s announced capital requirements, including Pillar 2 requirements and 
Pillar 2 guidance.  
2 
Buffer requirements include systemic risk buffer, capital conservation buffer, countercyclical capital buffer and buffer 
for other systemically important institutions.  
3 
Individual Pillar 2 requirement according to decision from SFSA SREP 2022.  
4 
From Q3 2021 Swedbank consolidated situation is subject to Pillar 2 guidance.  
Basel III 
On December 16, 2010, the Basel Committee published its final framework for new capital and liquidity 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for 
credit institutions (the so-called ‘‘Basel III’’ framework). The CET 1 capital ratio according to 
requirements under Basel III is fully phased-in in Sweden. On a consolidated basis, the ratio of 
Swedbank’s CET 1 capital to its REA was 17.8 per cent. as of December 31, 2022 and 18.3 per cent. 
as of December 31, 2021. 
CET 1 capital increased by SEK 14.5 billion to SEK 144.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared 
to December 31, 2021. This change was mainly attributable to earnings, net of proposed dividend. 
The change in the accounting for employee benefits (“IAS 19”), which came into force in 2013, creates 
volatility in estimated pension liabilities and increased CET 1 capital by SEK 1.3 billion during 2022.

--- Page 184 ---
172 
 
 
Subordinated debt included in the total capital increased by SEK 2.7 billion where Tier 2 capital 
increased by SEK 7.0 billion and AT1 capital decreased by SEK 4.2 billion. 
The Group’s REA increased during 2022 by SEK 101.7 billion to SEK 809.4 billion as of December 
31, 2022 from SEK 707.8 billion as of December 31, 2021. Credit risk REA excluding additional REA 
for Article 458 (mortgage floor) increased by SEK 52.8 billion during 2022. Improved LGD levels 
resulting from increasing collaterals within retail mortgage customers in Swedish Banking and Baltic 
Banking as well as towards corporate customers within LC&I and Swedish Banking decreased REA 
by SEK 4.3 billion.  
The risk weight floor for the Swedish mortgage portfolio of 25 per cent., the Norwegian residential real 
estate of 20 per cent., and the Norwegian corporate real estate of 35 per cent. decreased REA by 
SEK 0.2 billion under Article 458 of the Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended by the Capital 
Requirements Regulation (“CRR”) (EU) No 575/2013. 
Increased exposures, including foreign exchange, have increased credit risk REA by SEK 51.0 billion, 
mainly due to increased exposures towards corporate customers within LC&I and Swedish Banking 
and retail and corporate customers within Baltic Banking. Probability of default migrations contributed 
to increases in credit risk REA of SEK 1.1 billion. 
Counterparty credit risk decreased REA by SEK 2.3 billion, primarily due to decrease in derivatives. 
Other credit risk increased REA by SEK 7.3 billion which was mainly due to calibration of the Baltic 
models according to the new default definition but partly offset by shorter corporate maturities and 
SME decrease. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee presented the finalised Basel III regulations, referred to as 
Basel IV. The regulations contain a number of policy and supervisory actions to strengthen the 
reliability and comparability of risk-weighted capital ratios and reduce unjustified differences in capital 
requirements between banks and countries. The actions include revisions to the standardised 
approaches used to estimate banks’ capital requirements for credit risk. A floor was introduced for 
banks that use internal models to calculate risk-weighted assets. The floor means that risk-weighted 
assets may not fall below 72.5 per cent. of the amount calculated using the standardised approach. 
The proposed changes would be introduced gradually starting in 2023 and be fully implemented by 
2028. However, the recent proposal from the European Council proposes an EU implementation in 
2025 through 2030, with transitional agreements in force until 2032.  
The additional risk exposure amounts for Article 3 in the CRR resulted in a REA increase of SEK 42.1 
billion, primarily associated with the frontloaded effect of the estimated REA impact from the 
introduction of the EBA’s guidelines on IRB models.  
Market risk REA increased by SEK 1.2 billion in 2022. Most of the increase was derived from the input 
to the internal model used when calculating market risk REA.  
REA for credit valuation adjustment increased by SEK 1.5 billion in 2022. The main driver for the 
increase was lower total exposure at default (“EAD”). 
The annual update of the operational risk calculation during December 2022 contributed to an REA 
increase of SEK 4.4 billion. The increase in REA for operational risk was mainly due to increased 
income levels.  
Since 2014, Swedish banks have been required to report their leverage ratio to regulators, and a 
formal disclosure requirement was introduced in the first quarter of 2015. Since June 28, 2021, a 
minimum leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. of the leverage ratio exposure measure (“LRE”) is

--- Page 185 ---
173 
 
 
applicable, in accordance with the regulation (EU) 2019/876 (“CRR II”). The SFSA decided to introduce 
Pillar 2 guidance on the leverage ratio requirement of 0.45 per cent. of LRE for Swedbank, which 
became effective on September 30, 2021. Swedbank’s leverage ratio was 5.6 per cent. as of 
December 31, 2022. 
For a further discussion in relation to the Basel III reforms which were published on December 7, 2017, 
see “Regulatory Considerations—Banking Regulation & Supervision in Sweden—Capital adequacy & 
liquidity.” 
10.14.10 Swedish Capital Requirements Regulation 
Minimum CET 1 capital requirements, implemented capital buffers, Pillar 2 capital requirements and 
Pillar 2 Guidance that Swedbank is required to meet are set out in the table below:  
 
Capital Requirements: Fully Implemented Buffers and Pillar 2 Requirements1 
 
CET 1 
AT1 
T2 
Total 
Capital5 
Pillar 1 
 
 
 
 
Minimum CET 1 Requirement ...........................................  
4.5% 
1.5% 
2.0% 
8.0% 
Systemic Buffer .................................................................  
3.0% 
— 
— 
3.0% 
Capital Conservation Buffer ..............................................  
2.5% 
— 
— 
2.5% 
Countercyclical Buffer2 ......................................................  
0.9% 
— 
— 
0.9% 
Other Systemically Important Institution 
Buffer (“O-SII”) ..................................................................  
1.0% 
— 
— 
1.0% 
Total .................................................................................  
11.9% 
1.5% 
2.0% 
15.4% 
 
 
 
 
 
Pillar 2 
 
 
 
 
Individual Pillar 2 Requirement3 ........................................  
1.5% 
0.3% 
0.4% 
2.3% 
of which Interest rate risk in the banking book ...................  
0.5% 
0.2% 
0.2% 
0.9% 
of which Credit-related concentration risk ..........................  
0.3% 
0.1% 
0.1% 
0.5% 
of which Adjustment to estimates of probability of 
default  ..............................................................................  
0.2% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.2% 
of which Pension risk ........................................................  
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
of which Commercial real estate add-on ...........................  
0.5% 
0.0% 
0.1% 
0.7% 
of which Other ...................................................................  
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Pillar 2 Guidance3 
1.0% 
— 
— 
1.0% 
Total .................................................................................  
2.5% 
0.3% 
0.5% 
3.3% 
Capital Requirements .....................................................  
14.4% 
1.8% 
2.5% 
18.7% 
 
 
 
Notes: 
1 
Swedbank's calculation based on SFSA's announced capital requirements, including fully implemented buffers, 
Pillar 2 requirements and Pillar 2 Guidance. 
2 
The Pillar 2 Requirement according to SFSA’s SREP decision in September 2022. 
3 
Note: Values in columns and rows might not sum up exactly due to rounding.  
In 2014, the SFSA decided which capital requirements would apply to Swedish banks beyond the 
minimum level of 7 per cent CET 1 capital (including the mandatory capital conservation buffer of 2.5 
per cent) in accordance with the EU rules. As of January 1, 2015, the four major Swedish banks are 
required to maintain a systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent in CET 1 capital within the framework of Pillar 
1 and a further 2 per cent within the framework of Pillar 2. The systemic risk charge within Pillar 2 was 
abolished in December 2020 and partly replaced by an O-SII buffer of 1 per cent which stacks on top 
of the systemic risk buffer in Pillar 1 and is to be fulfilled by CET1 capital. In September 2015, the 
Swedish countercyclical buffer (“CCyB”) rate was 1 per cent, and then it was raised to 1.5 per cent in 
June 2016, further increased to 2.0 per cent. in March 2017, and in September 2019 it was increased 
to 2.5 per cent The countercyclical buffer rate was released to 0 per cent. in March 2020, as a response 
to the COVID-19 crisis. The SFSA decided in September 2021 to raise the CCyB rate to 1 per cent 
which came into effect 12 months later in September 2022. Furthermore, the SFSA decided to raise 
the CCyB rate to the neutral rate of 2 per cent in June 2022, which will come into effect in June 2023.  
Due to the increase in the risk weight floor for the Swedish mortgage portfolio from 15 per cent. in 
2013 to 25 per cent in 2014, Swedbank has been required to maintain additional CET 1 capital for

--- Page 186 ---
174 
 
 
Swedish mortgages within the framework of Pillar 2. From the end of 2018, this Pillar 2 requirement 
has been replaced with the requirement within the framework of Article 458 of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 26, 2013 on prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 CRR to include 
risk weight floor for Swedish mortgages in the Pillar 1 framework. The change has not materially 
affected Swedbank’s CET 1 requirement expressed in nominal monetary terms. In addition, the SFSA 
decided in 2021 to recognise the Norwegian Ministry of Finance’s decision to introduce an average 
risk weight floor for retail and corporate real estate exposures in Norway of 20 per cent. and 35 per 
cent respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Swedbank held an additional SEK 34.7 billion in CET 1 
capital due to the risk weight floors under Article 458. In its internal controls, Swedbank allocates 
capital to its mortgage business equivalent to a 25 per cent risk weight floor. 
Since 2015, the SFSA has, in the course of its supervisory review and evaluation process SREP used 
standardised methods for assessing capital requirements within the framework of Pillar 2 for credit-
related concentration risk, interest rate risk in the banking book and pension risk. 
The total capital requirement for Swedbank, calculated as of December 31, 2022 on the basis set out 
in the table above, is equivalent to a CET 1 capital ratio of 14.4 per cent. and a total capital requirement 
amounting to 18.7 per cent. Swedbank’s actual CET 1 ratio and total capital ratio as of December 31, 
2021 were 17.8 per cent. and 21.8 per cent., respectively. It is therefore expected that the Group has 
an adequate buffer above the fully implemented capital requirement to manage volatilities in capital 
and the REA. According to its financial targets Swedbank’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio will 
exceed the SFSA’s requirement by 100 to 300 basis points. 
For a further discussion in relation to the Basel III reforms which were published on December 7, 2017, 
please see “Regulatory Considerations – Banking Regulation and Supervision in Sweden – Capital 
adequacy and liquidity.”  
10.15 
Off-Balance Sheet Obligations 
The Group has no significant off-balance sheet obligations other than those entered into in the ordinary 
course of business.  
10.16 
Cash Flow 
The tables below show the composition of the Group’s cash flow for the years ended December 31, 
2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Cash and equivalents at the beginning of the year .................  
360,153 
293,811 
195,286 
Cash flow from operating activities .........................................  
(18,620) 
49,409 
109,237 
Cash flow from investing activities ..........................................  
691 
628 
1,383 
Cash flow from financing activities .........................................  
10,015 
14,151 
(8,698) 
Cash flow for the year..........................................................  
(7,914) 
64,188 
101,922 
Exchange rate differences on cash and 
cash equivalents ....................................................................  
13,753 
2,154 
(3,397) 
Cash and equivalents at end of the year ............................  
365,992 
360,153 
293,811 
10.16.1 Operating Activities 
Cash flow from operating activities is based on operating profit for the relevant year. Adjustments are 
made for items not included in cash flow from operating activities. Changes in assets and liabilities 
from operating activities consist of items which are part of normal business activities, such as loans to 
and deposits and borrowings from the public and credit institutions, and which are not attributable to 
investing and financing activities. Cash flow included interest receipts of SEK 43,898 million in 2022

--- Page 187 ---
175 
 
 
compared to SEK 30,810 million in 2021 and interest payments of SEK 11,760 million in 2022 
compared to SEK 4,068 million in 2021. 
10.16.2 Investing Activities 
Investing activities consist of purchases and sales of businesses and other fixed assets such as owner-
occupied properties and equipment and strategic financial assets. Strategic financial assets refers to 
holdings of interest-bearing securities held to maturity and strategic shareholdings in companies other 
than subsidiaries and associates.  
During 2022, contributions were provided to joint venture Invidem AB of SEK 49 million and P27 Nordic 
Payments Platform AB of SEK 72 million and Tibern AB of SEK 3 million. Shares were acquired in the 
associate Thylling Insight of SEK 11 million.  
During 2021, contributions were provided to joint venture Invidem AB of SEK 25 million and P27 Nordic 
Payments Platform AB of SEK 25 million. Additional shares were acquired in associate BGC Holding 
AB of SEK 1 million. Shares in Hemnet Group AB were sold and Swedbank received a cash payment 
of SEK 110 million which is reported within Disposals of/maturity of other fixed assets and strategic 
financial assets in the cash flow statement. 
During 2020, contributions were provided to joint venture Invidem AB of SEK 23 million and P27 Nordic 
Payments Platform AB of SEK 31 million. Visa Inc. A shares were sold and Swedbank received a cash 
payment of SEK 794 million, which is reported in Disposals of maturity of other fixed assets and 
strategic financial assets in the cash flow statement. Shares in the Finnish credit information company 
Enento Group were sold. Swedbank received a cash payment of SEK 570 million, which is reported 
in within Disposals of/maturity of other fixed assets and strategic financial assets in the cash flow 
statement. The associated company Svensk Mäklarstatistik AB was sold. Swedbank received a cash 
payment of SEK 5 million and the capital gain was SEK 3 million. Swedbank received a cash payment 
of SEK 71 million as a final payment for the 2017 sale of the associated company Hemnet AB.  
10.16.3 Financing Activities 
In 2022 cash flow from financing activities decreased by SEK 4,136 million to SEK 10,015 million, 
compared to SEK 14,151 million in 2021, primarily due to lower dividends paid and lower amount of 
issuance of senior non-preferred liabilities. 
10.16.4 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and balances with central banks, which correspond to the 
balance sheet item “Cash and balances with central banks”. Cash and cash equivalents in the 
statement of cash flow are defined according to IAS 7 and do not correspond to what the Group 
considers liquidity.

--- Page 188 ---
176 
 
 
11. 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness  
The following table sets forth the capitalisation of the Group as of December 31, 2022. The table 
should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations” and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
11.1 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness  
 
 
 
As of December 
31, 2022 
Total 
capitalisation 
and 
indebtedness 
 
 
 
 
(SEK million) 
(%) 
Liabilities 
 
 
Commercial paper ......................................................................................... 
316,114 
30.1% 
Covered bonds ............................................................................................. 
343,284 
32.7% 
Senior unsecured bonds ............................................................................... 
122,559 
11.7% 
Structure retail bonds .................................................................................... 
2,249 
0.2% 
Total debt securities in issue ..................................................................... 
784,206 
74.8% 
Senior non-preferred liabilities ....................................................................... 
57,439 
5.5% 
Subordinated liabilities .................................................................................. 
31,331 
3.0% 
Equity 
 
 
Restricted equity ........................................................................................... 
66,279 
6.3% 
Non-restricted equity ..................................................................................... 
109,784 
10.5% 
of which Profit for the year............................................................................. 
21,877 
2.1% 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................................... 
29 
0.0% 
Total shareholders’ equity .......................................................................... 
176,092 
16.8% 
Total capitalisation and Indebtedness ....................................................... 
1,049,068 
100.0%

--- Page 189 ---
177 
 
 
12. 
Selected Statistical and Other Information  
The information below is unaudited and derived from the unaudited financial records of Swedbank and 
should be read in conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements and accompanying 
notes incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as well as with the section “Presentation of 
Certain Financial and Other Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations”. 
12.1 
Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity 
12.1.1 Average Balance Sheet Information and Information on Interest Rates 
The following tables set forth the average balances of the Group’s interest-earning assets and 
interest-bearing liabilities, other assets and liabilities, the interest generated from such assets and 
liabilities and average annualised return rate at each date presented. Average balances were 
calculated on the basis of monthly data. 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
SEK million 
Average balance 
Interest 
income/expense 
Average annual 
interest rate, % 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks ......................  
529,037 
3,272 
0.62 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing 
with central banks, etc 
144,794 
1,177 
0.81 
Loans to credit institutions .........................................  
64,496 
770 
1.19 
Loans to the public ....................................................  
1,799,150 
40,886 
2.27 
Bonds and interest-bearing securities .......................  
75,467 
935 
1.24 
Total interest-bearing instruments ........................  
2,612,944 
47,041 
1.80 
Derivatives ................................................................  
56,018 
463 
— 
Other assets .............................................................  
351,665 
6 
— 
Total assets .............................................................  
3,020,628 
47,509 
1.57 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value ...............  
— 
(2,211) 
— 
Interest income according to income statement ..  
— 
45,298 
— 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ...........................  
155,527 
1,248 
0.80 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ...................  
1,353,980 
5,081 
0.38 
of which deposit guarantee fees ................................  
— 
496 
— 
Debt securities in issue  ............................................  
836,869 
10,602 
1.27 
Senior non-preferred liabilities 
 
49,208 
659 
1.34 
Subordinated liabilities ..............................................  
28,731 
911 
3.17 
Total interest-bearing instruments ........................  
2,424,315 
18,501 
0.76 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives ................................................................  
51,927 
(5,306) 
— 
Other liabilities ..........................................................  
379,612 
58 
— 
 
 
 
 
Of which leasing liabilities 
 
44 
 
Total liabilities .........................................................  
2,855,854 
13,253 
0.46 
Equity.......................................................................  
164,773 
— 
—

--- Page 190 ---
178 
 
 
Total liabilities and equity ......................................  
3,020,628 
— 
 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value ...............  
— 
(1,112) 
— 
Interest expense, according to income statement  
— 
12,141 
— 
Net interest income .................................................  
— 
33,157 
— 
Net investment margin before trading interest is 
deducted ..................................................................  
— 
 — 
1.13 
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
SEK million 
Average balance 
Interest 
income/expense 
Average annual 
interest rate, % 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks ......................  
529,765 
(1,129) 
(0.21) 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing with 
central banks, etc ......................................................  
140,694 
(86) 
0.06 
Loans to credit institutions .........................................  
52,981 
189 
0.36 
Loans to the public ....................................................  
1,683,510 
30,624 
1.82 
Bonds and interest-bearing securities .......................  
66,681 
177 
0.27 
Total interest-bearing instruments ........................  
2,473,632 
29,947 
1.21 
Derivatives ................................................................  
40,589 
292 
— 
Other assets .............................................................  
374,649 
63 
— 
Total assets .............................................................  
2,888,870 
30,302 
1.05 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value ...............  
— 
(62) 
— 
Interest income, according to income statement .  
— 
30,364 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ...........................  
158,702 
(208) 
(0.13) 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ...................  
1,280,661 
354 
0.03 
of which deposit guarantee fees ................................  
— 
461 
— 
Debt securities in issue  ............................................  
831,480 
4,633 
0.56 
Senior non-preferred liabilities 
28,681 
213 
0.74 
 
25,429 
764 
3.00 
Subordinated liabilities ..............................................  
 
 
 
Total interest-bearing instruments ........................  
2,324,953 
5,756 
0.25 
Derivatives ................................................................  
31,985 
(2,879) 
— 
Other liabilities ..........................................................  
373,424 
80 
— 
 
 
 
 
of which leasing liabilities 
2,730,362 
42 
— 
Total liabilities .........................................................  
2,730,362 
2,957 
0.14 
Equity.......................................................................  
158,508 
— 
— 
Total liabilities and equity ......................................  
2,888,870 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value ...............  
— 
359 
— 
Interest expense, according to income statement  
— 
3,316 
— 
Net interest income .................................................  
— 
27,048 
— 
Net investment margin before trading interest is 
deducted ..................................................................  
— 
— 
0.95

--- Page 191 ---
179 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2020 
SEK million 
Average balance 
Interest 
income/expense 
Average annual 
interest rate, % 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks ..........................  
332,928 
(547) 
(0.16) 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for refinancing with 
central banks, etc 
143,126 
76 
0.05 
Loans to credit institutions .............................................  
57,207 
314 
0.55 
Loans to the public ........................................................  
1 689,245 
32,645 
1.93 
Bonds and interest-bearing securities ...........................  
84,792 
378 
0.45 
Total interest-bearing instruments ............................  
2,307,298 
32,866 
1.42 
Derivatives ....................................................................  
56,693 
637 
— 
Other assets .................................................................  
306,870 
190 
— 
Total assets .................................................................  
2,670,861 
33,693 
1.26 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net gains/losses 
on financial items at fair value .......................................  
— 
(98) 
— 
Interest income, according to income statement .....  
— 
33,791 
— 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ...............................  
156,827 
204 
0.13 
Deposits and borrowings from the public .......................  
1,108,462 
847 
0.08 
of which deposit guarantee fees ....................................  
—  
566 
— 
Debt securities in issue  ................................................  
851,691 
7,282 
0.86 
 
10,811 
102 
0.94 
Subordinated liabilities ..................................................  
26,800 
821 
3.06 
Total interest-bearing instruments ............................  
2,154,591 
9,256 
0.43 
Derivatives ....................................................................  
48,237 
(3,450) 
 
Other liabilities ..............................................................  
321,987 
99  
— 
of which leasing liabilities 
3,698 
44 
— 
Total liabilities .............................................................  
2,524,815 
5,905 
0.27 
Equity...........................................................................  
146,046 
— 
— 
Total liabilities and equity ..........................................  
2,670,861 
— 
— 
Deduction of trading interests reported in net gains/losses 
on financial items at fair value .......................................  
— 
(170) 
— 
Interest expense, according to income statement ....  
— 
5,735 
— 
Net interest income .....................................................  
— 
27,716 
— 
Net interest margin before trading interest is 
deducted ......................................................................  
— 
— 
1.01 
 
12.1.2 Changes in Interest Income; Volume and Rates Analysis 
The following tables set forth the effect of changes in the Group’s interest income resulting from 
fluctuations in the average volumes and average yield rate at each date presented. 
 
 
December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 
 
Increase/(decrease) due to changes 
SEK million 
Average volume 
Average interest 
Net change 
Cash and balances with central banks 
 
(728) 
4,401 
3,673 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for 
refinancing with central banks 
4,100 
1,091 
5,191

--- Page 192 ---
180 
 
 
 
December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 
 
Increase/(decrease) due to changes 
SEK million 
Average volume 
Average interest 
Net change 
 
Loans to credit institutions .................................  
11,515 
581 
12,096 
Loans to the public ............................................  
115,640 
10,262 
125,902 
Bonds and interest-bearing securities ...............  
8,786 
758 
9,544 
Total interest-bearing assets .........................  
139,312 
17,094 
156,406 
Derivatives ........................................................  
15,429 
171 
15,600 
Other assets .....................................................  
(22,984) 
(57) 
(23,401) 
of which interest income reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value .......  
 
— 
 
(2,273) 
 
(2,273) 
Interest income according to income 
statement .........................................................  
131,758 
14,934 
 
146,692 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ...................  
(3,174) 
1,456 
(1,718) 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ...........  
73,319 
4,727 
78,046 
Debt securities in issue. ....................................  
5,389 
5,969 
11,358 
Senior non-preferred liabilities 
 
20,526 
446 
20,972 
Subordinated liabilities ......................................  
3,302 
147 
3,449 
Interest-bearing liabilities ...............................  
99,362 
12,745 
112,107 
Derivatives ........................................................  
19,942 
(2,427) 
17,515 
Other liabilities ..................................................  
6,188 
(22) 
6,166 
of which interest income reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value .......  
— 
(1,471) 
(1,471) 
Interest expense according to income 
statement .........................................................  
125,492 
8,825 
135,317 
 
 
December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 
 
Increase/(decrease) due to changes 
SEK million 
Average volume 
Average interest 
Net change 
Cash and balances with central banks 
196,837 
(582) 
196,255 
Treasury bills and other bills eligible for 
refinancing with central banks 
(2,432) 
10 
(2,422) 
Loans to credit institutions .................................  
(4,226) 
(125) 
(4,351) 
Loans to the public ............................................  
(5,735) 
(2,021) 
(7,756) 
Bonds and interest-bearing securities ...............  
(18,111) 
(201) 
(18,312) 
Total interest-bearing assets .........................  
166,334 
(2,919) 
163,415 
Derivatives ........................................................  
(16,104) 
(345) 
(16,449) 
Other assets .....................................................  
67,779 
(127) 
67,652 
of which interest income reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value .......  
— 
(36) 
(36) 
Interest income according to income 
statement .........................................................  
218,009 
(3,427) 
214,582 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit institutions ...................  
1,875 
(412) 
1,463 
Deposits and borrowings from the public ...........  
172,199 
(493) 
171,706 
Debt securities in issue. ....................................  
(20,211) 
(2,649) 
(22,860) 
Senior non-preferred liabilities 
17,870 
111 
17,981 
Subordinated liabilities ......................................  
(1,371) 
(57) 
(1,428)

--- Page 193 ---
181 
 
 
 
December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 
 
Increase/(decrease) due to changes 
SEK million 
Average volume 
Average interest 
Net change 
Interest-bearing liabilities ...............................  
170,362 
(3,500) 
166,862 
Derivatives ........................................................  
(16,252) 
571 
(15,681) 
Other liabilities ..................................................  
51,437 
(19) 
51,418 
of which interest income reported in net 
gains/losses on financial items at fair value .......  
— 
189 
189 
Interest expense according to income 
statement .........................................................  
205,547 
(2,759) 
202,788 
 
12.1.3 Investment Portfolio 
The following tables set forth information regarding the Group’s investment portfolio of debt securities 
at the dates presented, together with information regarding when the instruments comprising the 
portfolio are due to mature: 
 
 
Carrying amount 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Treasury bills 
 
 
 
Governments  ...........................................................  
149,212 
160,461 
134,145 
Municipalities ............................................................  
2,271 
3,129 
3,046 
Total .........................................................................  
151,483 
163,590 
137,191  
 
 
 
 
Bonds 
 
 
 
Mortgage institutions .................................................  
31,471 
29,135 
25,192 
Banks........................................................................  
15,565 
13,299 
15,445 
Other financial companies .........................................  
11,413 
10,494 
13,181 
Non-financial companies ...........................................  
2,849 
5,165 
6,157 
Total .........................................................................  
61,298 
58,093 
59,975 
 
 
 
Book value 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
SEK million 
Within 1 
year 
1 to 5 years 
5 to 10 years 
Over 10 
years 
Treasury bills 
 
 
 
 
Governments ............................................................  
137,450 
7,258 
3,336 
1,170 
Municipalities ............................................................  
1,094 
1,174 
— 
— 
Total .........................................................................  
138,545 
8,432 
3,336 
1,170 
Bonds1 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage institutions .................................................  
5,798 
16,722 
9,002 
44 
Banks........................................................................  
3,797 
7,466 
2,244 
45 
Other financial companies .........................................  
1,900 
7,934 
1,540 
— 
Non-financial companies ...........................................  
1,200 
3,396 
184 
24 
Total .........................................................................  
12,695 
35,518 
12,971 
114 
 
 ________________ 
Note: 
1There are no issuers where the aggregated book value of the securities exceeds ten per cent of shareholders’ equity.

--- Page 194 ---
182 
 
 
12.2 
Types of Loans 
The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s loan portfolio at the dates presented: 
 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Sector/industry 
 
 
 
 
 
Private customers ........................  
1,178,655 
1,134,368 
1,080,892 
1,053,328 
1,030,507 
Mortgage loans, private ................  
1,031,854 
991,148 
939,087 
905,092 
876,157 
Housing cooperatives...................  
93,642 
91,685 
92,977 
99,629 
106,922 
Other, private ...............................  
53,160 
51,535 
48,828 
48,607 
47,428 
Corporate customers 
625,721 
549,089 
543,185 
558,822 
552,851 
Agriculture, forestry, fishing ..........  
63,238 
63,582 
64,745 
65,401 
67,285 
Manufacturing ..............................  
49,218 
37,255 
39,084 
43,418 
43,669 
Public sector and utilities ..............  
37,501 
31,335 
25,864 
22,815 
19,672 
Construction .................................  
19,927 
20,076 
19,754 
19,529 
20,204 
Retail ...........................................  
40,749 
30,131 
29,505 
32,415 
31,347 
Transportation ..............................  
14,731 
13,295 
12,982 
15,228 
16,391 
Shipping and offshore ..................  
11,486 
13,302 
17,120 
21,302 
24,301 
Hotels and restaurants .................  
7,234 
7,671 
9,317 
9,626 
8,661 
Information and communication ...  
21,049 
15,777 
13,623 
12,594 
13,678 
Finance and insurance .................  
24,153 
18,604 
20,849 
16,955 
14,792 
Property management..................  
294,393 
261,322 
247,629 
255,186 
244,446 
Professional services ...................  
25,829 
19,653 
21,348 
24,841 
29,967 
Other corporate lending ...............  
16,213 
17,086 
21,365 
19,512 
18,438 
Loans to the public excluding 
the Swedish National Debt 
Office and repurchase 
agreements .................................  
 
 
 
1,804,376 
1,683,457 
1,624,077 
1,612,150 
1,583,358 
Loans to credit institutions 
excluding the Swedish National 
Debt Office..................................  
 
 
56,600 
38,129 
46,400 
45,448 
36,179 
Loans to the public and credit 
institutions .................................  
 
1,860,976 
1,721,589 
1,670,477 
1,657,598 
1,619,537 
Total provisions .........................  
6,049 
5,022 
8,169 
6,684 
6,026 
Loans to the public and credit 
institutions, net ..........................  
 
1,854,927 
1,716,567 
1,662,308 
1,650,914 
1,613,511

--- Page 195 ---
183 
 
 
12.3 
Maturities of Loans 
The following table sets forth maturities of the Group’s loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 
SEK million 
Within 1 
year 
1 to 5 
years 
5 to 10 
years 
Over 10 
years 
Fair value 
adjustmen
ts 
Total on 
Balance 
Sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans to credit institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedbank ................................... 
37,307 
12,172 
727 
1,481 
4,009 
55,696 
of which repurchase 
agreements................................. 
15 
— 
— 
— 
— 
15 
Other ........................................... 
45 
15 
— 
— 
835 
893 
Total ............................................ 
37,350 
12,187 
727 
1,481 
4,844 
56,589 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans to the public 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedbank ................................... 
186,064 
253,362 
22,691 
7,381 
— 
469,498 
of which repurchase 
agreements................................. 
30,587 
— 
— 
— 
— 
30,587 
Swedbank Mortgage  ................. 
32,703 
89,063 
99,006 
919,785 
(24,996) 
1,115,561 
Other ........................................... 
50,526 
91,635 
34,024 
63,243 
18,324 
257,752 
Total ............................................ 
269,293 
434,060 
155,722 
990,408 
(6,672) 
1,842,811 
 
12.4 
Risk Elements 
12.4.1 Stage 3 Loans and Credit Impairment 
Please see “Risk Management—Loan Portfolio and Asset Quality” for further information on the 
Group’s impaired loans as of December 31, 2022. 
The following table sets forth information regarding the amounts of stage 3 loans as of December 31, 
2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Stage 3 loans ............................................................................  
5,738 
6,362 
10,530 
 
 
 
 
 
The following table sets forth gross interest income as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, that 
would have been recorded if the loan had been current: 
 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Gross interest income, Stage 3 loans ........................................  
224 
198 
389 
 
 
 
 
 
The following table sets forth interest income on those loans that were included in the profit for the 
year ended on December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020:  
 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Interest income on Stage 3 
loans
 ..........................................................................................  
142 
117 
224

--- Page 196 ---
184 
 
 
For more information on the impact of IFRS 9, please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—IFRS 9”. 
12.4.2 Analysis of Credit Impairments for Loans 
The following table sets forth information regarding the Group’s allowance for credit impairments as 
of the dates presented: 
The implementation of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018 resulted in a change in the estimates and 
assumptions related to credit impairment provisions, as well as the Group’s presentation of credit 
impairments going forward. Please see “Risk Management—Loan Portfolio and Asset Quality” for 
further information on the Group’s impaired loans as of December 31, 2022. 
The following table sets forth information regarding the Group’s allowance for credit impairments as 
of 2022, 2021 and 2020.  
 
 
As of December 31, 
Credit Impairment 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Loans at amortised Cost .................................. 
 
 
 
Impairment provisions – Stage 1 ......................... 
646 
(71) 
403 
Impairment provisions – Stage 2 ......................... 
523 
(596) 
1,094 
Impairment provisions – Stage 3 ......................... 
(545) 
(2,884) 
561 
Impairment provisions – Credit impaired, purchased 
or originated1 ...................................................... 
 
1 
(3) 
(4) 
Total ................................................................... 
626 
(3,554) 
2,054 
Write-offs ............................................................ 
982 
4,157 
2,166 
Recoveries .......................................................... 
(157) 
(225) 
(174) 
Total .................................................................... 
826 
3,932 
1,992 
Total – Amortised Cost ........................................ 
1,451 
378 
4,046 
 
 
 
 
Commitments and financial guarantees 
 
 
 
Impairment provisions – Stage 1 ......................... 
77 
26 
149 
Impairment provisions – Stage 2 ......................... 
13 
(139) 
269 
Impairment provisions – Stage 3 ......................... 
(63) 
(88) 
(136) 
Total ................................................................... 
28 
(201) 
282 
Total – Commitments and financial guarantees  
 
28 
(201) 
282 
 
 
 
 
Total Credit Impairment 
1,479 
170 
4,334

--- Page 197 ---
185 
 
 
12.4.3 Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Impairments 
The following tables set forth an analysis of the Group’s allocation of its allowance for credit 
impairments as of the dates presented. 
 
Provisions for loans to the public and credit institutions 
 
As of December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
Sector/industry 
 
 
 
 
 
Private customers .............................. 
1,390 
837 
914 
806 
896 
Mortgage loans, private...................... 
540 
391 
512 
486 
579 
Housing cooperatives ........................ 
19 
5 
11 
22 
27 
Other, private ..................................... 
831 
441 
391 
298 
290 
Corporate customers ......................... 
4,634 
4,177 
7,227 
5,873 
5,127 
Agriculture, forestry, fishing ................ 
257 
84 
101 
141 
157 
Manufacturing .................................... 
678 
371 
371 
962 
406 
Public sector and utilities .................... 
98 
41 
41 
42 
39 
Construction....................................... 
209 
100 
194 
254 
103 
Retail ................................................. 
484 
294 
527 
489 
657 
Transportation .................................... 
208 
51 
40 
31 
35 
Shipping and offshore ........................ 
1,106 
2,154 
4,509 
2,827 
2,506 
Hotels and restaurants ....................... 
219 
428 
389 
54 
32 
Information and communications ....... 
70 
25 
48 
81 
235 
Finance and insurance ....................... 
38 
14 
51 
20 
19 
Property management ....................... 
1,074 
443 
710 
627 
618 
Professional services ......................... 
94 
75 
155 
247 
206 
Other corporate lending ..................... 
97 
97 
91 
98 
114 
Loans to the public excluding the 
Swedish National Debt Office and 
repurchase agreements ................... 
6,024 
5,014 
8,141 
6,679 
6,023 
Loans to credit institutions excluding 
the Swedish National Debt Office ... 
27 
8 
28 
5 
3 
Loans to the public and credit 
institutions ....................................... 
6,049 
5,022 
8,169 
6,684 
6,026 
 
 
Per cent of loans in each category to total gross loans 
 
As of December 31, 
% 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
Sector/industry 
 
 
 
 
 
Private customers .............................. 
63.3 
65.9 
63.8 
63.5 
63.2 
Mortgage loans, private...................... 
55.4 
57.6 
55.4 
54.6 
53.8 
Housing cooperatives ........................ 
5.0 
5.3 
5.5 
6.0 
6.6 
Other, private ..................................... 
2.9 
3.0 
2.9 
2.9 
2.9 
Corporate customers ......................... 
33.6 
31.9 
32.0 
33.7 
33.9 
Agriculture, forestry, fishing ................ 
3.4 
3.7 
3.8 
3.9 
4.1 
Manufacturing .................................... 
2.6 
2.2 
2.3 
2.6 
2.7 
Public sector and utilities .................... 
2.0 
1.8 
1.5 
1.4 
1.2 
Construction....................................... 
1.1 
1.2 
1.2 
1.2 
1.2 
Retail ................................................. 
2.2 
1.8 
1.7 
2.0 
1.9 
Transportation .................................... 
0.8 
0.8 
0.8 
0.9 
1.0 
Shipping and offshore ........................ 
0.6 
0.8 
1.0 
1.3 
1.5 
Hotels and restaurants ....................... 
0.4 
0.4 
0.5 
0.6 
0.5 
Information and communications ....... 
 
1.1 
0.9 
0.8 
0.8 
0.8 
Finance and insurance ....................... 
1.3 
1.1 
1.2 
1.0 
0.9 
Property management ....................... 
15.8 
15.2 
14.6 
15.4 
15.0

--- Page 198 ---
186 
 
 
Per cent of loans in each category to total gross loans 
 
As of December 31, 
% 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Professional services ......................... 
1.4 
1.1 
1.3 
1.5 
1.8 
Other corporate lending ..................... 
0.9 
1.0 
1.3 
1.2 
1.1 
Loans to the public excluding the 
Swedish National Debt Office and 
repurchase agreements ................... 
 
 
 
 
97.0 
97.8 
95.8 
97.3 
97.2 
Loans to credit institutions excluding 
the Swedish National Debt Office and 
repurchase agreements ................... 
 
 
 
 
3.0 
2.2 
2.7 
2.7 
2.2 
Loans to the public and credit 
institutions ....................................... 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0 
100.0

--- Page 199 ---
187 
 
 
12.4.4 Short-Term Borrowings 
The following table sets forth information regarding the Group’s short-term borrowings for the periods 
presented:  
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
SEK million 
Period end 
balances 
Average 
balance 
Maximum 
month end 
balance 
Average 
interest rate 
during the 
period (%) 
Average 
interest rate at 
period end (%) 
Amounts owed to credit institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedish banks 
 
29,434 
46,816 
61,482 
— 
— 
Other Swedish credit institutions 
 
5,099 
11,410 
24,818 
— 
— 
Foreign banks 
 
38,175 
96,934 
130,727 
— 
— 
Other foreign credit institutions 
 
119 
368 
934 
— 
— 
Total 
 
72,827 
155,527 
217,961 
0.81 
1.71 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue 
 
784,206 
836,869 
826,874 
— 
— 
Total 
 
784,206 
836,869 
826,874 
— 
1.35 
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
SEK million 
Period end 
balances 
Average 
balance 
Maximum 
month end 
balance 
Average 
interest rate 
during the 
period (%) 
Average 
interest rate at 
period end (%) 
Amounts owed to credit institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedish banks 
 
35,869 
49,045 
85,577  
— 
— 
Other Swedish credit institutions 
 
6,056 
14,752 
30,696  
— 
— 
Foreign banks 
 
50,656 
94,529 
123,571 
— 
— 
Other foreign credit institutions 
 
231 
376 
1,345  
— 
— 
Total 
 
92,812 
158,702 
241,188 
(0.13) 
(0.22) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue 
 
735,917 
831,480 
918,260 
— 
— 
Total 
 
735,917 
831,480 
918,260 
— 
0.63 
 
 
As of December 31, 2020 
SEK million 
Period 
end 
balances 
Average 
balance 
Maximum 
month end 
balance 
Average 
interest rate 
during the 
period (%) 
Average 
interest rate 
at period 
end (%) 
Amounts owed to credit institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
Swedish banks .........................................................  
82,124 
74,373 
110,361 
—  
—  
Other Swedish credit institutions ...............................  
8,354 
9,110 
15,618 
— 
— 
Foreign banks ...........................................................  
59,578 
71,196 
92,594 
— 
— 
Other foreign credit institutions .................................  
257 
2,148 
8,175 
— 
— 
Total .........................................................................  
150,313 
156,827 
226,749 
0.13 
0.14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities in issue .............................................  
732,814 
851,691 
962,906 
— 
— 
Total .........................................................................  
732,814 
851,691 
962,906 
—  
0.99 
 
 
12.5 
Deposits 
Transaction accounts include all deposits against which the account holder is permitted to make 
withdrawals by negotiable or transferable instruments, payment orders of withdrawal, or telephone or 
pre-authorised transfers for the purpose of making payments to third persons or others. 
Savings accounts are accounts with the primary purpose of accumulating funds over a period of time. 
With savings accounts customers may make withdrawals, but do not have the flexibility of using checks

--- Page 200 ---
188 
 
 
to do so. Some savings accounts require funds to be kept on deposit for a minimum length of time, 
but most permit unlimited access to funds. 
Other deposits consist mainly of bank drafts and currency accounts. 
The following tables set forth information regarding the Group’s deposit base at the dates presented: 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
SEK million 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
 
 
 
Interest paid to the customer  ..................... 
5,081 
354 
847 
Volumes, average ...................................... 
1,353,980 
1,280,661 
1,108,462 
Interest rate (%) ......................................... 
0.38 
0.03 
0.08 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
SEK million 
Within  
3 
months 
3 
months-
1 year 
1 to 5 
years 
5 to 10 
years 
Over 10 
years 
Without 
maturity 
date / 
change 
in value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturity of deposits ...................................  
48,734 
52,113 
4,436 
32 
1 
1,200,63
2 
 
 
12.6 
Return on Equity and Assets 
The following table sets forth the Group’s return on total assets, return on equity, dividend pay-out 
ratio and equity to assets ratio as of the dates presented: 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Return on total assets ...............................  
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.48% 
Return on equity .......................................  
13.3% 
13.2% 
8.9% 
Dividend pay-out ratio ...............................  
50% 
61% 
25% 
Equity to assets ratio .................................  
6.2% 
5.9% 
6.0%

--- Page 201 ---
189 
 
 
13. 
Risk Management  
Swedbank defines risk as a potentially negative impact on the value of the Group that may arise from 
current internal processes or from internal or external future events. The concept of risk combines the 
probability of an event occurring with the impact such event would have on profit and loss, equity and 
value of the Group. 
Risk arises in all financial operations, hence a deep understanding and solid management of risk is 
central for any successful business.  
The Board of Directors has adopted an Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) policy depicting the risk 
framework, risk management process and the roles and responsibilities for risk management. 
Swedbank continuously identifies the risks generated in its operations and has designed processes to 
manage them. 
13.1 
The Group’s Risk Management Builds on Three Lines of Defence 
Successful risk management requires a strong risk culture and a common approach. Swedbank has 
built its approach to risk management on the concept of three lines of defence, with a clear division of 
responsibilities between the risk owners in the first line of defence responsible for managing risks and 
the various control functions, i.e. Group Risk, Group Compliance and Group Internal Audit. 
 
13.2 
Three levels of risk management  
13.2.1 First Line of Defence – Risk Management by Business Operations 
The first line of defence refers to all risk management activities carried out by the business areas, 
product areas and group functions. First line management take or are subject to risks and are 
responsible for continuous and active risk management. Management owns the risk within their 
respective area of responsibility and are responsible for ensuring there are appropriate processes and 
internal control structures in place that aim to ensure that risks are identified, assessed, managed, 
monitored, reported and kept within the boundaries of the Group’s appetite in accordance with the risk 
management framework. First line responsibilities also include establishing relevant governance 
structure and to secure that activities comply with external and internal requirements. An important 
part of the Risk Management Framework is to clarify the ultimate risk management responsibility of 
the first line of defence.

--- Page 202 ---
190 
 
 
13.2.2 Second Line of Defence – Risk and Control Functions  
The second line of defence refers to the independent management functions, the risk control 
organisation (“Group Risk”) and the compliance organisation (“Group Compliance”). These functions 
define the risk management framework, covering all material risks that the Group faces. The 
framework governs how to identify, assess, measure, manage, monitor and report on risks. The 
second line also monitors and assesses whether effective risk management processes and controls 
are implemented by relevant risk owners. The second line challenges and validates the first line’s risk 
management activities, controls and analyses the Group’s material risks and provides independent 
risk assessment and reporting to the CEO and the Board. 
The second line of defence is organisationally independent from first line and may not carry out 
operational activities in the business or the unit they monitor and control. 
13.2.3 Third Line of Defence – Internal Audit  
The third line of defence refers to Group Internal Audit, which is governed by and reports to the Board. 
Group Internal Audit is responsible for evaluating governance, risk management and control 
processes within the First and Second lines of defence. Internal Audit is organisationally independent 
from the First line and Second line of defence and may not carry out operational activities in the other 
functions. 
13.3 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is defined as the risk that a counterparty fails to meet its obligations to the Group and the 
risk that pledged collateral will not cover the claims. Concentration risk, country risk, and counterparty 
credit risk in trading transactions, including settlement risk are also part of Swedbank’s credit risks.  
Swedbank’s credit risk appetite states that the Group shall maintain a well-diversified credit portfolio 
with a low-risk exposure. The focus is on long-term customer relationships and credit exposures are 
mainly concentrated to customers in Swedbank’s four home markets, including the other Nordic 
countries where Swedbank has branches. Exposures outside the home markets shall have a direct 
link to the home market business or be necessary for supporting this business.  
The credit risk appetite statement governs the credit portfolio through four principles: (i) strong asset 
quality, (ii) sound loan growth, (iii) prevent risk drivers and (iv) avoid concentration. Risk limits and 
complementary key risk indicators (“KRIs”) for credit risk are based on these four principles and are 
defined on a Group level and business area level. 
13.3.1 Loan Portfolio and Asset Quality  
Swedbank’s loan portfolio is concentrated to low-risk segments such as private mortgages, tenant-
owner associations, and residential property management. Conservative lending standards and close 
dialogue with customers are keys to the sustained high credit quality. 
Swedbank's credit quality remained strong in 2022, despite the challenging macro-economic situation. 
Credit quality indicators, such as past-due loans, remained largely unchanged. High inflation, raising 
interest rates and a weaker economy, however, have created challenges that are expected to impact 
credit quality, which is reflected in the increased credit impairments.  
Credit impairments in 2022 amounted to SEK 1,479 million (compared to SEK 170 million in 2021) 
and the credit impairment ratio was 0.08 per cent (compared to 0.01 per cent in 2021). Weaker macro-
economic scenarios, also affecting negative rating and stage migrations, were the main drivers for the 
new credit impairment provisions. Few new individual provisions were made which together with

--- Page 203 ---
191 
 
 
reversals due to decreased exposures within oil and offshore lead to net reversals of individually 
assessed exposures.  
The buffer of post-model expert credit adjustments, to cover potential future credit impairments, 
originally related to COVID-19, amounted to SEK 1,738 million at the end of 2022 (compared to 1,796 
million at the end of 2021). High inflation, high energy prices and rising interest rates combined with 
geopolitical instability continue to weigh on private persons and companies, yielding high uncertainty 
regarding economic development going forward. As the quantitative risk models do not yet reflect all 
potential deteriorations in credit quality, post-model adjustments to increase the credit impairment 
provisions continue to be deemed necessary.  
Swedbank’s total lending, carrying amount, increased to SEK 1,799 billion in 2022 (compared to SEK 
1,678 billion in 2021), with growth in both corporate and private mortgage loans. Corporate lending 
grew by SEK 78 billion, of which SEK 32 billion to property management, mainly to existing large 
clients in Sweden and Norway.   
Swedbank’s growth in mortgage loans in Sweden was 2.6 per cent, which was lower than previous 
year, impacted by lower housing market activity and lower prices.  Swedbank’s mortgage growth in 
the Baltic countries was 8.2 per cent in local currencies. The housing market slowed also in Estonia, 
Latvia and Lithuania, but prices remained largely stable due to the need of modern housing. 
Private mortgage loans constitute 57 per cent of Swedbank’s total loan portfolio, where 89 per cent is 
in Sweden and 11 per cent is in the Baltic countries. The private mortgage portfolio is of high quality 
with low historical loan losses and low average loan-to-value ratios. Lending is based on the borrower’s 
repayment capacity, including the ability to manage a significantly increased interest rate and still be 
able to afford relevant loan amortisation and other costs of living. 
Property management constitutes the second largest loan concentration, 16 per cent of the total loan 
portfolio. The lending is diversified to different segments with 45 per cent relating to mainly offices and 
29 per cent to residential properties. The main part of the property management loans, 80 per cent, is 
in Sweden, 12 per cent is in Norway and Finland, and 8 per cent is in the Baltic countries. Swedbank’s 
underwriting criteria is focused on stable cash flows and the customer’s long-term ability to make 
interest payments and amortisations on the loan. In addition, customers should be financially strong, 
and collateral should have sound loan-to-value ratios. The average LTV ratio in total property 
management lending was 53%, of which 55% for residential properties and 52% for other properties. 
At the Group level, stage 3 (impaired) loans gross decreased by SEK 624 million in 2022 to SEK 5,738 
million as of year-end, mainly driven by divestments and restructurings of oil-related exposures, partly 
offset by smaller increases of Stage 3 loans in various sectors. 
The following table sets forth the Group’s carrying amount of loans to the public and credit institutions 
as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 
 
Non credit-impaired 
Credit impaired 
 
 
Stage 1 
12-month ECL 
Stage 2 
Lifetime ECL 
Stage 3 
Lifetime ECL 
 
SEK million 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Total 
Geographical distribution 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sweden ...............................  
1,384,283 
930 1,383,353 
104,196 
1,459 
102,737 
2,364 
767 
1,598 
1,487,688 
Estonia ................................  
93,313 
97 
93,216 
13,240 
297 
12,943 
774 
205 
568 
106,227 
Latvia ..................................  
37,660 
105 
37,555 
6,607 
117 
6,491 
184 
45 
139 
44,185 
Lithuania .............................  
73,969 
101 
73,867 
11,498 
278 
11,219 
421 
101 
320 
85,407

--- Page 204 ---
192 
 
 
 
Non credit-impaired 
Credit impaired 
 
 
Stage 1 
12-month ECL 
Stage 2 
Lifetime ECL 
Stage 3 
Lifetime ECL 
 
SEK million 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
provision 
Net 
Total 
Norway ................................  
45,568 
170 
45,399 
2,279 
119 
2,160 
1,881 
890 
991 
48,550 
Denmark .............................  
246 
— 
246 
— 
— 
— 
3 
2 
1 
247 
Finland ................................  
21,003 
65 
20,938 
628 
135 
494 
— 
— 
— 
21,432 
USA ....................................  
2,382 
— 
2,382 
— 
— 
— 
111 
111 
— 
2,382 
Other ...................................  
1,764 
30 
1,734 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
1,734 
Loans 
to 
the 
public 
excluding 
the 
Swedish 
National Debt Office and 
repurchase agreements ...  
1,660,189 
1,498 1,658,691 
138,449 
2,404 
136,044 
5,738 
2,121 
3,617 
1,798,352 
Sector/Industry 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Private customers 
1,107,994 
168 1,107,827 
68,617 
546 
68,071 
2,043 
676 
1,367 
1,177,206 
Mortgage loans, private ......  
973,876 
68 
973,809 
56,758 
243 
56,514 
1,219 
229 
990 
1,031,313 
Tenant owner association ...  
90,170 
7 
90,163 
3,468 
12 
3,456 
4 
0 
4 
93,623 
Other, private 
43,948 
93 
43,855 
8,392 
291 
8,1014 
820 
446 
374 
52,330 
Corporate customers 
552,194 
1,330 
550,864 
69,831 
1,858 
67,973 
3,695 
1,445 
2,250 
621,087 
Agricultural, forestry, fishing  
55,387 
88 
55,299 
7,609 
130 
7,479 
241 
39 
203 
62,981 
Manufacturing .....................  
43,283 
279 
43,004 
5,670 
295 
5,375 
264 
104 
161 
48,540 
Public sector and utilities ....  
35,435 
58 
35,378 
2,048 
38 
2,011 
17 
2 
15 
37,403 
Construction ........................  
15,502 
64 
15,438 
4,318 
91 
4,228 
107 
54 
52 
19,718 
Retail...................................  
36,568 
246 
36,322 
4,043 
188 
3,856 
137 
51 
87 
40,265 
Transportation .....................  
12,747 
78 
12,669 
1,936 
120 
1,819 
48 
10 
38 
14,522 
Shipping and offshore .........  
 
8,454 
 
39 
 
8,415 
 
1,150 
 
177 
 
973 
 
1,881 
 
890 
 
991 
 
10,380 
Hotels and restaurants ........  
3,003 
29 
2,975 
3,946 
129 
3,817 
285 
62 
223 
7,015 
Information 
and 
communications ..................  
19,536 
53 
19,483 
1,508 
15 
1,493 
5 
1 
4 
20,979 
Finance and insurance........  
23,247 
21 
23,226 
885 
11 
874 
22 
7 
15 
24,115 
Property Management ........  
260,973 
320 
260,652 
32,954 
576 
32,379 
466 
178 
288 
293,319 
Residential properties .........  
 
69,573 
 
56 
 
69,518 
 
16,167 
 
253 
 
15,914 
 
103 
 
16 
 
87 
 
85,519 
Commercial .........................  
123,507 
170 
123,337 
7,925 
207 
7,717 
208 
127 
81 
131,134 
Industrial and warehouse ....  
40,805 
47 
40,758 
5,142 
59 
5,083 
16 
3 
13 
45,853 
Other property management 
27,087 
47 
27,040 
3,722 
56 
3,665 
140 
33 
107 
30,813 
Professional services ..........  
23,514 
31 
23,483 
2,251 
51 
2,201 
65 
13 
52 
25,735 
Other corporate lending ......  
14,546 
24 
14,522 
1,511 
39 
1,472 
156 
35 
122 
16,116 
Loans to custmers ............  
1,660,189 
1,498 1,658,691 
138,449 
2,404 
136,044 
5,738 
2,121 
3,617 
1,798,352 
Cash collateral posted 
3,605 
— 
3,605 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
3,605 
Loans to Swedish National 
Debt Office .........................  
10,004 
— 
10,004 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
10,004 
Loans to credit institutions 
56,453 
26 
56,427 
147 
0 
146 
— 
— 
— 
56,573 
Loans to the public and 
credit institutions at 
amortised cost 
1,730,251 
1,524 1,728,727 
138,596 
2,404 
136,191 
5,738 
2,121 
3,617 
1,868,535 
 
The following table sets forth the Group’s exposure at default (“EAD”) distributed by risk grade and 
business segment, as of December 31, 2022: 
 
SEK million 
Swedish 
Banking 
Baltic Banking 
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions 
Group 
Functions & 
Other 
Total 
Exposure at Default 
 
 
 
 
 
Default.........................  
2,284  
1,309 
2,034 
— 
5,627 
0-5; 50-54High risk ......  
10,854 
15,959 
752 
6 
27,571 
6-8; 55Increased risk ...  
30,637  
35,162 
6,633 
237 
72,669 
9-12; 56Normal risk .....  
128,849 
107,942 
70,452 
176 
307,419 
13-17; 57-58Low risk ...  
341,435 
70,294 
241,767 
612 
654,108

--- Page 205 ---
193 
 
 
Non-rated exposures ...  
804,998 
14,896 
105,498 
522,871 
1,448,263 
Standardised approach  
142 
9,428 
360 
7,480 
17,410 
- of which companies 
not included in 
Swedbank Group  
 
— 
  
— 
  
 
—
  
 
— 
 
16,383 
Total ........................... 
1,349,386 
269,307 
446,714 
538,933 
2,604,340 
 
Swedbank uses a number of different models for risk classification of counterparties, customers, 
and/or contracts, where each counterparty or contract is assigned a risk grade. For each risk grade, a 
risk value has been quantified and established. The probability of default indicates the risk that a 
counterparty or contract will default within a 12-month period. 
The table below describes the Group’s risk scale used in the internal ratings based (“IRB”) approach 
and how it relates to the probability of default within 12 months and to an indicative rating from 
Standard & Poor’s.  
Internal risk grade 
PD (%) 
Standard & Poor’s (Indicative Rating) 
Default 
100 
D 
0-5 
>5.7-99.9 
C to B 
6-8 
>2.0-5.7 
B+ to BB- 
9-12 
>0.5-2.0 
BB to BB+ 
13-17 
0.1-0.5 
BBB- to BBB+ 
18-21 
<0.1 
A- to AAA 
13.3.2 Credit risk governance 
In the ERM Policy, the Board of Directors has established a risk management and control process. 
For more information relating to the Group’s risk management and control process, see “Risk 
Management—The Group’s Risk Management Builds on Three Lines of Defence” and “Risk 
Management—Three levels of risk management”. 
In the credit risk area, the governance structure is as follows: 
The business units, the first line of defence, are responsible for the operational credit management of 
their customers and own all credit risks that arise within their area of operation. The head of the unit 
ensures that all credits are assessed, decided, administered and followed-up in accordance with the 
credit framework, including establishing an integrated internal control of high quality in the credit 
process. The head of each business unit shall also make sure that the credit transactions are in line 
with Swedbank’s strategies, policies, and instructions. The business unit is furthermore accountable 
for the profitability connected to the credit decision.  
The Group Risk organisation, the second line of defence, is responsible for independent monitoring 
and control of the credit risk management carried out by the business operations (first line of defence). 
This includes verification that internal rules and processes defined in the credit risk framework are 
complied with, and that the first line of defence has adequate controls in place. Group Risk also has 
the responsibility to maintain, develop and monitor the risk classification system. Group Risk shall 
independently report relevant risk information to the CEO and the Board. 
The Group Compliance organisation, also within the second line of defence is, in the credit risk area, 
responsible for screening and control of regulatory compliance.

--- Page 206 ---
194 
 
 
The Group Internal Audit organisation, the third line of defence, is governed by and reports to the 
Board. It performs independent periodic reviews of the credit management and the credit control 
processes within the first and second line of defence. 
13.3.3 Credit risk operations 
All credit management and processes shall be governed by materiality and risk considerations. The 
main processes of the credit operations include credit risk assessment, decision on credit risk, and 
credit monitoring and review, as described below. 
A sustainable repayment ability and an adequate financial position of the customer or counterparty 
are key factors when granting credits. Environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) considerations 
shall be an integrated part of all credit operations in order to identify and avoid undesired risk, and to 
assume risk in support of Swedbank’s desire for an environmentally, socially, financially and ethically 
sustainable society. 
Credit risk assessment, including business analysis, is the basis for a credit decision. Relevant ESG 
aspects shall be included in the analysis of the counterparty’s opportunities and risks. The credit 
assessment covers the counterparty’s capacity to repay. It also includes collateral considerations and 
other risk mitigating actions, as well as terms and conditions for the credit arrangement. Risk-
classification of the counterparty is an important part of the credit risk assessment.  
Decisions on credit proposals are made according to an established structure of credit decision-
making bodies. The primary credit decision is made in a credit decision-making body within the 
business area responsible for the borrower and its credit risk. Credit proposals implying higher risks 
are reassessed and finally decided by an upper credit committee. For smaller standardised credits 
automated solutions for credit assessment and decision-making may be used.  
13.3.4 Credit risk control and reporting 
The Credit Risk unit within the Group Risk organisation oversees the Group’s credit risk development 
and reports monthly to the CRO, who informs the CEO and the Board. Important parts of the monthly 
risk reports are credit portfolio trends and findings from stress tests and other analyses. The control 
and monitoring of credit exposures against risk limits are also performed monthly and reported to the 
CRO in a credit risk limit report. 
The Credit Risk unit conducts stress tests on selected sectors, typically the largest sectors, and 
specific segments or exposure types with potentially increased risks. For relevant sectors, stress tests 
using climate scenarios are made to assess climate risk exposure at the portfolio level. Furthermore, 
the Credit Risk unit performs annual reviews of all sectors including portfolio risk profiles and industry 
outlook.  
Group Risk annually performs a thorough and comprehensive stress test of the entire Group, the 
ICAAP, which includes a credit loss stress of the total credit portfolio. Credit monitoring and review of 
individual credit risk exposures is performed continuously by the business units to identify early any 
change in credit risk. In addition to continuous monitoring, corporate customers, financial institutions, 
and sovereigns are also reviewed at least annually. If a counterparty’s risk has deteriorated, several 
corrective measures are considered and implemented, with the objective to avoid impairment, and/or 
minimise the risk of loss in case of default. A key component in management of exposures with 
materially increased risk is the watch list process.

--- Page 207 ---
195 
 
 
13.3.5 Credit risk mitigation 
Swedbank uses several ways to mitigate credit risk, including: 
 
Credit policy and credit strategy with a clear guidance on the low-risk appetite for the bank. 
 
The credit risk limit framework including key risk indicators to monitor and protect against 
unwanted risk-taking. 
 
The use of financial and physical collateral valued using the Group’s common valuation 
methodologies, risk transfer mechanisms such as guarantees and insurance, and covenants 
in credit documentation. 
 
The use of hedging strategies, netting agreements and clearing through central 
counterparties. 
 
Diversification or increasing the portfolio mix of customers. 
When granting credits, Swedbank applies adequate credit protection, e.g., pledged collateral and 
guarantees. The collateral, its value and risk mitigating effect are considered through the credit 
process 
The most common types of pledged collateral used by Swedbank are residential real estate, including 
tenant-owner rights, commercial real estate, floating charges and financial instruments. Credits without 
collateral are mainly granted for small loans to private customers or loans to large companies with 
very solid repayment capacity. For the latter, special loan covenants are commonly created, which 
entitle Swedbank to renegotiate or terminate the agreement if the borrower’s repayment capacity 
deteriorates, or if the conditions are otherwise breached.  
The valuation of collateral is based on a thorough review and analysis of the pledged assets, and is 
an integrated part in the credit risk assessment. The establishment of the collateral value is part of the 
credit decision. The value of the collateral is reassessed as part of periodic credit reviews and in 
situations where Swedbank has reason to believe that the value has deteriorated, or the exposure has 
become non-performing.  
The established value of the collateral shall correspond to the most likely sales price at the date of 
valuation estimated in a qualitative process and characterised by prudence. For financial collateral, 
such as debt securities and equities, valuation is normally performed daily and reduced when 
applicable.  
13.4 
Counterparty Credit Risk (“CCR”) 
Counterparty credit risk (including settlement risk) refers to the risk that a counterparty to a trading 
transaction would not meet its final obligations towards Swedbank and that collateral held would not 
be enough to cover their claims. Counterparty credit risk encompasses derivatives, repurchase 
agreements and securities financing contracts. The majority of Swedbank’s counterparty credit risk 
emanates primarily from two units: LC&I and Group Treasury. 
13.5 
Management and Measuring Counterparty Credit Risk 
Swedbank’s counterparty credit exposure arises mainly as a result of hedging its own positions in 
market risk in foreign exchange, interest rate and other derivatives from customer-related trading 
activities. Derivative and securities financing transactions’ market values fluctuates over time to 
maturity and require that the uncertainty of the potential future market conditions are taken into account

--- Page 208 ---
196 
 
 
and estimated when measuring exposure. Positive derivative values generate counterparty credit risk 
and consequently the claim towards the counterparty increases when/if the positive derivative market 
value increases. 
For risk management purposes, counterparty credit risk is measured as potential future exposure 
(“PFE”) at the ninety-fifth percentile using an advanced simulation-based framework covering a 
majority of the counterparty credit risk in the Group. The simulation-based method takes close-out 
netting agreements and collateral agreements into account. For transactions not included in the 
simulation-based calculation Swedbank uses an enhanced version of SA-CCR where several 
adaptions have been made for the approach to fit the purpose of internal risk management and 
exposure calculation. Risk measurement and evaluation is an ongoing process and Swedbank makes 
regular assessments. These assessments facilitate the monitoring of risks and help to ensure that 
limits are relevant to individual counterparties. The follow-up and measurement of counterparty credit 
risk exposure against approved limits is performed in a system specific to the task. 
In addition to standard measurements of counterparty credit exposure, the Group conducts stress 
tests to estimate the effects of tail events. The portfolio of stress tests being carried out includes 
various ad-hoc stress tests pertaining to political, market or other macro events. Effects on 
counterparty exposures, credit losses, RWA, collateral flows and market values are considered. 
Wrong-Way-Risk (“WWR”) is defined by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”) 
as the risk that occurs when “exposure to a counterparty is adversely correlated with the credit quality 
of that counterparty.” WWR is divided into specific and general WWR. Existence of specific WWR is 
identified by monitoring counterparties generating trades to capture any trade where there is a legal 
connection between the counterparty and the underlying issuer. General WWR is typically measured 
via a range of stress test scenarios. Swedbank examines sectors and/or counterparties individually to 
detect relationships and significant correlation between exposures and counterparties’ probabilities of 
default. 
13.6 
Mitigating Counterparty Credit Risks 
The Group uses a variety of tools to mitigate counterparty credit risk of which the most important is 
close-out netting agreements and collateral management, as outlined below. The Group restricts the 
size of its counterparty credit risk exposure by setting and approving the counterparty’s risk exposure 
limits, a number of factors have to be taken into account; including, but not limited to, guidance from 
the core credit policies, procedures and standards, and judgement and experience of credit risk 
professionals, the credit quality and rationale of the trading activity. Limits for counterparty credit 
exposures are assessed, set, and allocated in Swedbank’s regular credit process, which is designed 
to support Swedbank’s strategy of maintaining a well-diversified risk profile with a balance between 
risk and return. Limits are reviewed at least annually. 
The Group continuously mitigates counterparty credit risk by means of, inter alia, netting, portfolio 
compression activities, use of collateral, and steering exposure and risk to clearing houses.  
13.6.1 Netting and Collateral Management 
The Group actively mitigates its counterparty credit risk by establishing close-out netting agreements 
whereby all positive and negative derivative market values under an agreement at a counterparty level 
can be netted. 
The Group strives to have ISDA Master Agreements supplemented with Credit Support Annex(es) 
(“CSA”) agreements in place with all financial counterparties, and larger corporate counterparties 
concerned to ensure a well-functioning netting and collateral management process. For counterparties

--- Page 209 ---
197 
 
 
with whom such agreements have been entered, exposures can be off-set and reduced by making 
collateral calls on a daily basis. 
To reduce the potential market risk embedded in the collateral management, the Group applies rating-
based and tenor-based haircuts and mainly accepts cash as collateral. The vast majority of the current 
received, and pledged collateral is cash, but interest-bearing security instruments are also used. The 
credit memoranda provided to credit committees will pre-determine and specify, in accordance with 
the Group directive on eligible collateral related to OTC derivatives, the acceptable form of collateral 
for each individual counterparty as part of the credit review process. Financial collateral is subject to 
a daily monitoring and an independent valuation. 
The threshold amounts are generally set to zero in order to limit the uncollateralised exposure. Under 
the EMIR framework for corporate clients, the amount is still negotiable, but no threshold amount is 
allowed with regards to Financial Institutions. 
Other actions to mitigate counterparty credit risk include steering exposure and risk to clearing houses, 
which is standard procedure and mandatory for a range of products, to reduce bilateral counterparty 
credit risk. The counterparty credit risk can also be closed out through various portfolio compression 
activities. 
13.6.2 Credit Derivatives 
Rather than using credit derivatives to mitigate counterparty credit risk in its trading operations, the 
Group prefers to make use of collateral arrangements.  
13.6.3 CVA 
The Credit Valuation Adjustment (“CVA”) is an adjustment made to the value of derivatives in order to 
take into account the possibility of a counterparty’s default. The fair value of derivatives, therefore, is 
the risk neutral price adjusted by the CVA. Two types of CVA are recognised at Swedbank: regulatory 
CVA and economic CVA. The former is an additional regulatory capital charge to account for potential 
credit migration due to a downgrade in the Group’s derivative counterparties’ ratings, while the latter 
is an estimation of the expected loss from derivative counterparty defaults. Economic CVA is a 
reservation made against Swedbank’s profits. 
13.7 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk refers to the risk of not being able to meet payment obligations when due without incurring 
considerable additional costs for obtaining funds or losses due to asset fire-sales. 
13.7.1 Funding and Liquidity Strategy 
Swedbank’s funding strategy reflects its asset composition. More than half of its lending consists of 
Swedish mortgages, primarily financed through covered bonds. Deposits, covered bonds and 
shareholder equity make up the majority of Swedbank’s total funding requirements. This means that 
Swedbank has a limited structural need for senior unsecured funding. 
The share of unsecured funding is determined by Swedbank’s aim to maintain a conservative stable 
funding profile using a diversified set of funding sources as well as its need to meet the regulatory 
MREL requirements. To secure a stable funding profile for Swedbank, Group Treasury continuously 
monitors and analyses relevant positions and markets, e.g., the deposit base and the wholesale debt 
market.

--- Page 210 ---
198 
 
 
Swedbank has a number of different funding programs for its short- and long-term funding, including 
commercial paper programs, certificates of deposit, covered bonds and senior unsecured debt. 
Swedbank also complements its public funding activities with long-term investor-targeted private 
placements. In addition, Swedbank continuously evaluates various markets and currencies with the 
intent to further diversify the investor base. 
Swedbank maintains a liquidity reserve to manage its liquidity risks. When future refinancing needs 
arise, the liquidity reserve is increased to meet these maturities. Various types of stressed scenarios 
such as partly or fully closed markets for new issuance are also considered. 
The table below outlines the Group’s liquidity reserve as of December 31, 2022: 
 
Group Liquidity Reserve, Market Value1 
Total 
 
SEK million 
 
 
Level 1 assets 
554,631 
Cash and holdings in central banks2 ..................................................................................................  
369,529 
Securities issued or guaranteed by sovereigns, central banks, multilateral development banks and 
international organisations .................................................................................................................  
148,195 
Securities issued by municipalities and public sector entities (“PSEs”) ...............................................  
2,076 
Extremely high quality covered bonds ................................................................................................  
34,831 
Level 2 assets 
6,598 
Level 2A assets .................................................................................................................................  
6,323 
Securities issued or guaranteed by sovereigns, central banks, municipalities and PSEs ....................  
— 
High quality covered bonds ................................................................................................................  
6,321 
Corporate debt securities (lowest rating AA-) .....................................................................................  
2 
Level 2B assets .................................................................................................................................  
275 
Asset-backed securities .....................................................................................................................  
— 
High quality covered bonds ................................................................................................................  
— 
Corporate debt securities (rated A+ to BBB-) .....................................................................................  
140 
Shares (major stock index).................................................................................................................  
135 
Total ..................................................................................................................................................  
561,229 
 
 ____________  
Note: 
1 Unadjusted Liquid Assets classified in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU 2015/61). 
2 Minimum reserve requirements held in Central Banks of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Bank of Finland are excluded from 
Liquid Assets. 
13.7.2 Management of Liquidity Risk 
Managing liquidity risk is an integral part of Swedbank’s business operations. Internal policies state 
that Swedbank’s appetite for liquidity risk shall be low, and that the liquidity profile shall be resilient 
towards both short-term and long-term liquidity stress, thus requiring an adequate liquidity generating 
capacity. To meet these requirements, Group Treasury proactively manages liquidity and funding. 
Swedbank’s funding strategy and total liquidity generating capacity are key components in liquidity 
management. 
The level of risk acceptable for achieving the strategic goals of Swedbank (i.e. risk appetite) is decided 
by Swedbank’s Board of Directors, while the CEO is responsible for the implementation of the risk 
policy and risk appetite established by the Board. The CEO has established a Group Treasury function 
with the overall responsibility to manage Swedbank’s liquidity. Group Treasury is the first line of 
defence in identifying, measuring, analysing, monitoring and managing liquidity risks. To avoid a 
conflict of interest, the unit responsible for analysing the liquidity risks is separate from the position-
taking units.

--- Page 211 ---
199 
 
 
Group Risk constitutes the second line risk management function and is responsible for ensuring that 
liquidity risks are identified and properly managed by Group Treasury. Moreover, Group Risk is also 
responsible for Group governance and strategies within the area of liquidity risk control and for 
monitoring the regulatory environment related to liquidity risk control. 
In determining Swedbank’s overall liquidity risk appetite, the Board of Directors has defined limits for 
the regulatory metrics LCR and NSFR, and for survival periods, as measured by the internal survival 
horizon metric. Furthermore, a liquidity risk limit framework has been established in order to ensure 
business operations stay within the risk appetite and to avoid unwanted risk concentrations. The limits 
are established for Swedbank on the Group level, its relevant legal entities, branches and stand-alone 
currencies. 
Swedbank has a business continuity plan (“BCP”), which is updated annually, to manage any serious 
disruptions in liquidity. The BCP sets limits on several risk indicators that act as early warning triggers. 
If the limits are breached, the BCP is used as an instruction to reduce the increased level of liquidity 
risk with detailed descriptions of actions that can be taken to avoid going into recovery mode, where 
the more comprehensive Recovery Plan would be activated. 
13.7.3 Measurement 
The survival horizon measure forms the basis for the liquidity risk limit framework. The measure 
reflects the survival period threshold as defined by the Board of Directors and is the main internal 
liquidity risk metric used within Swedbank. The guiding principle of the measure is the capture of all 
relevant future daily cash flows. By combining this metric with Swedbank’s liquidity generating 
capacity, the projected liquidity position can be illustrated over time. 
The risk measure is conservative and assumes adverse circumstances, e.g. that there is limited 
access to the funding markets, a considerable deposit run-off and a severe drop in housing prices – 
affecting the overcollateralization level of the cover pool. 
In addition, severe stress tests are run regularly to increase readiness for liquidity disturbances on the 
debt market. The stress tests take both idiosyncratic and market-related problems into account, 
whereas analyses encompass the effect of a combination of the two. Specific sensitivity analyses of 
the effect of house price declines on the cover pool are run regularly. 
The LCR aims to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high quality assets 
(a liquidity reserve) to meet its liquidity needs for the next 30-day horizon under the assumption of a 
severe liquidity stress scenario. As of January 1, 2018, LCR is reported in accordance with the EU 
Commission’s Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (“LCR DA”) with a minimum requirement of 
100.0 per cent. The Swedish supervisory authority has implemented a Pillar 2 requirement of 
100.0 per cent on LCR in single currencies USD and EUR and 75.0 per cent in SEK. The Group’s 
LCR metric has been well above 100.0 per cent during 2022, on total level, as well as in USD and 
EUR, indicating that Swedbank has a sufficient amount of highly liquid assets to withstand stressed 
cash flows for a time horizon of 30 days.  
The NSFR shows a bank’s ability to manage stressed liquidity situations over a one-year horizon. 
NSFR ensures that a bank’s long-term illiquid assets are funded with a minimum amount of stable 
long-term funding. An NSFR of above 100.0 per cent means that the long-term illiquid assets are 
adequately funded with stable funding. As of December 31, 2022, LCR for the Group amounted to 160 
per cent and NSFR to 118 per cent (CRR2). 
For more information relating to liquidity, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources”.

--- Page 212 ---
200 
 
 
13.8 
Market Risks 
The risk to value, earnings, capital or exposure arising from movements of risk factors in financial 
markets. Value covers both economic value and accounting value and include valuation adjustments 
such as CVA and Debit Valuation Adjustment (“DVA”). 
Market risk includes interest rate risk (including real and nominal interest rates, credit spreads and 
basis spreads), currency risk, equity risk (including dividend risk) and commodity risk (including 
precious metals), as well as risks stemming from changes in volatilities or correlations. 
13.8.1 Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate risk refers to the risk that the value of the Group’s assets, liabilities and interest related 
derivatives will be negatively affected by changes in interest rates or other relevant risk factors. 
The majority of the Group’s interest rate risk is structural and arises within the banking operations 
when there is a mismatch between the interest fixing periods of assets and liabilities, including 
derivatives. The interest rate risk in fixed rate assets, primarily customer loans, accounts for the 
larger part of this risk and is hedged through fixed rate funding or by entering into various types of 
swap agreements. Interest rate risk also arises within the trading operations, e.g., through 
customer related activities.  
Interest rate risk is measured in the Group for all positions, including those recorded at fair value and 
those recorded at accrued value. 
Change in value of assets and liabilities, including derivatives, if the market interest rate rises 
by one percentage point, as of December 31, 2022 
 
SEK million 
<3 
mths. 
3-6 
mths. 
6-12 
mths. 
1-2  
yrs. 
2-3 
yrs. 
3-4 
yrs. 
4-5 
yrs. 
5-10 
yrs. 
>10 
yrs. 
Total 
SEK ......................  
(675) 
57 
(191) 
(921) 
(196) 
504 
(1) 
(251) 
(7) 
(1,681) 
Foreign currency ...  
(108) 
(128) 
409 
541 
28 
488 
(483) 
(69) 
17 
695 
Total .....................  
(783) 
(71) 
218 
(380) 
(168) 
992 
(484) 
(320) 
10 
(986) 
Of which financial instruments at fair value measured at fair value through profit and loss 
 
SEK million 
<3 
mths. 
3-6 
mths. 
6-12 
mths. 
1-2  
yrs. 
2-3 
yrs. 
3-4 
yrs. 
4-5 
yrs. 
5-10 
yrs. 
>10 
yrs. 
Total 
SEK ......................  
323 
34 
280 
(512) 
(191) 
680 
87 
(249) 
(7) 
445 
Foreign currency ...  
(187) 
(198) 
(127) 
153 
(329) 
607 
(473) 
(34) 
29 
(559) 
Total .....................  
136 
(164) 
153 
(359) 
(520) 
1287 
(386) 
(283) 
22 
(114) 
13.8.2 Currency Risk 
Currency risk refers to the risk that the value of the Group’s assets and liabilities, including derivatives, 
will be negatively affected by changes in exchange rates or other relevant risk factors. 
The Group has currency positions through goodwill and other intangible assets, which are deductible 
from the capital base. These currency positions are financed in SEK and are not hedged since 
changes in exchange rates between the foreign currencies and SEK do not affect either profit or the 
capital base. The major single position is in EUR and relates to the Baltic operations.

--- Page 213 ---
201 
 
 
A shift in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the Swedish krona of +5 per cent as of year-
end 2022 would have a direct effect on the Group’s reported profit of SEK 38 million (positive SEK 19 
million as of year-end 2021). Moreover, a shift in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the 
Swedish krona of -5 per cent as of year-end 2022 would have a direct effect on the Group’s reported 
profit of SEK 17 million (SEK 46 million as of year-end 2021). 
The table below outlines the Group’s currency positions as of December 31, 2022. A considerable 
share of the currency positions detailed in the table pertains to goodwill resulting from Swedbank’s 
holdings in foreign subsidiaries; changes in value in these positions do not affect net income. 
Currency Positions 
 
SEK million 
EUR 
USD 
GBP 
DKK 
NOK 
Other 
Total 
foreign 
currency 
SEK 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Cash and balances with 
central banks ................  
169 524 
28 717 
— 
1 344 
714 
14 
200 313 
165 679 
365 992 
Treasury bills and other 
bills eligible for 
refinancing with central 
banks ............................  
7 574 
2 
— 
— 
244 
— 
7 820 
143 663 
151 483 
Loans to credit 
institutions ....................  
22 138 
4 508 
386 
1 249 
3 108 
1 039 
32 428 
24 161 
56 589 
Loans to the public .......  
292 390 
27 154 
1 915 
4 179 
51 981 
1 538 
379 157 
1 463 654 
1 842 811 
Bonds and other interest-
bearing securities .........  
4 885 
2 021 
— 
375 
8 186 
— 
15 467 
45 831 
61 298 
Other assets, not 
distributed .....................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
376 703 
376 703 
Total .............................  
496 511 
62 402 
2 301 
7 147 
64 233 
2 591 
635 185 
2 219 691 
2 854 876 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts owed to credit 
institutions ....................  
31 474 
4 361 
141 
1 562 
1 328 
2 052 
40 918 
31 908 
72 826 
Deposits and borrowings 
from the public ..............  
382 507 
45 573 
3 206 
2 621 
5 485 
5 179 
444 571 
861 377 
1 305 948 
Debt securities in issue 
190 283 
315 142 
5 620 
— 
2 641 
5 982 
519 668 
264 538 
784 206 
Senior non-preferred 
liabilities ........................  
31 535 
10279 
4 064 
— 
8 584 
1 609 
56 071 
1 368 
57 439 
Subordinated liabilities 
13 264 
9 405 
5 032 
— 
— 
2 428 
30 129 
1 202 
31 331 
Other liabilities, not 
distributed .....................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
427 034 
427 034 
Equity............................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
176 092 
176 092 
Total .............................  
649 063 
384 760 
18 063 
4 183 
18 038 
17 250 
1 091 357 
1 763 519 
2 854 876 
Other assets and 
liabilities ........................  
164 302 
322 284 
15 676 
(2 967) 
(45 957) 
14 584 
467 922 
— 
— 
Net position in currency  
11 750 
(74) 
(86) 
(3) 
238 
(75) 
11 750 
— 
— 
 
13.8.3 Share Price Risk 
Share price risk refers to the risk that the value of the Group’s holdings of shares and share-related 
derivatives may be negatively affected by changes in share prices or other relevant risk factors such 
as share price volatility.  
Share price risk arises due to holdings in equities and equity related derivatives. The main purpose of 
Swedbank’s equity trading is to generate liquidity for the Group’s customers. Share price risk is 
measured and limited in the Group, e.g., with respect to the worst possible outcomes in 81 different 
scenarios based on changes in share prices and implied volatility. In these scenarios, share prices 
change by a maximum of +/– 20 per cent and the implied volatility by a maximum of +/– 30 per cent.

--- Page 214 ---
202 
 
 
The outcomes for the various combinations form a risk matrix for share price risk, where the worst 
case scenario is limited. 
As of December 31, 2022, the worst outcome would have entailed a decline in the value of the trading 
operation’s positions by SEK 20 million (SEK 21 million as of December 31, 2021). 
13.8.4 Credit Spread Risk 
For financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value within the Group’s trading operations and 
liquidity portfolio, credit spread risk is measured separately as well. Credit spread risk refers to the risk 
that the value of these assets and liabilities will be affected by changes in issuer specific interest mark-
ups (credit spreads), e.g., the difference between a security’s interest mark-up and the current market 
rate with the corresponding maturity for an issuer. 
As of December 31, 2022, an increase in all issuer-specific spreads by 1 basis point would have 
reduced the value of the Group’s interest-bearing assets, including derivatives, by SEK 5 million (a 
reduction of SEK 12 million as of December 31, 2021). 
13.8.5 Risk Measurement 
Swedbank uses a number of different risk measures, both statistical and non–statistical, with the 
purpose of guiding the Group’s risk–taking units as well as to ensure compliance. Statistical measures 
such as Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) and Stressed Value-at-Risk (“SVaR”) are important tools in Swedbank’s 
risk management processes and are used, among other things, to calculate the Group’s capital 
requirement. 
VaR implicates the use of a model to estimate a probability distribution for the change in value of 
Swedbank’s portfolios. The model is based on the previous year’s movements in various market risk 
factors such as interest rates and equity prices. The estimation is based on the hypothetical 
assumption that the portfolios will remain unchanged over a certain time horizon. The Group uses a 
VaR model with a confidence interval of 99.0 per cent and a time horizon of one trading day. 
Statistically, this means that the potential loss of a portfolio will exceed the VaR amount one day out 
of 100. VaR is a useful tool, not only for determining the risk level of an individual security or asset 
class, but also when it comes to comparing risk levels for example between asset classes. Since VaR 
is a model based on a number of assumptions, Swedbank evaluates its VaR model’s accuracy on a 
daily basis through backtesting. 
VaR and SvaR differ slightly in that the stressed model applies market data from a one–year period of 
considerable stress. The period selected by Swedbank covers parts of the years 2008 and 2009, a 
period defined by the financial crisis. 
Non–statistical measures such as sensitivity analyses are important complements to VaR and SvaR, 
since these, in some cases, provide a deeper understanding of the market risk factors being 
measured. 
In addition to VaR and various types of sensitivity analyses, Swedbank conducts an extensive array 
of stress tests. These tests are built on scenarios and can be divided into three groups: historical, 
forward-looking, and method- and model stress scenarios. The purpose of these stress tests, and the 
scenarios that serve as a basis for them, is to further identify significant movements in risk factors or 
losses that could arise due to exceptional market disruptions. 
The trading operations at Swedbank are conducted within the business area of LC&I for the primary 
purpose of assisting customers to execute transactions in the financial markets. Positioning occurs

--- Page 215 ---
203 
 
 
only to a limited extent. The trading operations’ total VaR had an average value of SEK 36 million in 
2022, which can be compared to the average value of 24 million for 2021.  
Risk VaR LC&I 
 
 
2022 
2022 
2021 
SEK million 
Max 
Min 
Average 
31 Dec 
31 Dec 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Spread risk .......... 
22 
5 
10 
7 
6 
Share price risk .............. 
14 
2 
4 
3 
6 
Currency risk .................. 
8 
1 
3 
2 
5 
Interest rate risk ............. 
57 
19 
38 
30 
24 
Diversification ................. 
— 
— 
(19) 
(7) 
(17) 
Total .............................. 
42 
19 
36 
35 
24 
 
Data in the table are compiled using the VaR model that the Group applies to internal risk management 
and therefore differs from the values generated by the VaR model for capital requirements. 
13.8.6 Management of Market Risks 
The majority of the Group’s market risks are of structural or strategic nature and are managed primarily 
by Group Treasury. 
Swedbank’s market risk-taking is limited via the risk appetite established by Swedbank’s Board of 
Directors. Using the risk appetites as starting points, a strict risk management framework has been 
adopted on both the CEO level and the executive management level in order to prevent Swedbank 
from unintentional losses. The CEO assigns risk limits to the CFO. The CFO assigns risk limits to the 
Head of LC&I and to the Head of Treasury. The CFO and the Head of BA for LC&I set additional limits, 
as well as different types of indicators which at certain levels signal increased risk, in order to monitor 
the limits assigned by the CEO. In addition to limits set by the CFO and the Head of LC&I there are 
also local business area limits. 
Structural interest rate risks are a natural part of a bank that manages deposits and loans. Interest 
rate risk arises primarily when there is a difference in maturity and interest fixing periods between the 
Group’s assets and liabilities. Group Treasury manages risk within given limits, primarily by matching 
maturities either directly or through the use of various derivatives such as interest rate swaps. Interest 
rate risk also arises in the Group’s trading operations. The Group’s currency risk comprises of 
structural currency risk in the banking operations, currency risk as a result of the trading operations, 
and investments in the foreign operations. Share price risks arise due to holdings in equities and equity 
related derivatives. 
All market risks are managed within given limits, for example by means of forward contracts. 
13.8.7 Derivatives 
Derivatives are financial instruments where the value of the instrument changes in response to the 
change in an underlying variable such as an interest rate, security price or index. Derivatives are used 
throughout the Group. The trading desks use derivatives to meet customer needs and, as part of 
market-maker activities, to cover and take market risk positions. Other units use derivatives primarily 
to reduce interest rate, currency and credit spread risks associated with services offered to customers 
or with funding their operations.

--- Page 216 ---
204 
 
 
13.9 
Operational Risk  
Operational risk is defined as the risk of losses, business process disruption, and negative reputational 
impact resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external 
events. It also includes risk from external events not covered by other risk type. The Group 
fundamentally seeks to limit its exposure to operational risk as much as possible. However, some 
exposure is inevitable since operational risk is inherent in all banking products, processes, services, 
models, functions and IT systems. A low risk appetite requires the Group to manage operational risks 
to be resilient and limit disruptions to reputational impact and reduce operational losses in accordance 
with established principles.  
In 2022, Swedbank saw an increase in incidents compared to 2021. Risks and recurring incident 
events that continuously require closer attention are associated with (but not limited to) Information 
Security & IT risks, Business Continuity risks, fraud risks and Third Party risks connected to 
reoccurring disruptions in critical customer-facing services. In April 2022, Swedbank experienced a 
serious IT incident in connection with a system update. The incident caused incorrect balances to be 
shown in customers’ account statements and subsequent payment problems while also affecting the 
availability of the bank’s services. Swedbank takes what occurred seriously and has taken extensive 
action to prevent similar events from occurring. On March 15, 2023, Swedbank announced that it had 
received an administrative fine of SEK 850 million from the SFSA regarding the incident. The SFSA 
remarked that Swedbank had made a change to an IT system without following Swedbank’s internal 
procedures and processes. 
Risk-Based Planning 
The purpose of Risk-Based Planning (“RBP”) is to ensure that senior management considers the risks 
related to the business and that adequate resources and actions to manage the risks are planned for 
and prioritized. Further, the purpose of the risk organisation’s RBP is to identify and re-assess key risk 
areas and the risk profile, prioritise risk control activities and to facilitate coordination of those activities 
with the Compliance function and Group Internal Audit.  
Operational Risk Reporting 
Operational risk reporting takes place in the form of regular reporting and immediate escalation. 
Comprehensive reports are sent to the Board and the CEO on both a quarterly and a monthly basis 
(and if there is any deviation, such deviation is reflected in the monthly report of the Chief Risk Officer 
that is presented to the board of directors). In addition to the monthly risk report, an assurance report, 
containing the results of assurance-related activities, is compiled on a quarterly basis to confirm to the 
Board of Directors that risk management and control activities are proceeding according to plan. 
Risk Assessments 
The same methods (e.g., risk assessments) to self-assess operational risks are applied throughout 
the bank. These methods are used on regular basis to cover among others all significant processes 
within Swedbank and include identification of material risks, action planning and monitoring to manage 
any risks that may arise. 
New Product Approval Process (“NPAP”) 
Swedbank has a Group-wide NPAP covering all new and/or materially altered products, services, 
markets, processes or IT-systems as well as major operational and/or organisational changes. The 
purpose is to ensure that the Group does not enter into activities that entail unintended risks or risks 
that are not adequately managed and controlled as part of the process and also to ensure quality when

--- Page 217 ---
205 
 
 
launching new or materially altered products or services. The process is designed to emphasise the 
responsibility and accountability of the business areas for continuous overview of initiated NPAPs and 
continuous risk identification, analysis and mitigation. Group Risk and Group Compliance contributes 
with an expert evaluation of the risk analysis process and the residual risks, and both Group Risk and 
Group Compliance has the mandate to reject changes where risks exceed the risk appetite and the 
underlying limits. 
Business Continuity Management 
Swedbank’s principles for Business Continuity Management are defined in the Group-level framework. 
Crisis management teams are available both on Group and local level to coordinate and communicate 
internally and externally. In addition, business continuity plans are in place for all business-critical 
processes, for IT systems supporting these systems and for services that are critical for countries in 
which Swedbank operates. The plans are implemented on the Group and local level and describe how 
Swedbank is to operate in the event of a severe business disruption or potential crisis situation.  
Process and Control Management: Swedbank has adopted an internal regulation on managing 
processes and process control.  Processes are managed and internal controls are identified by every 
Business Area, Product Area and Group Function across the bank. Specific framework for internal 
controls over financial reporting are applied for the processes concerned. In addition, a process 
universe is in place which clarifies the responsibilities of the significant processes, as well as for 
controls needed in these processes. As such, it supports operational risk management and risk control 
activities within Swedbank.  
Incident Management and Reporting: Swedbank works proactively to prevent and strengthen its 
resilience and ability to manage all types of incidents, such as IT disruptions, natural disasters, 
financial market disturbances, act of terrorism and pandemics, which may affect the Group’s ability to 
provide services and offerings continually at an acceptable level. Group Risk supports business areas 
in reporting, analysing, and reviewing action plans to ensure that underlying causes are identified, and 
suitable actions are taken. Incidents and operational risk losses are reported in a central database for 
further analysis.  
Financial Crimes Reporting  
The Group requires any material violations of internal and external anti-money laundering and counter-
terrorist financing regulations to be reported in its regular compliance report. In addition, suspicious 
activity reports are filed with the local Financial Intelligence Unit of the relevant jurisdiction by the 
Group’s Money Laundering Reporting Officers in accordance with local procedures. In 2019, the Board 
established a working group to act as the Board’s advisory body to monitor the Group’s work with 
ongoing investigations regarding money laundering allegations and its own independent investigation 
with an external law firm, Clifford Chance LLP. The Board also established a new committee, the 
Corporate Governance Committee, which will assume the working group’s duties. The Group also 
continued to invest in resources, processes and technology to prevent money laundering and other 
financial crimes, including the creation of the AFC, increased staff and the engagement of external 
consultants to help the Group’s business areas prevent financial crimes. In October 2019, the Group 
developed an action plan to align the Group with industry best practices to prevent financial crime. In 
June 2020, Swedbank, along with the other four largest banks in Sweden, started a collaboration with 
the Swedish Police Authority to improve the ability to identify and combat money laundering and 
organised crime through increased information sharing. Swedbank has actively participated in this 
collaboration (“SAMLIT”), which is active with regular meetings and operational and strategic 
investigations. Each participating bank has provided at least two to three dedicated employees to 
ensure that the project is running as planned. In 2022, the Swedish Government introduced new 
legislation regarding formalised collaboration between credit institutions and Swedish authorities.

--- Page 218 ---
206 
 
 
Effective January 1, 2023, the new legislation enables a wider collaboration than SAMLIT in respect 
to both private and public participation. The new legislation also enables extended information sharing 
among participants within each formalised collaboration compared to the existing SAMLIT initiative.  
Recovery Planning  
Swedbank has established a Group-level recovery plan in accordance with the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive (“BRRD”) regulatory framework. The plan has been aligned with the guidelines 
and technical standards issued by the EBA. The recovery plan describes a set of measures that can 
be applied in distress in order to restore the sound financial position of Swedbank and to ensure the 
continuity of critical financial services provided by Swedbank in all its home markets. The recovery 
plan describes a wide range of recovery indicators along with trigger levels that can be easily 
monitored to capture potential stress in a timely manner. Further, in Swedbank’s corporate governance 
structure, the rules for escalation and decision-making to be used under stressful conditions are 
described. 
Information Security and IT Risk 
Information security risk is a risk subtype to operational risk. The protection of Information assets 
through information security management is fundamental in preventing and reducing operational risks. 
Swedbank defines information security risk as the risk of violation of confidentiality, integrity and 
availability (“CIA”) of digital and non-digital information resulting from malicious intent, or accidental or 
negligent violation of internal or external information security regulations. 
Swedbank has a structured approach to protect information. To strengthen these efforts, processes 
and routines are being constantly reviewed to improve and complement the bank’s management 
system for information security. The management system is a tool to manage and coordinate the 
Group’s long–term efforts in a structured and methodical way. 
IT Risk 
IT risk is a risk subtype to operational risk. Swedbank defines IT risk as the risk of violation of 
confidentiality, integrity or availability (CIA) of digital information resulting from non- intentional 
hardware, software or network failure, or accidental or negligent violation of IT processes. 
Swedbank has a structured approach to manage IT risks within Swedbank. IT serves a vital role in 
Swedbank, enabling the Bank and its Subsidiaries to run their business operations in a cost efficient, 
secure and scalable manner. Swedbank has well-documented and implemented processes and 
procedures that define how the Group operates, monitors and controls IT systems and services. 
Challenges and risk in digitalization 
Swedbank is a full-service bank in our four home markets. Our customers expect to continuously 
access Swedbank’s services in a secure, convenient way and where irrespective of the channel our 
customers choose to meet us. This requires Swedbank to be able to maintain an efficient, stable, 
secure and resilient IT environment, including outsourced services. 
Digital transformation raises information security threats including cyber risk and external fraud risk 
and requires also new ways of protection. Swedbank’s IT and information security risks must be 
identified and addressed in all types of development, procurement and change management.

--- Page 219 ---
207 
 
 
Legal 
The CEO has established a Group Legal function with the overall responsibility for governing, 
controlling and supporting proper management of legal matters. Swedbank has legal counsel in all 
major business areas specialised in core areas of Swedbank’s operations. The legal counsel provide 
legal services by supporting, understanding, and acting upon the need of the concerned business. 
There are also internal rules on escalation, information-sharing, and reporting of legal risks and 
lawsuits. Regular reviews are carried out to identify and follow-up on actual and/or potential legal risks, 
so that practices can be modified to ensure compliance with local regulatory requirements 
Insurance Policies 
Swedbank has insurance protection for significant parts of its operations and maintains several 
insurance programs to mitigate operational risks (and other types of risks.). These insurance programs 
consist of external insurance solutions, internal captive solutions and externally reinsured captive 
solutions. The external programmes include crime, property insurance, and cyber insurance.  
Regulatory Changes 
In the Basel III framework which were finalized in December 2017, the new Standardised 
Measurement Approach (“SMA”) for calculating operational risk capital requirement replaces all 
current methods. The method combines a simple standardised measure of operational risk exposure 
with bank-specific loss data to produce the capital requirement. 
An initial analysis of the impact of SMA on Pillar 1 regulatory capital charge for operational risk showed 
a small impact as compared to the previous approach; however, uncertainties remain regarding details 
of EU implementation of the new approach for operational risk, as the regulation has not yet been 
finalised. The earliest date for the implementation of any changes to the operational risk framework is 
expected to be January 1, 2025.  
Compliance  
For governing, controlling and supporting the proper handling of compliance matters, Swedbank has 
established Group Compliance that is responsible for providing assurance to the Board and CEO that 
the Group is effectively managing the risks within the Group Compliance scope considering the Risk 
Appetite set by the Board.  
The Compliance function focuses primarily on compliance risk, including Financial Crime Risk, 
Conduct Risk, and Regulatory Compliance risks, which are further divided into respective risk sub-
types. To provide active steering and oversight, all risk sub-types have qualitative risk appetite 
statements which are aligned with the overall strategy of the bank and supplemented with quantitative 
metrics (Key Risk Indicators). The purpose of the Risk Appetites per risk type is to set boundaries for 
and provide guidance on risk-taking, to enable risk-based decision making, so that the Group’s risk 
profile and risk exposure remains in line with the Board’s expectations. The Group has effective risk 
management processes which enables the Group to manage the risks in accordance with the 
principles set in relevant rules, regulations, and frameworks.

--- Page 220 ---
208 
 
 
14. 
Management  
14.1 
Board of Directors 
The Swedbank Board of Directors (the “Board”) has overarching responsibility for managing the 
Group’s affairs in the interest of both Swedbank and the shareholders. The Board carries out its role 
in a sustainable manner, with a focus on the Group’s customers’ interests and sound risk 
management, to ensure the Group’s long-term survival and instil trust in the market. 
On March 30, 2022, Swedbank held its Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and maintained the number 
of Board members at 12. electing two new Board members and re-electing ten existing Board 
members. The new members of the Board are Helena Liljedahl and Biörn Riese. The majority of the 
board members elected are independent in relation to Swedbank and the Group Executive Committee 
and independent in relation to Swedbank’s major shareholders. The Board also includes two employee 
representatives in accordance with special agreements with the Financial Sector Union of Sweden 
and Akademikerföreningen. 
Bo Bengtsson has left Swedbank Boards of Directors in January 2023 and will take up his new position 
as Head of Large Corporates & Institutions on March 1, 2023.  
The next Annual General Meeting will be held on March 30, 2023. Swedbank’s Nomination Committee 
has proposed the following board members for re-election; Göran Persson, Göran Bengtsson, Annika 
Creutzer, Hans Eckerström, Kerstin Hermansson, Helena Liljedahl, Bengt Erik Lindgren, Anna 
Mossberg, Per Olof Nyman, Biljana Pehrsson and Biörn Riese. Göran Persson is proposed as Chair 
of the Board of Directors. PwC AB will also be proposed for re-election as external auditor. 
The members of the Board, their year of birth, the year of their initial election as a director and the 
year of their initial appointment as an employee representative, their position and whether or not they 
are independent according to the requirements set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance 
(the “SCCG”), are set forth in the table below. 
 
Name 
Year of birth 
Board member 
since 
Position 
Independent/dependent 
Göran Persson 
1949 
2019 
Chair 
Independent 
Biörn Riese 
1953 
2022 
Vice Chair 
Independent 
Anna Mossberg 
1972 
2018 
Member 
Independent 
Kerstin Hermansson 
1957 
2019 
Member 
Independent 
Biljana Pehrsson 
1970 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Göran Bengtsson 
1967 
2020 
Member 
Dependent in relation to 
Swedbank and the executive 
management of Swedbank and 
independent in relation to 
Swedbank’s major shareholders. 
Bengt Erik Lindgren 
1950 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Hans Eckerström 
1972 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Annika Creutzer 
1957 
2021 
Member 
Independent 
Per Olof Nyman 
1956 
2021 
Member 
Independent 
Helena Liljedahl 
1969 
2022 
Member 
Independent 
Roger Ljung 
1967 
2015 
Employee 
Representative 
— 
Åke Skoglund 
1959 
2020 
Employee 
Representative 
— 
Details as to the education and experience of the Board members are listed below:

--- Page 221 ---
209 
 
 
Göran Persson: Mr. Persson has been the Chair of the Board since June 2019. He holds a Sociology 
and political science degree from the University of Örebro. Mr. Persson was the Swedish Finance 
Minister from 1994 to 1996 as well as the Swedish Prime Minister from 1996 to 2006. He previously 
held positions as chair at Sveaskog, Scandinavian Air Ambulance and Scandinavian Biogas Fuels 
International AB, board member at Wiklöf Holding AB and board member at Ålandsbanken. Mr 
Persson is the chair at LKAB and chair at Greengold Group AB. He is also senior advisor for the JKL 
Group and has consultancy assignments through his own company Baven AB. 
Biörn Riese: Mr. Riese has been the Vice Chair of the Board since 2022. He holds a Masters of Laws 
and an MBA in business economy from Stockholm University. Mr. Riese has been operating Jurie Law 
AB, his own law firm, since 2017. He has specialized in providing advice and support to companies 
regarding corporate governance and sustainability with a special focus on anti-corruption and risk 
management. He has been working as an advisor to Swedbank’s Board of Directors since 2019, 
mainly regarding money laundering issues. Mr. Riese is currently a board member of Arvid Nordquist 
Handelsaktiebolag, a board member of Institutet mot mutor (the Swedish Anti-Corruption Institute), a 
board member of Advokatsamfundets disciplinnämnd, the chair of Tynningö Gård Ek. För, the chair 
of Stiftelsen Min Stora Dag and the chair of Swedish Private Equity & Venture Capital Association 
Tillsynsnämnd. 
Anna Mossberg: Ms. Mossberg became a member of the Board in 2018. She holds a Master of 
Science from Luleå University of Technology, an executive MBA from both IE University, Spain and 
Stanford University, U.S. Ms. Mossberg is a board member at SwissCom AB, a board member at 
Orkla AB and a board member at Volvo Cars AB. Previously, she was a business area manager at 
Google Sweden AB, a VD at Bahnhof AB, SvP at Strategy and Portfolio Management, Deutsche 
Telecom AG, Director of Internet Services at Telia AB and Vice President at Telia International Carrier 
AB. She was also a board member at Schibsted ASA and a board member at Byggfakta Group Nordic 
AB. 
Kerstin Hermansson: Ms. Hermansson has been a member of the Board since the beginning of 
2019. She holds a Law degree from Lund University. Previously, Ms. Hermansson was the CEO of 
Swedish Securities Dealers Association. Ms. Hermansson has also worked as Global Head of Legal 
& Compliance at Enskilda Securities AB, a subsidiary within SEB Group. She was previously a board 
member at Swedsec Licensing AB and the Seventh Swedish National Pension Fund. Ms. Hermansson 
has also held a position as an attorney at Jacobsson & Ponsbach Fondkommission Ab. Additionally, 
she has provided notary services at the Linköping’s District Court and the police authorities in 
Katrineholm. Ms. Hermansson is also currently chair at Linnaeus University, deputy chair at Swedsec 
Licensiering AB and board member at Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB. 
Biljana Pehrsson: Ms. Pehrsson has been a member of the Board since May 2020. She holds a 
Master of Science in Engineering from the Stockholm Royal Institute of Technology. Ms. Pehrsson is 
currently a board member of Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern AB and CEO at Nordr Sverige AB. She 
was previously CEO at Kungsleden AB, a board member of East Capital Baltic Property Fund (ECBPF 
I & II & III), Einar Mattsson AB/Fastighets AB Stadshus, the deputy CEO / Head of Real Estate of East 
Capital Private Equity and CEO of Centrumutveckling. 
Göran Bengtsson: Mr. Bengtsson has been a member of the Board since May 2020. He attended 
the Bachelor’s Programme in Business and Economics at the University of Borås. Mr. Bengtsson is 
currently a member of the Board’s Risk and Capital Committee and Audit Committee. He is currently 
CEO of Falkenbergs Sparbank and a board member of Destination Falkenberg AB. He was previously 
Regional Head of Credit at Swedbank from 2007 to 2012. 
Hans Eckerström: Mr. Eckerström has been a member of the Board since May 2020. He holds a 
Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Chalmers University of Technology and a Master

--- Page 222 ---
210 
 
 
of Science in Business Administration from the University of Gothenburg. Mr. Eckerström is currently 
the chair of Profoto Holding AB and Profoto Invest AB. He is also a board member of Thule Group AB 
and CIO at Aligro Partners Acquisition Company AB. Mr. Eckerström was previously the chair of Nobia 
AB, the chair of Henri-Lloyd Group AB and a board member of Nordstjernan AB. 
Bengt Erik Lindgren: Mr. Lindgren has been a member of the Board since May 2020. He studied 
business administration, sociology and human resource management at Uppsala University. Mr. 
Lindgren is currently a member of the Board’s Risk and Capital Committee. He was previously Chair 
of Prevas AB and Länsförsäkringar Bergslagen Ömsesidigt and a board member of Lansa Fastigheter 
AB, Lansa Bostadsfastigheter AB and Länsförsäkringar Bank AB. 
Annika Creutzer: Ms. Creutzer has been a member of the Board since 2021. She holds an economics 
degree in national economics from Stockholm University. Ms. Creutzer currently owns her own 
business, Creutzer & Co AB, which focuses on financial journalism and public education. She was 
previously a board member of Pensionsmyndigheten (the Swedish Pensions Agency), the startup 
company Påmind and Konsumentföreningen Stockholm (Stockholm Consumer Cooperative). Ms. 
Creutzer was previously the Editor in Chief of Pengar24 and Privata Affärer. 
Per Olof Nyman: Mr. Nyman has been a member of the Board since 2021. He holds a Master of 
Science in Industrial Economy from Linköping University. He previously studied at the IFL School of 
Economics, Accounting & Financial Management and he also studied IT and Commercial law at 
Örebro University. Mr. Nyman is currently a member of the Board’s Audit Committee. He is currently 
CEO of Lantmännen Ek För and serves as a Board Member of a number of organisations including 
HKScan Oyj, Haupt genossenschaft Nord AG (HaGe Kiel), Svensk Kooperation and Lantmännen 
Dansk Landbrugs Grovvareselskab International AB (LDI). He is currently the chair at Intercoop 
Europe. Mr. Nyman was previously Vice President and CFO at Lantmännen. 
Helena Liljedahl: Ms. Liljedahl has been a member of the Board since 2022. She holds a Master of 
Science in Business Administration from the University of Örebro. She is currently CEO of KF 
Fastigheter AB and serves as a member of Folksam ömsesidig sakförsäkring. She previously was a 
board member of Medmera Bank, Chair of Coeli Fastighet II, a board member of Technopolis Oiy and 
Head of Commercial Development at Ingka Centres Russia. 
Roger Ljung: Mr. Ljung has been an employee representative to the Board since 2015. Mr. Ljung is 
a Business advisor at Swedbank. Previously he was a retail advisor and branch manager at 
Swedbank. Mr. Ljung is also a board member of Finansförbundets förbundsstyrelse, deputy chair of 
Finansförbundets koncernklubb Swedbank, board member of Finans och Försäkringsbranchens A-
kassa and deputy chair of SPK. 
Åke Skoglund: Mr. Skoglund has been an employee representative to the Board since 2020. Mr. 
Skoglund studied Business Administration at Stockholm University. He has worked at Swedbank for 
approximately 30 years. He has previous experience with business development, accounting, annual 
accounts and government reporting. Mr. Skoglund is also currently the chair at Finansförbundets 
Lokala Klubb Centrala Enheter 
The 2023 AGM is scheduled to take place on March 30, 2023. On January 30, 2023, Swedbank’s 
Nomination Committee presented its proposal for the Board of Directors to the AGM. For further detail, 
see “Management—Annual General Meeting.”  
The office address of the members of the Board is c/o Swedbank (publ), Landsvägen 40, SE-172 63 
Sundbyberg Stockholm, Sweden. None of the Board members have any family relationship with any 
other Board member or any members of the Group Executive Committee.

--- Page 223 ---
211 
 
 
During the last five years none of the members of the Board have been involved in any bankruptcies, 
receiverships or liquidations in any capacity as a member of the board of directors of a company or 
members of the management of a company. None of the members of the Board have been convicted 
in relation to fraudulent offences during the last five years or been subject to any public incrimination 
or sanctions by statutory or regulatory authorities (including designated professional bodies), and none 
of the directors have been disqualified by a court from acting as members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies of a company or from acting in the management or conduct of the 
affairs of any company during the last five years. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to Swedbank by any member of 
the Board of Swedbank, listed above, and their private interests or other duties.  
Some or all of the members of the Board are customers of Swedbank and accordingly have ordinary 
customer relationships with Swedbank. 
The members of the Board are not entitled to any benefits upon retirement from the Board 
14.2 
Group Executive Committee  
The transformation of the Group Executive Committee involved the appointment of Charlotte Rydin as 
Chief Legal Officer and Head of Group Legal on July 9, 2020. She started in the beginning of 2021. 
Jon Lidefelt was appointed Head of Baltic Banking on July 9, 2020. He had been acting Head of Baltic 
Banking since December 2019. In addition, Erik Ljungberg was appointed as Head of Group 
Communication and Sustainability on July 1, 2020 and Rolf Marquardt was appointed as Group Risk 
Manager on September 14, 2020. On January 15, 2021, it was announced that Ola Laurin would step 
down as the head of LC&I. On June 16, 2021, Swedbank announced the appointment of Tomas 
Hedberg, the former Head of the Special Task Force unit, as deputy President and deputy CEO. 
Tomas Hedberg assumed his new role as of July 1, 2021 and is a permanent member of the Group 
Executive Committee. On September 21, 2021, Swedbank announced the retirement of Ingrid Harbo, 
Swedbank’s Chief Compliance Officer and a member of the Group Executive Committee since 2019. 
On January 21, 2022, Swedbank announced the appointment of Britta Hjorth-Larsen as its new CCO. 
Britta Hjorth-Larsen took up her position August 1, 2022 and is a member of Swedbank’s Group 
Executive Committee. Eva Wilhelmsson served as acting Chief Compliance Officer from April 1, 2022 
until Britta Hjorth-Larsen took up her position. On December 19, 2022, Pål Bergström announced his 
departure as Head of LC&I with his departure set for mid-June 2023 at the latest. Swedbank has 
appointed Bo Bengtsson as new Head of LC&I and will become a member of Swedbank’s Group 
Executive Committee as of March 1, 2023. 
The table below sets forth the name, year of birth, current position and years of employment of the 
members of the Group Executive Committee.

--- Page 224 ---
212 
 
 
Name 
Year of birth 
Position 
Employed Since 
Jens Henriksson 
1967 
President and CEO 
2019 
Tomas Hedberg  
1963  
Deputy President and CEO  
2000 
Mikael Björknert 
1966 
Head of Swedish Banking 
2010 
Lars-Erik Danielsson 
1962 
Chief Credit Officer and Head of Group 
Credit 
1990 
Anders Ekedahl 
1960 
Head of Anti-Financial Crime Unit 
1987 
Jon Lidefelt 
1973 
Head of Baltic Banking 
2013 
Erik Ljungberg 
1971 
Head of Group Brand, Communication & 
Sustainability 
2020 
Pål Bergström 
1967 
Head of Large Corporates & Institutions 
2021 
Lotta Lovén 
1967 
CIO and Head of Group Channels & 
Technologies 
2004 
Rolf Marquardt  
1964 
Chief Risk Officer and Head of Group Risk 
2020 
Carina Strand 
1964 
Head of Group HR & Infrastructure 
2017 
Anders Karlsson 
1966 
Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) 
2010 
Charlotte Rydin 
1968 
Chief Legal Officer and Head of Group 
Legal 
2021 
Britta Hjorth-Larsen  
1965 
Chief Compliance Officer and Head of 
Group Compliance 
2022 
Kerstin Winlöf 
1966 
Head of Group Products & Advice 
2019 
Jens Henriksson: Mr. Henriksson holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics, Masters in Electric 
Engineering, Control Theory and a Fil. Lic. in Economics. 
Mikael Björknert: Mr. Björknert holds a Bachelor’s of Science in Business Administration and 
Economics. 
Lars-Erik Danielsson: Mr. Danielsson holds a Master’s of Science in Economics. 
Anders Ekedahl: Mr. Ekedahl holds a Master’s of Science in Economics. 
Jon Lidefelt: Mr. Lidefelt holds a Master’s of Science in Engineering Physics. 
Erik Ljungberg: Mr. Ljungberg holds a Master’s of Science in Business Administration. 
Pål Bergström: Mr. Bergström holds a Ph.D. in Economics from the University of Uppsala, a 
Bachelor’s of Arts in Economics and a Bachelor's of Arts in Czech Language from the University of 
Uppsala. 
Lotta Lovén: Ms. Lovén holds a Diploma in Business Administration. 
Rolf Marquardt: Mr. Marquardt holds a PhD in Business Economics. 
Carina Strand: Ms. Strand studied business for her upper secondary school degree. 
Anders Karlsson: Mr. Karlsson holds a Master’s of Science in Economics. 
Charlotte Rydin: Ms. Rydin holds a Master’s of Law, LL.M. 
Kerstin Winlöf: Ms. Winlöf holds a Master’s of Science in Business Administration and Economics. 
Britta Hjorth-Larsen: Ms. Hjorth-Larsen holds a Master's of Science in Business Law and Economics.

--- Page 225 ---
213 
 
 
The office address of the members of the Group Executive Committee is c/o Swedbank (publ) 
Landsvägen 40, 172 63 Sundbyberg, Sweden. None of the members of the Group Executive 
Committee has any family relationship with any other member of the Group Executive Committee or 
member of the Board of Directors. 
None of the members of the Group Executive Committee have, during the past five years, been 
involved in any bankruptcies, receiverships or liquidations in any capacity as a member of the Board 
of Directors of a company or members of the management of a company. None of the members of the 
Group Executive Committee have been convicted in relation to fraudulent offences during the last five 
years or been subject to any public incrimination or sanctions by statutory or regulatory authorities 
(including designated professional bodies), and none of the members of the Group Executive 
Committee have been disqualified by a court from acting as members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies of a company or from acting in the management or conduct of the 
affairs of any company during the last five years. 
The Board of Directors have adopted a Conflict of Interest Policy that sets the Group’s approach as 
regards conflicts of interest. The Policy defines the key conflicts of interest that impact the Group as 
well as detailing its mitigating actions. A key function related to this is the process for disclosure of 
ancillary assignments.  
Some or all of the members of the Group Executive Committee are customers of Swedbank and 
accordingly have ordinary customer relationships with Swedbank. 
14.3 
The Board’s Organisation and Work 
The Board is the Group’s highest decision-making body after the AGM, and its highest executive body. 
Swedbank’s Board sets financial goals and strategies; appoints, dismisses and evaluates the CEO; 
verifies that effective systems are in place to monitor and control operations and that laws and 
regulations are complied with; and ensures transparency and disclosure of accurate information. The 
Board is also ultimately responsible for ensuring that the Group has an effective organisation and 
corporate governance. The Board appoints/dismisses the heads of Group Risk, Group Compliance 
and Group Internal Audit, and decides on their remuneration. Internal Audit is directly subordinate to 
the Board. The division of tasks between the Board, the Chair of the Board and the CEO is determined 
annually through the Board’s rules of procedure, the governance policy and instruction given to the 
CEO, among others. The Board has also appointed committees to monitor, prepare and evaluate 
issues within specific areas for resolution by the Board. For further information on the Board’s work 
and organisation, please refer to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as of and 
for the year ended December 31, 2022 which are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. More 
information on the work of the Board’s committees can be found below. 
14.4 
Risk and Capital Committee  
The Risk and Capital Committee supports the Board in its work to ensure that routines are in place to 
identify and define risks relating to business activities as well as to measure and control risk-taking 
and assessing its capital requirements. The members of the committee have special competence and 
experience working with risk and capital issues as well as compliance. 
The work of the Risk and Capital Committee includes to: 
 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (“ICAAP”) and issues relating to the bank’s 
capitalisation. 
 
The Group’s credit limits and exposures.

--- Page 226 ---
214 
 
 
 
Funding-related matters and strategies.  
 
Monitor and administer Group Compliance and Group Risk’s annual plans and strategic 
priorities. 
 
Review the Group’s overarching risk framework (ERM policy) and risk policies. 
 
Monitor and prepare the monthly risk report from Group Risk, which contains among other 
things a report on the Group’s risks. 
 
Monitor and prepare Group Compliance’s quarterly report on the Group’s compliance risks 
and non-compliance. 
 
Monitor and administer Group Compliance’s and Group Risk’s annual plans and strategic 
proprieties. 
14.5 
Remuneration Committee 
The Board’s Remuneration Committee verifies that the Group’s remuneration systems generally 
conform to effective risk management practices and legal requirements. Remuneration systems must 
comply with all applicable rules, such as the Swedish Corporate Governance Code, the SFSA rules 
and the European Banking Authority’s guidelines for senior executives. The committee’s chair and 
members must have the necessary risk analysis knowledge and experience to independently evaluate 
the suitability of the Group’s remuneration policy. The members must be independent in relation to the 
Group and its executive management. The work of the Remuneration Committee includes: 
 
Salaries, pensions, variable remuneration and other benefits for the Group Executive 
Committee in accordance with the guidelines adopted by the AGM and for the Group Audit 
Committee. 
 
The Board’s proposal to the AGM regarding remuneration guidelines for senior executives. 
 
Allocation and evaluation of Swedbank’s performance and share-based remuneration 
programmes and other matters associated with the programmes. 
 
Swedbank’s remuneration policy. 
 
Decisions pursuant to or deviations from remuneration policies.  
 
Annual review and evaluation of the appropriateness of the remuneration instructions. 
 
Preparation and recommendation to the Board on remuneration to consultants in cases where 
the total remuneration exceeds a certain amount. 
 
Review to ensure that salary differences are not arbitrary. 
 
Matters concerning the process for nominating Board members of material subsidiaries as 
well as the instruction for Swedbank’s internal nomination committee. 
14.6 
Audit Committee  
The Audit Committee, through its work and in consultation with the external auditor, the Head of 
Internal Audit, the CEO and Group Risk, provides the Board with access to information on internal

--- Page 227 ---
215 
 
 
governance and control over the Group’s financial reporting. Its purpose is to ensure that the Group’s 
financial reporting is conducted in a satisfactory and compliant manner. 
The Audit Committee’s purpose is to ensure that the Group’s CEO establishes and maintains effective 
routines for internal governance. These routines must be designed to provide reasonable assurance 
with respect to reporting (financial reporting, operational risk tied to financial reporting) and compliance 
(laws, regulations and internal rules) and ensure the suitability and efficiency of the Group’s 
administrative processes and the protection of its assets. 
The Audit Committee also reviews the work of internal and external auditors to ensure that such work 
has been conducted effectively, impartially and satisfactorily. The committee proposes measures that 
are decided on by the Board as needed. The Head of Internal Audit is a co-opted member of the Audit 
Committee. The majority of the members of the Audit Committee must be independent from the Group 
and its executive management. At least one member must also be independent from the Group’s 
major shareholders. In addition, at least one member must have special competence in accounting or 
auditing. 
The Audit Committee is responsible for, among others: 
 
reviewing and evaluating the Group’s financial reporting process; 
 
ensuring the quality of the bank’s financial reporting and that such reporting is complied with 
all applicable requirements; 
 
ensuring that interim and year-end reports are audited or reviewed by the external auditor; 
 
meeting with the external auditor on each reporting date; 
 
evaluating the Chief Audit Executive; 
 
reviewing Internal Audit´s budget, policy, instruction and annual plan and recommending them 
for approval by the Board; 
 
reviewing Group Internal Audit’s quarterly reports and suggested improvements; 
 
monitoring Group Internal Audit´s annual plan and strategic priorities;  
 
monitoring the external auditor´s annual plan and coordinating between the external and 
internal audit and the view of the Group’s risk; and  
 
reviewing of its areas of responsibility. 
14.7 
Governance Committee 
The Governance Committee, which was established in December 2019, was established within the 
Board of Directors. The main purpose of the committee is to assists the Board of Directors in 
monitoring, evaluating and ensuring that the bank’s governance model and processes are   effective 
and appropriate and that they have been adopted in the organisation in a way that ensures effective 
governance and control throughout the Group. The committee also ensures that clear and consistent 
principles are applied for reporting, escalation and division of responsibilities. The Governance 
Committee submits recommendations to the Board for decision. 
Through the Governance Committee, more time is allocated for detailed preparations on corporate 
governance matters, including recurring reviews and evaluations of the Board’s overarching corporate

--- Page 228 ---
216 
 
 
governance principles as well as internal control and monitoring of the subsidiaries’ implementation of 
the Group’s internal rules. The Governance Committee also monitors the bank’s work with ongoing 
regulatory investigations with an overarching impact on the Group’s operations. 
14.8 
Remuneration of the Board and Senior Executives  
For 2022, the AGM approved the following annual board fees: SEK 2,982,000 to the Chair, SEK 
1,000,000 to the Deputy Chair and SEK 686,000 to each of the other ordinary members. The AGM 
also approved a fee of SEK 485,000 to the Chair of the Risk and Capital Committee, SEK 282,000 to 
each ordinary member of the Risk and Capital Committee, SEK 445,000 to the Chair of the Audit 
Committee, SEK 270,000 to each ordinary member of the Audit Committee, SEK 118,000 to the Chair 
and each ordinary member of the Remuneration Committee, SEK 445,000 to the Chair of the 
Governance Committee and SEK 270,000 to each ordinary member of the Governance Committee. 
Board fees are not paid to employee representatives or persons having an employment contract with 
Swedbank. In 2022, total compensation paid to members of Swedbank’s Board and Chair, the 
President and other members of the Group Executive Committee (key management personnel) was 
SEK 131 million, compared to SEK 132 million in 2021. For additional information on compensation, 
severance payments, benefits and pension commitments for the members of the Board and Group 
Executive Management, please see note G13 in the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
14.9 
Auditor 
In accordance with its Articles of Association, Swedbank shall have no less than one and no more 
than two authorised public accountants (the “Auditor”). The Auditor is appointed by the AGM after 
being nominated by the Nomination Committee. Auditing duties are normally for four years, although 
a decision may be made to replace the Auditor before the conclusion of the four-year period. At the 
2019 AGM (on March 28, 2019), PwC Sverige AB was elected as auditor for the period ending at the 
2023 AGM. The Chief Auditor is Authorised Public Accountant Anneli Granqvist, a member of FAR 
(the institute for the accountancy profession in Sweden). In 2022, the Chief Auditor reported to the 
Audit Committee on six occasions. The Auditor also participated in one Board meeting at which a 
summary of the year’s audit was presented. The Auditor also met with the Chair of the Audit 
Committee, the Head of Internal Audit, the executive management and other operating managers on 
a regular basis. The Group’s interim reports are reviewed by the Auditor. The Sustainability report has 
been reviewed as well. 
14.10 
Corporate Governance  
Sound corporate governance means that the Group, on the basis of Swedbank’s strategies, goals and 
values, is governed as sustainably, effectively and responsibly as possible. This is important in order 
to maintain confidence in Swedbank’s shareholders, customers, employees and other stakeholders, 
and to ensure effective and sound risk management and internal steering and control. Strong 
corporate governance also contributes to efficient and transparent internal and external information 
disclosure. Decision-making processes shall be simple and transparent with clear lines of 
responsibility. There must be clear rules and routines to manage conflicts of interest and effective tools 
for internal governance, risk management and control. The corporate culture shall be characterised 
by transparency, integrity, compliance and risk awareness. Swedbank’s values shall provide a 
foundation for decision-making on a daily basis and for employees’ daily work. 
In 2020, a review was conducted of the Group’s corporate governance model, the purpose of which 
was to ensure that the Group has an effective and satisfactory model that is clear, consistent and 
aligned with current corporate governance principles. An evaluation of the boards, committee

--- Page 229 ---
217 
 
 
structures and executive managements of the Baltic subsidiaries has been conducted, in addition to 
how the Group handles potential conflicts between laws and regulations on corporate governance and 
control in Sweden and the Baltic countries. The review resulted in among other things updates to 
several key policy documents within the Group that clarify the delegation of responsibilities, roles and 
reporting lines. Furthermore, the Group’s overarching risk framework has been revised. The Group 
has also improved the process for communicating and monitoring implementation of the Group’s 
training in 2021 on corporate governance issues for decision makers in the organisation.  
In 2021, Swedbank continued its efforts to safeguard and maintain customers’, shareholders’ and 
society’s trust in Swedbank. The comprehensive action plan launched in 2020 has continued with the 
aim of remedying the shortcomings in the areas of anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist 
financing that were identified in 2019. During 2021, Swedbank continued to invest in improved 
routines, processes and system support to strengthen its ability to identify and mitigate financial crime. 
Swedbank has evaluated and strengthened the corporate governance model and framework to ensure 
that the bank has an appropriate corporate governance model with effective governance, control and 
risk management across the Group. 
In October 2021, Swedbank AB implemented changes in the governance and control of Baltic Banking, 
previously announced in February 2021. A wholly owned holding company was established, 
Swedbank Baltics AS, and it became owner of the subsidiary banks in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
This way Swedbank AB formalised the current operating model while increasing the accountability and 
responsibility of the Baltic Banking management. The new legal structure has three main goals: (i) to 
anchor the Baltic Banking’s business area matrix organisation in legal form, (ii) to increase 
transparency in Swedbank AB with respect to Baltic Banking’s decision-making process, and (iii) to 
strengthen Swedbank AB’s governance and control. The Supervisory Board (Council) of the holding 
company Swedbank Baltics AS is represented by Swedbank AB through Swedbank’s CEO, CFO and 
Chief Legal Officer, who are members of the company’s board. In addition, the Head of Baltic Banking 
is also the CEO of the holding company Swedbank Baltics AS.  
14.11 
Annual General Meeting 
The shareholders exercise their influence through participation in the AGM. According to Swedbank’s 
Articles of Association, the AGM shall be held before the end of April, or under special circumstances, 
no later than June 30. The AGM is normally held in Stockholm. The time and location are published in 
the Group’s year-end report and on its website. The notice of the AGM is usually published five weeks 
in advance in Post och Inrikes Tidningar (the Official Swedish Gazette) and on the Group’s website. 
An announcement that the notice has been posted is also placed in several major Swedish 
newspapers. 
The 2022 AGM was conducted on March 30, 2022. A total of 637,274,673 shares, representing about 
56 per cent. of the total number of shares in Swedbank were represented. The Board members who 
were nominated for re-election and new members followed the meeting, as did the Group Executive 
Committee and the Chief Auditor. The AGM approved an ordinary dividend of SEK 9.25 per share and 
an extraordinary dividend of SEK 2.00 per share. The record date for the dividend was set for April 1, 
2022 and the dividend was paid on April 6, 2022. The dividend corresponds to 61 per cent. of the net 
profit for the financial years 2021.  
The 2023 AGM is scheduled to take place on March 30, 2023. On January 30, 2023, Swedbank’s 
Nomination Committee presented its proposal for the Board of Directors to the AGM and proposed the 
re-election of Göran Persson, Biörn Riese, Göran Bengtsson, Annika Creutzer, Hans Eckerström, 
Bengt Erik Lindgren, Anna Mossberg, Per Olof Nyman, Biljana Pehrsson, Helena Liljedahl and Kerstin 
Hermansson. In accordance with the bank’s dividend policy to distribute 50 per cent. of profit for the

--- Page 230 ---
218 
 
 
year, the Board of Directors is proposing a dividend of SEK 9.75 per share for the financial year 2022. 
The proposed record day for the dividend is April 3, 2023.  
The Nomination Committee is the shareholders’ governing body, which nominates Board members 
and the Auditor and proposes their fees, among other things. 
The Nomination Committee currently consists of Lennart Haglund (Chair), Ylva Wessén, Martin 
Jonasson, Anders Oscarsson, Anette Björkman and Göran Persson. 
The duties of the Nomination Committee, where applicable, are to submit proposals to the following 
AGM for decisions regarding: 
 
the election of a Chair of the AGM; 
 
remuneration of the Board members and Auditors; 
 
the election of the Board members, Chair and Auditors; 
 
principles for appointing the Nomination Committee at the next AGM; and 
 
the number of Board members. 
14.12 
Shareholders 
The table below sets forth our largest shareholders as of December 31, 2022: 
 
Shareholder 
% of capital and votes 
Sparbanksgruppen 
11.86 
Folksam 
6.98 
Norges Bank 
4.36 
Swedbank Robur Funds  
4.02 
Sparbankensstiftelser – excl Sparbanksgruppen  
3.62 
Vanguard   
3.15 
Blackrock 
2.86 
DWS Investments 
2.00 
T.Rowe Price 
1.89 
SEB Fonder 
1.89 
10 largest shareholders 
42.62 
Number of shareholders 
352,465

--- Page 231 ---
219 
 
 
15. 
Regulatory Considerations  
15.1 
Banking Regulation and Supervision in Sweden 
15.1.1 The Banking and financing business  
Banks and other companies in the financial sector are subject to extensive regulation in Sweden and 
elsewhere. This section briefly describes certain of the regulations governing Swedbank relating to 
capital adequacy and liquidity, MREL and the Resolution Act. The information herein is current as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus. Many regulations, particularly in the areas of capital adequacy, large 
exposures, liquidity and measures in case of a credit institution’s financial difficulties are presently 
undergoing substantial changes, or have recently undergone such changes with resulting lack of 
foreseeability as to how they will be applied by the authorities. Some of these changes are referred to 
in the section titled “Risk Factors”. 
15.1.2 General 
Banking, mortgage lending, leasing and other financing business in Sweden is regulated by the 
Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw: Lagen (2004:297) om bank- och 
finansieringsrörelse) (the “BFBA”), which sets out the fundamental requirements for obtaining a 
licence, principal rules for the operations and certain modifications from the companies act that are 
applicable to banks and credit market companies. 
The Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act also requires credit institutions to conduct their 
business so as not to contribute to financial imbalances in the credit market. 
Swedbank is a public limited liability bank company and has been granted a licence from the SFSA to 
conduct banking business under the BFBA as well as, inter alia, licences to carry out a securities 
business 
under 
the 
Swedish 
Securities 
Markets 
Act 
(Sw: 
Lagen 
(2007:528) 
om 
värdepappersmarknaden) and a pension savings business under the Individual Pension Savings Act 
(Sw: Lagen (1993:931) om individuellt pensionssparande). Furthermore, in addition to Swedbank 
Mortgage, many of Swedbank’s other subsidiaries are regulated under Swedish or foreign laws 
regulating financial institutions and insurance companies, and are also subject to the supervision of 
the SFSA or the corresponding authority in other jurisdictions. 
15.1.3 Capital adequacy and liquidity 
The Swedish capital adequacy framework is based on CRR and the EU Capital Requirements 
Directive (“CRD”), which implement in the EEA the framework for capital and liquidity requirements 
intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit 
institutions (the so called “Basel III” framework) published by the Basel Committee in 2010. In addition, 
on January 13, 2011, the Basel Committee published minimum requirements for regulatory capital to 
ensure loss absorbency at the point of non-viability. 
Following the Basel III guidelines, on July 20, 2011, the European Commission published 
corresponding proposed changes at the EU level to replace the amended Capital Requirement 
Directive with two legislative instruments: a Regulation establishing prudential requirements 
institutions are required to respect and a Directive (through an amendment of Directive 2002/87/EC) 
governing the access to deposit-taking activities. The Fourth Capital Requirements Directive 
2013/36/EU (“CRD IV”) legislative package was published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
on June 27, 2013. CRD IV was required to be implemented by the EU member states so as to apply 
from January 1, 2014 and the CRR applied directly in the EU member states from January 1, 2014, in 
each case, with certain exceptions. Beginning January 1, 2014, the Swedish capital adequacy

--- Page 232 ---
220 
 
 
framework is based on CRR and CRD IV. As from January 1, 2014 CRR became Swedish law, while 
CRD IV was implemented in Sweden in 2014 through amendments to Swedish legislation and SFSA 
regulations. CRR and CRD IV are complemented by a set of technical standards developed by the 
EBA and adopted by the European Commission. 
CRR and CRD IV introduced significant changes in the prudential regulatory regime applicable to 
banks, including: increased minimum capital ratios; changes to the definition of capital and the 
calculation of REA; and the introduction of new measures relating to leverage, liquidity and funding. 
CRR and CRD IV permit a transitional period for certain of the enhanced capital requirements and 
certain other measures. The Swedish authorities decided however that the higher capital requirements 
resulting from the implementation of CRR and CRD IV would be implemented without any phasing-in 
period, with the only exception that capital instruments not fully compliant with CRR may be included 
in the total capital during a limited grandfathering period. Starting in 2014, Swedish banks have been 
required to report the leverage ratio to the regulator, and a formal disclosure requirement was 
introduced in the first quarter of 2015.  
The SFSA has imposed capital requirements beyond the minimum level of 7 per cent. Common Equity 
Tier 1 (“CET 1”) capital (including the mandatory capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent.) on 
Swedish banks, in accordance with the EU rules. In early September 2014, the SFSA decided which 
capital requirements would apply to Swedish banks beyond the minimum level of 7 per cent. Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital (including the mandatory capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent.) in 
accordance with the EU rules. As of January 1, 2015, the three major Swedish banks, including 
Swedbank, are required to maintain a systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent. in Common Equity Tier 1 
capital within the framework of Pillar 1. The countercyclical buffer rate for Swedish exposures was set 
to 1.0 per cent. from September 13, 2015, was increased to 1.5 per cent. from June 27, 2016 and was 
increased further to 2.0 per cent. beginning March 19, 2017. In March 2020, the countercyclical buffer 
was reduced to 0.0 per cent. In September 2021, the SFSA decided to raise the countercyclical buffer 
rate to 1.0 per cent., which entered into force 12 months later in September 2022. In June 2022, the 
SFSA decided to raise the countercyclical buffer rate to 2.0 per cent., which will enter into force in 
June 2023.  
In January 2016, the SFSA reiterated that it did not intend to make formal decisions on the capital 
requirement for individual institutions in Pillar 2. As long as a formal decision was not made, the capital 
requirement under Pillar 2 did not affect the level at which automatic restrictions on dividend and 
coupon payments on certain subordinated securities take effect (due to a breach of the combined 
buffer requirements). However, this has changed after the implementation of the Banking Package 
(CRR II and CRD V) with the introduction of a new Pillar 2 framework where there is a Pillar 2 
requirement. 
Supervisory authorities in Sweden and at the European level have made note of the major differences 
among the average risk weights institutions calculate their credit risk exposure under the banks’ 
internal rating-based (“IRB”) approach (a basis for calculating capital requirements for credit risk) 
especially as regards mortgage lending within the retail exposure class. In May 2013, the SFSA 
announced its decision to introduce a risk-weight floor of 15 per cent. for the Swedish mortgage 
portfolio, which was then increased to 25 per cent. in September 2014. The risk-weight floor was 
introduced as part of the SFSA’s overall capital assessment under the supervisory measures in Pillar 
2. As of the end of 2018, the Swedish mortgage floor has been replaced with the requirement within 
the framework of Article 458 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of June 26, 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending CRR to include the risk weight floor for Swedish mortgages in Pillar 1. This has not changed 
Swedbank’s capital requirement materially in nominal monetary terms but has affected Swedbank’s 
capital ratios and capital requirements expressed as a percentage of REA. At present, Swedbank has

--- Page 233 ---
221 
 
 
sufficient CET 1 capital to meet its capital requirements. However, no assurances can be made that 
Swedbank will continue to hold this level of CET 1 capital. 
In November 2018, the SFSA published a memorandum explaining that Swedish banks using an IRB 
approach to calculate their credit risk must analyse their risk classification systems to be compliant 
with amended guidelines produced by the EBA. On July 9, 2019 the SFSA confirmed that the EBA will 
delay the deadline for full compliance with the updated requirement to the end of 2021. Compliance 
with the updated requirements on the definition of default is still required by the end of 2020. As a 
result of the new guidelines, Swedbank is required to hold more capital. Swedbank has applied to 
have new internal models for risk classification approved and the application process is ongoing. Until 
the IRB models are approved and implemented, Swedbank has decided to hold an Article 3 add-on 
corresponding to the bank’s estimate of the remaining REA effect from the new models. 
In January 2020, the SFSA finalised a proposal to introduce increased capital requirements for 
commercial real-estate bank loans in the third quarter of 2020. The capital requirement consists of a 
charge in Pillar 2 that represents the difference between the bank’s average risk weights for 
commercial properties and the risk weights that the SFSA has set out. The average risk weight is 35 
per cent. for commercial real-estate and 25 per cent. for residential real-estate. According to the 
SFSA’s SREP decision in 2022, Swedbank is subject to a total capital requirement of 0.7 per cent. of 
which 0.5 per cent. is to be fulfilled by Common Equity Tier 1 capital.  
The leverage ratio is a new non-risk-adjusted solvency requirement introduced in Basel III. It is 
described as a backstop to the risk-based capital measures. It is intended to limit the leverage effects 
in the balance sheet of volumes that are overly large in relation to the Group’s own capital and to 
provide an extra layer of protection against model risk and measurement error. Under CRR, banks 
have been required to calculate and report their leverage ratio to regulators since January 1, 2014 and 
to disclose extensive information about the ratio publicly since January 1, 2015.  
The Basel III guidelines also include liquidity standards which comprise a Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(“LCR”) and a Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”). The LCR requires banks to hold a reserve of liquid 
assets sufficient to withstand a 30-day period of liquidity stress. The NSFR rules set minimum 
requirements for matching the maturities of a bank’s funding to the maturity of its assets.  
The CRR contains provisions regarding the components of LCR and is complemented with Delegated 
Regulation 2015/61. As of January 2018, the European regulatory minimum requirement for the LCR 
on an aggregated level is set to 100 per cent. Per previously communicated Pillar 2 requirements, the 
SFSA also requires banks to comply with LCR in EUR and USD at least at 100 per cent. As of October 
1, 2019, the SFSA introduced a minimum requirement in LCR SEK of 75 per cent., as well as limited 
the allowed amount of covered bonds issued by Swedish issuers as a share of the total liquid assets 
to 50 per cent., aimed at limiting potential concentration risks. Swedbank calculates and monitors the 
LCR on a daily basis. The CRR also contains provisions on the NSFR, which became a binding 
requirement as of June 28, 2021. Swedbank regularly calculates, monitors, manages and publishes 
the NSFR and is well prepared for the implementation.  
Under the SFSA regulation on Management of Liquidity Risk in Credit Institutions and Securities 
Companies, credit institutions and securities companies must have proper procedures for identifying, 
measuring and controlling liquidity risk and must also keep a liquidity reserve adapted to the size and 
the needs of the company.  
European legislation also focuses on liquidity and funding risks in addition to the introduction of the 
LCR and the NSFR. There are separate reporting requirements on asset encumbrance, funding plans 
and additional liquidity monitoring metrics to further strengthen the information provided to supervisors.

--- Page 234 ---
222 
 
 
Furthermore, the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process is submitted to regulators as an 
additional report on systemic and institution specific risks related to liquidity and funding. 
Amendments to regulations 
On June 27, 2019, a series of measures referred to as the Banking Reform Package came into force, 
subject to various transitional and staged timetables. The adoption of the Banking Reform Package 
concludes a process that began in November 2016 and is a step toward the completion of the 
European post-crisis regulatory reforms, drawing on a number of international standards. 
The Banking Reform Package updates the framework of harmonized rules established after the 
financial crisis and introduces changes to CRR, CRD IV, the BRRD 2014/59/EU and the Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (“SRMR”). 
The new amendments cover multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, a binding leverage ratio 
minimum requirement of 3 per cent., restrictions to the maximum distributable amount (“MDA”) if the 
minimum requirement is breached, a binding net stable funding ratio requirement, mandatory 
restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macro prudential 
tools, the Basel Committee’s new standardised approach for measuring counterparty credit risk 
exposures, the Basel Committee’s Fundamental Review of the Trading Book, the framework for MREL 
and the integration of the total absorbing capacity standard into EU legislation. The new amendments 
were implemented by Swedish national legislation in 2020 and 2021. 
In November 2020, the SFSA decided to change the capital requirements as a result of the 
amendments to the CRD IV. The O-SII buffer was previously a 2.0 per cent. parallel requirement with 
the systemic risk buffer. As of December 29, 2020, the O-SII buffer was reduced to 1.0 per cent and 
added on top of the systemic risk buffer. At the same time, the systemic risk charge of 2.0 per cent. in 
Pillar 2 was removed. 
The SFSA now takes formal decisions under the Pillar 2 requirement, which means that the MDA is 
triggered should an institution breach its Pillar 2 requirements. Furthermore, the SFSA provides 
guidance as to how much capital institutions should hold in addition to their Pillar 2 requirement to 
mitigate future financial stress.  
A leverage ratio requirement of 3.0 per cent. of the leverage exposure measure has been a binding 
capital requirement since June 28, 2021. In addition, the SFSA decides on leverage ratio guidance in 
accordance with the Pillar 2 framework to be met on top of the leverage ratio requirement. The 
leverage ratio requirement is a parallel requirement to the risk-based capital requirement.  
Requirements and guidance in accordance with the new Pillar 2 for Swedbank are determined through 
the annual SREP.  
In December 2017, the Basel Committee presented the finalised Basel III regulations, usually called 
Basel IV. The regulations contain a number of policy and supervisory actions to strengthen the 
reliability and comparability of risk-weighted capital ratios and reduce unjustified differences in capital 
requirements between banks and countries. The actions include revisions to the standardised 
approaches used to estimate banks’ capital requirements for credit risk. A floor was introduced for 
banks that use internal models to calculate risk-weighted assets. The floor means that risk-weighted 
assets may not fall below 72.5 per cent. of the amount calculated using the standardised approach. 
The proposed changes would be introduced gradually starting in 2023 and be fully implemented by 
2028.

--- Page 235 ---
223 
 
 
According to a recent European Council proposal to implement the finalised Basel III regulations in 
the EU, the output floor should be phased in starting in 2025 and until 2030. The proposal also contains 
exemptions beyond what was proposed by the Basel Committee. The exemptions are proposed to 
apply until 2032. 
15.1.4 MREL 
To ensure that banks always have sufficient loss absorbing capacity, the Swedish Resolution Act, 
which implemented BRRD, provides for the Swedish resolution authority, the SNDO, to decide on an 
MREL requirement for each institution, based on, amongst other criteria, its size, risk and business 
model. 
The SNDO has determined that the MREL requirement for systemically important banks in Sweden, 
such as Swedbank, will be the sum of a loss absorption amount plus a recapitalisation amount. The 
MREL requirement can be met with own funds instruments (CET1, AT1 and Tier 2) and eligible 
liabilities. 
Moreover, the SNDO has introduced a subordination requirement that part of the MREL requirement 
must be fulfilled by own funds and subordinated to senior liabilities, whether contractually, by statute 
or structurally. This subordination requirement will require the issue of new subordinated liabilities that 
meet the requirements, and which may carry higher financing costs than the liabilities which they 
replace. The SNDO has stated that it will monitor a bank’s issue volumes in the phase in period to 
ensure a reasonable pace of the adaption to the subordination requirement. 
On July 1, 2021, the amended Resolution Act took effect. The amendments are based on the BRRD 
II, which among other things contains provisions on MREL. Due to the amended law, the SNDO 
decided on a new policy on how to implement the MREL on January 1, 2022. The MREL entered into 
force on January 1, 2022 and will be completed by January 1, 2024. Part of the requirement will be 
met with own funds and subordinated eligible liabilities while the rest will be met with eligible liabilities. 
Under the new framework, a breach of the minimum requirement for eligible liabilities can result in 
restrictions on the maximum distributable amount (commonly referred to as the M-MDA). The minimum 
requirement applicable to Swedbank from January 1, 2022 is 13.5 per cent. of REA and 5.0 per cent. 
of LRE. The fully phased in minimum requirement applicable to Swedbank from January 1, 2024 is 
28.0 per cent. of REA and 6.0 per cent. of LRE, according to the decision from the SNDO in December 
2022. The fully phased in subordination requirement applicable to Swedbank from January 1, 2024 is 
20.5 per cent. of REA and 6.0 per cent. of LRE. 
15.1.5 Covered bond issuance 
Banks and credit market companies may be licensed to issue covered bonds under the Swedish 
Covered Bond Issuance Act (Sw: Lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer), which 
sets out the requirements for issuance of covered bonds in terms of permitted assets in the cover pool, 
valuation of real property and matching between assets and liabilities. Swedish law grants a priority 
right for the covered bond holders and derivatives counterparties over the assets in the pool. 
15.1.6 Foreign exchange and credit control 
The Swedish Act on Foreign Exchange and Credit Controls (Sw: Lagen (1992:1602) om valuta- och 
kreditreglering) empowers the Swedish government, following consultation with the Swedish Central 
Bank, to implement foreign exchange controls if Sweden is at war, or if there are exceptional conditions 
prevailing on account of war, risk of war, serious accident or exceptionally heavy short-term capital 
movements. If foreign exchange controls have been introduced, the Swedish government is also 
entitled to implement credit controls upon request by the Swedish Central Bank. Any resolution

--- Page 236 ---
224 
 
 
implementing such controls is required to be submitted to the Swedish Parliament for approval within 
one month from the resolution. Should this not be done within the stipulated time, the resolution ceases 
to be valid. 
15.1.7 Payment services 
The Swedish Payment Services Act (Sw: Lagen (2010:751) om betaltjänster) regulates the provision 
of payment services to the public and contains, inter alia, rules on information to customers and time 
limits for payment transactions and from January 1, 2021, rules on providing certain cash services.  
15.1.8 Deposit guarantees and other consumer protection 
In order to protect depositors, Sweden has a deposit guarantee scheme regulated by the Swedish Act 
on Deposit Guarantees (Sw: Lagen (1995:1571) om insättningsgaranti). The guaranteed amount per 
saver per institution is SEK 1,050,000 (or EUR 100,000, or the local currency equivalent thereof, for 
deposits with branches of Swedish institutions located within the EEA). Under the state-provided 
guarantee, the Swedish government will compensate customers for money that they have deposited 
with Swedish banks and certain other institutions if the institution fails. The scheme is managed by the 
SNDO (Sw: Riksgälden). The Noteholders’ claims under the Notes will not benefit from the deposit 
guarantee scheme. 
Loans and other credit granted to individuals and intended for consumer purposes, including home 
loans, are covered by the Swedish Consumer Credit Act (Sw: Konsumentkreditlagen (2010:1846)). 
Some of the more important features of the act are restrictions on a lender’s right to raise interest rates 
and fees on an existing credit, restrictions on a lender’s right to terminate the loan early, and a right 
for the consumer to prepay the loan. 
Financial advice to consumers is governed by the Swedish Act on Financial Advice to Consumers 
(Sw: Lagen (2003:862) om finansiell rådgivning till konsumenter), which sets out certain requirements 
regarding competence of advisers and documentation of given advice as well as liability in case of 
careless advice. 
Furthermore, the GDPR, which entered into force in May 2018, imposes new obligations directly on 
the Group as primarily a data controller and in some cases a data processor, as well as on many of 
the Group’s customers. 
15.1.9 Money laundering and financing of terrorism 
All banks and credit market institutions based in Sweden are subject to Swedish legislation designed 
to prevent money laundering and financing of terrorism. The Swedish Act on Measures against Money 
Laundering and Financing of Terrorism (Sw: Lagen (2017:630) om åtgärder mot penningtvätt och 
finansiering av terrorism) prohibits banks and credit institutions from engaging in money laundering 
activities or financing terrorism and requires those institutions to report transactions suspected of 
violating this law to the Swedish Police Authority and Swedish Security Service. 
15.1.10 Securities trading 
Securities trading is regulated by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw: Lagen (2007:528) om 
värdepappersmarknaden). In addition to stipulating requirements for obtaining a licence to conduct 
securities business, the act contains rules for investor protection and rules governing the operations 
of the securities company as well as rules on transaction reporting and trading platforms. Certain of 
the regulations mentioned under the headline “The Banking and financing business” above are 
applicable to securities companies as well.

--- Page 237 ---
225 
 
 
EMIR entered into force in all EU member states, including Sweden, on August 16, 2012. EMIR aims 
to increase stability and transparency in European OTC derivatives markets and includes measures 
to require the clearing of certain OTC derivatives contracts through central clearing counterparties, 
reporting of derivatives and risk mitigation techniques (including margin requirements) for uncleared 
OTC derivative contracts. A number of EMIR implementing measures have already been adopted but 
there may be further changes introduced by way of further implementing measures (such as a 
requirement to clear further classes of OTC derivative contracts). EMIR itself was amended in 2019 
with what is widely referred to as the EMIR Refit Regulation and is scheduled to be further updated.  
15.1.11 Asset management 
Fund management is governed by the Swedish Securities Funds Act (Sw: Lagen (2004:46) om 
värdepappersfonder) which contains basic requirements to obtain a fund management licence as well 
as extensive regulation regarding management of the assets of a fund. Certain of the regulations 
mentioned under the headline “The Banking and financing business” above are applicable to fund 
managers as well.  
15.1.12 Insurance 
Insurance business is governed by the Swedish Insurance Business Act (Sw: Försäkringsrörelselagen 
(2010:2043)), which sets out the rules under which a licence can be obtained to conduct insurance 
business. This act also contains corporate rules and regulations pertaining to the operations. 
Swedbank’s insurance business is also subject to capital requirements under the Solvency II Directive 
(2009/138/EC). 
15.1.13 Supervision 
The SFSA is the supervisory authority for financial and insurance institutions in Sweden. The SFSA 
issues regulations and supervises the operations of financial institutions with regard to, inter alia, 
capital adequacy and large exposures, liquidity, accounting, governance structures, risk control, 
consumer protection and procedures for the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing. 
The SFSA is empowered with a range of tools to facilitate its supervision, including the right to perform 
site visits and to interview the employees of an institution under its supervision. Should the SFSA 
conclude that the operations of an institution are not sound or that the institution is otherwise breaching 
laws or regulations, it may impose administrative sanctions on the institution, such as disciplinary 
reprimands, warnings, fines and ultimately revoking its licence to operate. 
The Swedish Central Bank, which is accountable to the Swedish Parliament, sets monetary policy, is 
responsible for the execution of Sweden’s foreign exchange rate policy, administers Sweden’s 
currency reserves and, under certain circumstances, is empowered and ready to act as lender of last 
resort to the banks. It also handles the clearing arrangements between the banks. 
15.1.14 Mortgage Regulation 
A New Consumer Credit Directive (CCD) 
The EU commission has adopted a legislative proposal as to  the current consumer credit directive in 
force (Consumer Credit Directive, 2008/48/EC). Revisions made aim at enhancing consumer 
protection and ensure responsible and transparent digital lending. Requirements of credit information 
being clearly presented to the consumer and adapted to digital devices. Other parts are enhanced 
requirements in terms of information on the total cost of the credit and a mandatory assessment of 
creditworthiness. The scope of the revised directive has been expanded to cover loans assessed to 
be of a higher consumer risk such as smaller loan amounts, loan relating to  crowd lending platforms

--- Page 238 ---
226 
 
 
or buy now pay later loans. The Council of the EU and the European Parliament reached a provisional 
agreement in December 2022. Swedbank Mortgage monitors any regulatory developments in this part 
and is currently awaiting the outcome of the final EU approval as well as the formal steps of the 
adoption procedure.  
Review of the Mortgage Credit Directive (MCD) 
The Mortgage Credit Directive (Directive 2014/17/EU) is applicable to mortgage loans. The EU 
commission undertook a review of the MCD’s effectiveness four years after the transposition deadline. 
The outcome of the review showed a need to ensure that the MCD is fit for purpose, considering 
market developments and challenges tied to digitalisation and sustainable finance. Following the 
review, the European Commission launched a consultation round ending beginning of 2022. 
Consulting parties stressed the importance of mortgages not being mis-sold; the risks of  over 
indebtedness being properly addressed as well as the importance of  
any risks emerging from digitalisation being adequately addressed. In addition, did the European 
Banking Authority (EBA) issue a report in response to the EU Commission’s request for technical 
advice on issues related to the mortgage credit Directive (EBA/REP/2022/15). Swedbank Mortgage is 
currently awaiting the next step to be made on EU level following the EU Commission’s issuance of 
the factual summary report on the consultation round.  
SFSA general guidelines regarding credits in consumer relationships (FFFS 2021:29) 
The updated guidelines form its basis in the EBA guidelines on loan origination and monitoring 
(EBA/GL/2020/06). The SFSA regulatory changes entered into force November 1, 2021, whereupon 
the general guidelines on consumer credits from 2014 were replaced. The 2021 guidelines cover good 
lending practices and consumer credit assessments. The document stresses parts such as gathering 
of information in terms of a credit assessment, how data should be gathered and  reviewed as well as 
considered when assessing the consumers actual payment capacity. Swedbank Mortgage has 
conducted work in terms of strengthening its credit process to ensure regulatory compliance with 
enhanced requirements set out in the updated guidelines.  
15.1.15 The Resolution Act and the Act on Preventative Government Support to Credit Institutions 
On July 2, 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms entered into force, the BRRD. 
The BRRD is intended to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy 
and financial system. On February 1, 2016, the BRRD was implemented in Sweden by the entry into 
force of the Resolution Act (Sw. lagen (2015:1016) om resolution). 
A credit institution can be placed into resolution by the SNDO (the “resolution authority”) if (a) the 
SFSA has determined that the institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there are no alternative measures 
which would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution 
action is necessary in the public interest. The Resolution Act contains four resolution tools and powers 
which may be used alone or in combination. The resolution tools are: (i) sale of business, which 
enables the resolution authority to direct the sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business 
on commercial terms; (ii) in order to enable continuation of critical businesses, transfer all or part of 
the assets or liabilities of the institution to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that 
is wholly or partially publicly owned); (iii) asset separation, which enables the resolution authority to 
transfer assets, rights or liabilities to one or more asset management vehicles, wholly or partially 
publicly owned, to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual

--- Page 239 ---
227 
 
 
sale or orderly wind-down (this tool may only be used together with another resolution tool); and (iv) 
bail-in, which gives the resolution authority the power to write down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors (including the Notes) of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims, 
including the Notes, in to equity (the “general bail-in tool”), which equity could also be subject to any 
future cancellation, transfer or dilution. In addition, the resolution authority has, amongst others, the 
power to: (i) stop payments from the institution under resolution; (ii) take action to prevent creditors 
and other counterparties of the institution from terminating contracts early or executing set-off or 
netting arrangements; and (iii) to vary the maturity, the interest rate and the interest payment date of 
the relevant unsecured debt claims (including the Notes). 
An institution is considered as failing or likely to fail when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its obligations to the extent that its authorisation should be withdrawn; the value of its assets 
are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires public financial support (with some exceptions 
listed in the Resolution Act). 
In addition to the resolution tools (such as the general bail-in tool), the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity tier 1 capital 
instruments and tier 2 capital instruments at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution 
action is taken (“non-viability loss absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of such capital 
instruments upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any future cancellation, 
transfer or dilution. This power has been extended to include external eligible liabilities (such as the 
Notes) if used in combination with a resolution power since BRRD II was implemented.  
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-
viability under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant 
entity meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the 
relevant authority or authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group 
will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or (iii) 
extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity or its group other than, where 
the relevant entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy 
of a Member State of the EEA and to preserve financial stability. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and utilised the 
above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able 
to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These 
consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary 
financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
For a discussion on how the Resolution Act may affect the Group and the Notes, see “Risk Factors—
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Financial Situation—Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries 
may need additional capital and/or eligible liabilities in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios 
or for other reasons, and it may be difficult to obtain such capital and/or eligible liabilities”, “–Risks 
Relating to Macroeconomic and Political Events—The Group’s business is subject to substantial 
regulation and supervision and can be adversely affected by adverse regulatory, taxation and 
governmental developments” and “Risk Factors—General Risks Relating to the Notes—The Notes 
may be subject to write-down or conversion into ordinary shares of Swedbank”. 
Also on February 1, 2016, the Act on Preventative Government Support to Credit Institutions (Sw. 
lagen (2015:1017) om förebyggande statligt stöd till kreditinstitut) entered into force. This act enables 
the authorities to give government support to credit institutions at an earlier stage than a point in time 
when the Resolution Act would apply. In addition, this act stipulates the setting up of a stability fund

--- Page 240 ---
228 
 
 
for the purpose of financing preventive action under the act as well as actions taken under the 
Resolution Act. 
15.2 
Banking Regulation and Supervision in the United States 
In the United States, passage of the Dodd Frank Act has led to significant regulatory reforms affecting 
the financial services industry, including non-U.S. banks. Among other things, the Dodd Frank Act 
addresses systemic risk oversight, bank capital standards, the orderly liquidation of failing systemically 
important financial institutions, OTC derivatives, increases oversight of credit rating agencies and 
regulates the ability of banking entities to engage as principal in proprietary trading activities and 
sponsor and invest in certain private funds (the “Volcker Rule”). The Dodd Frank Act and other post-
financial crisis regulatory reforms in the United States have increased costs, imposed limitations on 
activities, and resulted in an increased intensity in regulatory enforcement. 
In particular, in December 2013, the U.S. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the 
“U.S. Federal Reserve”) and four other U.S. federal regulatory agencies issued final regulations 
implementing the Volcker Rule, which restricts banking entities (including Swedbank and all of its 
global affiliates) from engaging, as principal, in proprietary trading and from sponsoring or holding 
ownership interests in or having certain relationships with hedge, private equity or other similar funds 
(“covered funds”), subject to certain exceptions and exclusions. Swedbank has brought its activities 
and investments into compliance and has implemented a specific compliance programme. Further 
implementation efforts may be necessary based on subsequent regulatory interpretations, guidelines 
or examinations. On August 20, 2019, the relevant U.S. federal agencies finalised a rulemaking that 
amended, in part, certain of the proprietary trading provisions under the Volcker Rule. In addition, on 
January 30, 2020, the relevant U.S. federal agencies released a notice of proposed rulemaking to 
amend certain parts of the Volcker Rule’s covered fund-related restrictions. The proposed changes 
were intended to improve and streamline certain aspects of the covered funds portion of the Volcker 
Rule. The rule was finalised in June 2020.  
Additionally, on October 21 and 22, 2014, the SEC, the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, 
the U.S. Federal Reserve and certain other U.S. prudential banking regulators approved a final rule 
that mandates risk retention for securitisations. The final rule requires (with limited exceptions) that 
the sponsor maintain, unhedged, a minimum of 5 per cent. of the credit risk of the securitised assets 
and became effective with respect to mortgage-backed securitisations on December 24, 2015 and 
with respect to other securitisations on December 24, 2016.  
While most of the regulations required under the Dodd Frank Act have been adopted, certain of these 
regulations are not yet effective and have not yet been finalised. There is uncertainty regarding the 
nature, scope and timing of additional regulations that are required under the Dodd Frank Act but 
which have yet to be promulgated, and in 2018 the U.S. passed legislation which scaled back the 
scope of the Dodd Frank Act. As a result, the full effect on Swedbank or its affiliates will not be known 
until all of the implementing regulations have been adopted. 
In addition, Title VII, as well as other post financial crisis regulatory reforms in the U.S., have increased 
costs, imposed limitations on activities and resulted in an increased intensity in regulatory 
enforcement. Title VII established a comprehensive U.S. regulatory regime for derivatives, contracts, 
including swaps, security-based swaps and mixed swaps (“Covered Swaps”). Among other things Title 
VII provides the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the SEC with jurisdiction and regulatory 
authority over Covered Swaps, requires the establishment of a comprehensive registration and 
regulatory framework applicable to Covered Swaps counterparties, such as swap dealers, major swap 
participants, security based swap dealers and/or major security based swap participants, requires the 
reporting of Covered Swaps data, requires certain swaps and will require certain security based swaps 
to be exchange traded or executed on a swap execution facility or security based swap execution

--- Page 241 ---
229 
 
 
facility, as applicable, and centrally cleared, and imposes capital requirements and margin 
requirements for uncleared Covered Swap transactions. 
Many of the key regulations implementing Title VII have recently become effective or are in final form, 
although some continue to be in a proposed form not yet finalised by the appropriate regulator. 
However, the interpretation and potential impact of these regulations is not yet entirely clear, and 
certain other key regulations, particularly with respect to security-based swaps, are yet to be finalised 
or made effective. Due to this uncertainty, a complete assessment of the exact effects of Title VII 
cannot be made at this time.

--- Page 242 ---
230 
 
 
16. 
Taxation 
16.1 
United States Taxation 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below) (other than “FATCA 
Withholding” and “Fungible Issue” which apply to all holders). This summary does not address the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences of every type of Note which may be issued under the 
Programme, such as Notes with a term of more than 30 years or with certain contingent payment 
features or with payments denominated or determined by reference to more than one currency, and 
additional or modified disclosure concerning certain U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant 
to such type of Note may be provided, as appropriate. This summary deals only with initial purchasers 
of Notes that acquire the Notes in an offering at their initial offering price, that are U.S. Holders and 
that will hold the Notes as capital assets. The discussion does not cover all aspects of U.S. federal 
income taxation that may be relevant to, or the actual tax effect that any of the matters described 
herein will have on, the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes by particular investors, and does 
not address U.S. state, local, non-U.S. or other tax laws (including estate or gift tax, the alternative 
minimum tax or Medicare tax on net investment income). This summary also does not discuss all of 
the tax considerations that may be relevant to certain types of investors subject to special treatment 
under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as financial institutions, insurance companies, individual 
retirement accounts and other tax-deferred accounts, tax-exempt organisations, dealers in securities 
or currencies, investors that will hold the Notes as part of straddles, hedging transactions or conversion 
transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes, persons subject to special tax accounting rules as 
a result of any item of gross income with respect to the Notes being taken into account in an applicable 
financial statement, persons that have ceased to be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents of the 
United States, investors holding the Notes in connection with a trade or business conducted outside 
of the United States, U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents living abroad or investors whose 
functional currency is not the U.S. dollar). 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Notes that is, for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created 
or organised under the laws of the United States or any state thereof including the District of Columbia, 
(iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source or 
(iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust, or the trust has validly elected to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. 
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes that holds Notes will depend on the status of the partner and the 
activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are entities or arrangements treated as 
partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes should consult their tax adviser concerning the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to them and their partners of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes by the partnership. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the United States including the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (“Code”), its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations thereunder, 
published rulings and court decisions, all as of the date hereof and all subject to change at any time, 
possibly with retroactive effect. No rulings have been requested from the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service (the “IRS”) and there can be no guarantee that the IRS would not challenge, possibly 
successfully, the treatment described below.

--- Page 243 ---
231 
 
 
Bearer Notes are not being offered to U.S. Holders. A U.S. Holder who owns a Bearer Note may be 
subject to limitations under United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 
165(j) and 1287(a) of the Code. This discussion does not address the consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Bearer Notes.  
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. ALL PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD CONSULT 
THEIR TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF 
ACQUIRING, OWNING AND DISPOSING THE NOTES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND 
EFFECT OF U.S. STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES 
IN TAX LAW. 
16.1.1 Payments of Interest 
16.1.1.1 
General 
Interest on a Note, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a single currency other than the U.S. dollar (a 
“foreign currency”), other than interest on a “Discount Note” that is not “qualified stated interest” (each 
as defined below under “Original Issue Discount—General”) and subject to any reduction on account 
of amortisable bond premium (as discussed below under "Notes Purchased at a Premium", will be 
taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, depending on such 
holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Interest paid by the Issuer on the 
Notes and original issue discount (“OID”), if any, accrued with respect to the Notes (as described 
below under “Original Issue Discount”) generally will constitute income from sources outside the United 
States. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers concerning the applicability of the 
foreign tax credit and source of income rules to income attributable to the Notes. 
16.1.1.2 
Pre-Issuance Accrued Interest 
If a portion of the price paid for a Note is attributable to an amount of interest accrued prior to the date 
the Note is issued (the “pre-issuance accrued interest”), the Issuer intends to treat a portion of the first 
interest payment on the Notes equal to the amount of the pre-issuance accrued interest as a 
nontaxable return of the pre-issuance accrued interest. This discussion assumes that the first interest 
payment on Notes with pre-issuance accrued interest will be so treated, and references to interest in 
the remainder of this discussion exclude pre-issuance accrued interest. This discussion assumes that 
in determining the issue price of a Note, there will be excluded an amount equal to the pre-issuance 
accrued interest. Pre-issuance accrued interest not included in income should not form part of any 
amortisable bond premium (as described below under “Notes Purchased at a Premium”). A U.S. 
Holder’s tax basis in a Note will be reduced by any nontaxable return of pre-issuance accrued interest. 
This discussion does not otherwise address the treatment of pre-issuance accrued interest, and U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax treatment of pre-
issuance accrued interest.  
16.1.2 Original Issue Discount 
16.1.2.1 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of Notes 
issued with OID. The following summary does not discuss Notes that are characterised as contingent 
payment debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
A Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a “Short-Term Note”), will be treated as 
issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price at maturity”

--- Page 244 ---
232 
 
 
over its issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent of the Note’s stated 
redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). An obligation 
that provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an 
“instalment obligation”) will be treated as a Discount Note if the excess of the Note’s stated redemption 
price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent of the Note’s stated 
redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Note. A Note’s 
weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined for each payment on a 
Note (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years from the 
issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount 
of the payment and the denominator of which is the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. 
Generally, the issue price of a Note will be the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes 
included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers, 
or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or 
wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments provided by 
the Note that are not payments of “qualified stated interest”. A qualified stated interest payment 
generally is any one of a series of stated interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable 
at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some 
periods), or a variable rate (in the circumstances described below under “Variable Interest Rate 
Notes”), applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Note. Solely for the purposes of determining 
whether a Note has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the effect of 
decreasing the yield on the Note, and the U.S.Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option that 
has the effect of increasing the yield on the Note. If it was deemed that any call or put option would be 
exercised but it is not in fact exercised, the Note would be treated solely for purposes of calculating 
OID as if it were redeemed, and a new Note were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount 
equal to the Note’s adjusted issue price on that date and retaining the same maturity date. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method 
before the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income 
increasingly greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible 
in income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to 
the Discount Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. 
Holder holds the Discount Note. The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any 
“accrual period” a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with 
respect to a Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the 
term of the Note as long as (i) no accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled 
payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. 
The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount 
Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Note’s yield to 
maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly 
adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated 
interest on the Note allocable to the accrual period. The “adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at 
the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the Note increased by (x) the amount of 
accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments 
previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
16.1.2.2 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all 
amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, 
but in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being “acquisition premium”) and that does 
not make the election described below under “Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount”, 
is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the excess of 
the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note immediately after its purchase over the Note’s adjusted

--- Page 245 ---
233 
 
 
issue price and the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Note 
after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Note’s adjusted 
issue price.  
16.1.2.3 
Short-Term Notes 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to accrue 
OID (as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes unless it elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the 
interest is received). Accrual basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue 
OID on Short-Term Notes on a straight-line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant-
yield method (based on daily compounding). In the case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing 
to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on the sale or retirement of the Short-Term Note 
will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line basis (unless an election is 
made to accrue the OID under the constant-yield method) through the date of sale or retirement. U.S. 
Holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes will be required to 
defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Notes in an amount not exceeding 
the deferred income until the deferred income is realised.  
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a 
Short-Term Note are included in the Short-Term Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. 
Holder may elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had been originally 
issued to the U.S. Holder at the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Short-Term Note. This election 
will apply to all obligations with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after 
the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies, and may not be revoked without the 
consent of the IRS. 
16.1.2.4 
Market Discount 
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note, generally will be treated as purchased at a market discount (a 
“Market Discount Note”) if the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a Discount 
Note, the Note’s “revised issue price”, exceeds the amount for which the U.S. Holder purchased the 
Note by at least 0.25 per cent of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or revised issue price, 
respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the Note’s maturity (or, in the case of a 
Note that is an instalment obligation, the Note’s weighted average maturity). If this excess is not 
sufficient to cause the Note to be a Market Discount Note, then the excess constitutes “de minimis 
market discount”. For this purpose, the “revised issue price” of a Note generally equals its issue price, 
increased by the amount of any OID that has accrued on the Note and decreased by the amount of 
any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments.  
Additionally, for this purpose the “stated redemption price at maturity” (as defined above) is decreased 
by the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest. 
Any gain recognised on the sale or retirement of a Market Discount Note (including any payment on a 
Note that is not qualified stated interest) generally will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of 
the accrued market discount on the Note. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note may 
avoid such treatment by electing to include market discount in income currently over the life of the 
Note. This election applies to all debt instruments with market discount acquired by the electing U.S. 
Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies. This election may 
not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note that does not elect to include market discount in income 
currently may be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or carry 
a Market Discount Note. Such interest is deductible when paid or incurred to the extent of interest

--- Page 246 ---
234 
 
 
(including OID) from the Note for the year. If the interest expense exceeds such income, such excess 
is currently deductible only to the extent that such excess exceeds the portion of the market discount 
allocable to the days during the taxable year on which such Note was held by the U.S. Holder. 
Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the market 
discount on a constant-yield method. This election applies only to the Market Discount Note with 
respect to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
16.1.2.5 
Variable Interest Rate Notes 
Notes that provide for interest at variable rates (“Variable Interest Rate Notes”) generally will bear 
interest at a “qualified floating rate” and thus will be treated as “variable rate debt instruments” under 
United States Treasury regulations governing accrual of OID. A Variable Interest Rate Note will qualify 
as a “variable rate debt instrument” if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total noncontingent 
principal payments due under the Variable Interest Rate Note by more than a specified de minimis 
amount, (b) it provides for stated interest, paid or compounded at least annually, at (i) one or more 
qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating rates, (iii) a single 
objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse floating 
rate, and (c) it does not provide for any principal payments that are contingent (other than as described 
in (a) above). 
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably 
be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the 
currency in which the Variable Interest Rate Note is denominated. A fixed multiple of a qualified floating 
rate will constitute a qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not more than 
1.35. A variable rate equal to the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple that is greater 
than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also constitute a qualified 
floating rate. In addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have 
approximately the same values throughout the term of the Variable Interest Rate Note (e.g., two or 
more qualified floating rates with values within 25 basis points of each other as determined on the 
Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date) will be treated as a single qualified floating rate. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate that would otherwise constitute a qualified floating rate 
but which is subject to one or more restrictions such as a maximum numerical limitation (i.e., a cap) 
or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e., a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail to be treated as 
a qualified floating rate. 
Under recently finalised U.S. Treasury regulations, Notes referencing an IBOR that are treated as 
having a qualified floating rate for purposes of the above will not fail to be so treated merely because 
the terms of the Notes provide for a replacement of the IBOR in the case of a Benchmark Event. In 
particular, under the regulations, the IBOR referencing rate and the replacement rate are treated as a 
single qualified rate. 
An “objective rate” is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a 
single fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g., one or 
more qualified floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate will not qualify as 
an objective rate if it is based on information that is within the control of the Issuer (or a related party) 
or that is unique to the circumstances of the Issuer (or a related party), such as dividends, profits or 
the value of the Issuer’s stock (although a rate does not fail to be an objective rate merely because it 
is based on the credit quality of the Issuer). Other variable interest rates may be treated as objective 
rates if so designated by the IRS in the future. Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of interest on a 
Variable Interest Rate Note will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the 
average value of the rate during the first half of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term will be either 
significantly less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate during the final half of

--- Page 247 ---
235 
 
 
the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term. A “qualified inverse floating rate” is any objective rate where 
the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, as long as variations in the rate can 
reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the qualified floating rate. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note provides for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one 
year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate for a 
subsequent period and if the variable rate on the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date is intended 
to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from 
the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and the variable rate 
together will constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must 
be set at a “current value” of that rate. A “current value” of a rate is the value of the rate on any day 
that is no earlier than 3 months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than 1 
year following that first day. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate 
or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument”, 
then any stated interest on the Note which is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than 
debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified stated interest and will be 
taxed accordingly. Thus, a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a 
single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof and that qualifies as 
a “variable rate debt instrument” generally will not be treated as having been issued with OID unless 
the Variable Interest Rate Note is issued at a “true” discount (i.e., at a price below the Note’s stated 
principal amount) equal to or in excess of a specified de minimis amount. OID on a Variable Interest 
Rate Note arising from “true” discount is allocated to an accrual period using the constant yield method 
described above by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) in the case of a qualified 
floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified floating 
rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective rate (other than a qualified 
inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Variable 
Interest Rate Note. 
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” will 
be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the amount 
and accrual of OID and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Note. Such a Variable 
Interest Rate Note must be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by substituting 
any qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the Variable 
Interest Rate Note with a fixed rate equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse 
floating rate, as the case may be, as of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date. Any objective rate 
(other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate 
Note is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Variable 
Interest Rate Note. In the case of a Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt 
instrument” and provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or more qualified 
floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially converted into a qualified 
floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Variable Interest Rate Note provides for a 
qualified inverse floating rate). Under these circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified 
inverse floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the Variable 
Interest Rate Note as of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date is approximately the same as the 
fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for either the qualified floating 
rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed rate. Subsequent to converting the fixed rate 
into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Variable Interest Rate Note 
is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in the manner described above.

--- Page 248 ---
236 
 
 
Once the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument 
pursuant to the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined 
for the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the “equivalent” 
fixed rate debt instrument and a U.S. Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Note will account for the OID 
and qualified stated interest as if the U.S. Holder held the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument. In 
each accrual period, appropriate adjustments will be made to the amount of qualified stated interest 
or OID assumed to have been accrued or paid with respect to the “equivalent” fixed rate debt 
instrument in the event that these amounts differ from the actual amount of interest accrued or paid 
on the Variable Interest Rate Note during the accrual period.  
If a Variable Interest Rate Note, such as a Note the payments on which are determined by reference 
to an index, does not qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then the Variable Interest Rate Note 
will be treated as a contingent payment debt obligation. Additional or modified disclosure concerning 
proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of Variable Interest Rate Notes that are treated as contingent 
payment debt obligations may be provided, as applicable. 
16.1.3 Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a Discount 
Note, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as “amortisable bond 
premium”, in which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder’s income each year 
with respect to interest on the Note will be reduced by the amount of amortisable bond premium 
allocable (based on the Note’s yield to maturity) to that year. Special rules may limit the amortisation 
of bond premium with respect to Notes subject to early redemption. Any election to amortise bond 
premium will apply to all bonds (other than bonds the interest on which is excludable from gross income 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year 
to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable without the 
consent of the IRS. See also “Original Issue Discount—Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue 
Discount”. 
16.1.4 Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the 
constant-yield method described above under “Original Issue Discount — General,” with certain 
modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, 
market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable 
bond premium (described above under “Notes Purchased at a Premium”) or acquisition premium. This 
election generally will apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked 
without the consent of the IRS. If the election to apply the constant-yield method to all interest on a 
Note is made with respect to a Market Discount Note, the electing U.S. Holder will be treated as having 
made the election discussed above under “Original Issue Discount—Market Discount” to include 
market discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments having market discount that 
are acquired on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies. U.S. Holders 
should consult their tax advisers concerning the propriety and consequences of this election. 
16.1.5 Sale or Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the 
difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax 
basis of the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will be its cost, increased by 
the amount of any OID or market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the 
Note and the amount, if any, of income attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount 
included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note, and reduced by (i) the amount of any

--- Page 249 ---
237 
 
 
payments that are not qualified stated interest payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond 
premium applied to reduce interest on the Note. The amount realised does not include the amount 
attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable as interest income to the extent not 
previously included in income. Except to the extent described above under “Original Issue Discount 
— Market Discount” or “Original Issue Discount — Short Term Notes” or attributable to changes in 
exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss recognised on the sale or retirement of a Note will 
be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period in 
the Notes exceeds one year.  
Capital gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. 
source.  
16.1.6 Foreign Currency Notes 
16.1.6.1 
Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the amount 
of income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, 
based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in 
fact converted into U.S. dollars.  
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an 
interest payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance 
with either of two methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on 
the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual 
period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year).  
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on 
the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an 
accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of 
the period within the taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five 
business days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead 
translate the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual 
receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of 
the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will 
be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.  
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest 
upon the sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, the accrual basis U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as 
ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. 
dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of 
whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
16.1.6.2 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, 
a foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in 
the same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above. 
Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Note or 
a sale or disposition of the Note), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss 
(taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated

--- Page 250 ---
238 
 
 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless 
of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
16.1.6.3 
Market Discount  
Market discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, 
will be accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income 
currently, the accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange 
rate for the accrual period (or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year). Upon the receipt 
of an amount attributable to accrued market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source 
exchange gain or loss (which will be taxable as ordinary income or loss) determined in the same 
manner as for accrued interest or OID. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to include market discount in 
income currently will recognise, upon the sale or retirement of the Note, the U.S. dollar value of the 
amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate on that date, and no part of this accrued market discount 
will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
16.1.6.4 
Bond Premium  
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond 
premium that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income (or OID) in units of the foreign 
currency. On the date bond premium offsets interest income (or OID), a U.S. Holder may recognise 
U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the amount offset 
multiplied by the difference between the spot rate in effect on the date of the offset, and the spot rate 
in effect on the date the Notes were acquired by the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to 
take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into account currently will recognise a market 
loss when the Note matures. 
16.1.6.5 
Sale or Retirement  
As discussed above under “Sale or Retirement of Notes,” a U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain 
or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference between the amount realised on the 
sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Note, in each case as determined in U.S. dollars. U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers about how to account for proceeds on the sale or retirement 
of a Note that are not paid in U.S. dollars. 
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) 
on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar values of 
the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Note (as adjusted for amortised bond premium, if any) (i) on 
the date of sale or retirement and (ii) the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Any such 
exchange rate gain or loss will be realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the sale 
or retirement (including any exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid 
interest or OID). 
16.1.6.6 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a tax 
basis equal to its U.S. dollar value at the time the foreign currency is received. Foreign currency that 
is purchased generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency on 
the date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency 
(including its use to purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary 
income or loss.

--- Page 251 ---
239 
 
 
16.1.7 Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
In general, payments of principal and interest and accruals of OID on, and the proceeds of a sale or 
retirement of, the Notes, by a U.S. paying agent or other U.S. intermediary, will be reported to the IRS 
and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable regulations. Backup withholding will apply 
to these payments, including payments of accrued OID, if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an accurate 
taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status or otherwise fails to comply with 
applicable certification requirements. Certain U.S. Holders are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers about these rules and any other reporting obligations that 
may apply to the ownership or disposition of Notes, including requirements related to the holding of 
certain foreign financial assets. 
16.1.8 Reportable Transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a “reportable transaction” will be required to disclose its 
participation to the IRS. Under the relevant rules, if the Notes are denominated in a foreign currency, 
a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable 
transaction if this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the regulations (U.S.$50,000 in a single 
taxable year, if the U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for other non-individual U.S. 
Holders), and to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. A penalty in the amount of 
U.S.$10,000 in the case of a natural person and U.S.$50,000 in all other cases generally is imposed 
on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with respect to a transaction 
resulting in a loss that is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective purchasers are urged to 
consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these rules. 
16.1.9 Fungible Issue  
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of outstanding Notes, issue additional Notes with 
identical terms. These additional Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the 
same series as the original Notes, in some cases may be treated as a separate series for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. In such a case, among other things, the additional Notes may be considered to 
have been issued with OID even if the original Notes had no OID, or the additional Notes may have a 
greater amount of OID than the original Notes. These differences may affect the market value of the 
original Notes if the additional Notes are not otherwise distinguishable from the original Notes. 
16.2 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly 
known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (including an intermediary through which Notes are 
held) may be required to withhold at a rate of 30% on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The 
Issuer is registered with the IRS as a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (each an “IGA”), which modify the way in 
which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of these rules to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are not clear at this 
time. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to 
the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these 
proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Notes that have a fixed term

--- Page 252 ---
240 
 
 
and are not treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes issued on or prior to the date that 
is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed 
with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms 
and Conditions—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from these Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
16.3 
Swedish Taxation  
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences to holders of Notes who are not 
residents of Sweden for income tax purposes. Purchasers are urged to consult their professional 
advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding or transferring Notes. 
Under Swedish law as presently in effect, payments of any principal or any amount that is considered 
to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to the holder of any Note will not be subject to Swedish income 
tax, provided that such holder is neither (i) resident in Sweden for tax purposes nor (ii) engaged in 
trade or business in Sweden through a permanent establishment to which the Notes are effectively 
connected.  
Swedish law, as presently in effect, does not provide for deduction or withholding for or on account of 
taxes on payments of any principal or interest to the holder of any Notes, except on payment of interest, 
and any other yield on any Notes which is paid at the same time as interest, to a holder of Notes who 
is a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with tax residence in Sweden. 
16.4 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On February 14, 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission’s 
Proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating member states"). However, Estonia 
has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating member states. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating member states. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU member states may decide to participate.

--- Page 253 ---
241 
 
 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 254 ---
242 
 
 
17. 
ERISA Considerations  
The Notes are generally eligible for purchase by employee benefit plans subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), and/or the prohibited transaction rules of section 4975 
of the Code (collectively, “Plans”) and by governmental or church plans or non-U.S. employee benefit 
plans that are subject to federal, state or local laws of the United States or non-U.S. laws that are 
substantially similar to section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code (“Similar Law”), subject to 
consideration of the issues described in this section.  
Section 406 of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets 
of a Plan and any fiduciary, service provider or other person having certain relationships to such Plan 
(each is referred to as a party in interest or disqualified person), unless a statutory or administrative 
exemption applies to the transaction. A party in interest or disqualified person, including a Plan 
fiduciary, who engages in a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and 
other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. 
The Issuer, the Dealers or any other party to the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by any Final Terms may be parties in interest or disqualified persons with respect to 
many Plans from time to time. Prohibited transactions under ERISA or section 4975 of the Code may 
arise if any of the Notes are acquired or held by a Plan with respect to which the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Dealers or any other party to such transactions is a party in interest or a disqualified person. The 
Notes should not be acquired or held by any such Plan unless an exemption from such prohibited 
transaction rules applies, or by any governmental, church or non-U.S. plan subject to Similar Law 
unless the acquisition, holding and disposition of a Note (or any interest therein) will not result in any 
violation of Similar Law. 
Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code 
may apply, depending in part on the Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire any Notes and the 
circumstances under which such decision is made. Included among these exemptions are section 
408(b)(17) of ERISA and section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to a transaction in which a Plan 
pays no more and receives no less than adequate consideration and involving a party in interest solely 
by reason of services provided to the Plan and neither it nor any of its affiliates is acting as a fiduciary 
with respect to assets involved in the transaction), Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 
91-38 (relating to investments by bank collective investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to 
transactions effected by a qualified professional asset manager), PTCE 95-60 (relating to transactions 
involving insurance company general accounts), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance 
company pooled separate accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions determined by in-house 
asset managers). There are no assurances that any of these exemptions or any other exemption will 
be available with respect to any particular transaction involving any Notes. 
Governmental plans (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in section 
3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject to 
the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of section 406 
of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to Similar Law. Fiduciaries of 
any such plans should consult with their counsel before purchasing the Notes to determine the need 
for, if necessary, and the availability of, any exemptive relief under any Similar Law. 
The U.S. Department of Labor has promulgated a regulation, 29 C.F.R. section 2510.3-101, as 
modified by section 3(42) of ERISA (the “Plan Asset Regulation”) describing what constitutes the 
assets of a Plan for purposes of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. Under the Plan Asset 
Regulation, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity, the Plan’s assets include both the equity 
interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity’s underlying assets, unless the Issuer qualifies

--- Page 255 ---
243 
 
 
as an “operating company” or another exception described in the Plan Asset Regulation applies. An 
“operating company” is a company that is primarily engaged in the production or sale of a product or 
service (other than the investment of capital) directly or through one or more majority-owned 
subsidiaries. Further, a security which is in the form of debt may be considered an equity interest under 
the Plan Asset Regulation if it has substantial equity features. If any of the Notes have substantial 
equity features and the Issuer was deemed under the Plan Asset Regulation to hold plan assets by 
reason of a Plan’s investment in such Notes, the Issuer and an undivided interest in its underlying 
assets would be subject to the fiduciary standards of ERISA and the prohibited transaction rules of 
ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. While there is little pertinent authority in this area and no 
assurance can be given, the Issuer believes that the Notes should not be treated as equity interests 
for the purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation and the Issuer currently qualifies as an operating 
company. 
Each of the Issuer, the Dealers or any other party to the transactions contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by any Final Terms has its own interests in the offering and sale of Notes 
and related transactions, which differ from the interests of any Plan or other plan subject to Similar 
Law considering the acquisition or holding of Notes, and such interests generally are disclosed in this 
Base Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms and related documents. Any person that, for any direct 
or indirect compensation, provides investment advice within the meaning of ERISA in connection with 
the acquisition, holding or disposition of a Note by any Plan might be treated as a fiduciary to the Plan. 
Each of the Issuer, the Dealers or other transaction parties, as well as their respective directors, 
officers, employees or agents are not authorised to, have not provided and do not undertake to provide 
any investment advice or advice in any fiduciary capacity to any Plan or any fiduciary, representative 
or agent thereof. 
Each fiduciary who is responsible for making the investment decisions whether to purchase or commit 
to purchase and to hold any of the Notes with assets of any Plan or any governmental, church or non-
U.S. plan should consult with its counsel to confirm that such investment will not result in a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction and will satisfy the other applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code or Similar 
Law. 
Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Note or any interest therein will be deemed by such 
purchase or acquisition of any such Note or any interest therein to have represented and warranted, 
on each day from the date on which the purchaser or transferee acquires such Note or any interest 
therein to and including the date on which the purchaser or transferee disposes of such Note or any 
interest therein, either that (a) it is not a Plan or an entity whose underlying assets include the assets 
of any such Plan for purposes of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (each of the foregoing, a “Benefit 
Plan Investor”), or a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan subject to Similar Law, or (b)(i) its 
acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note or any interest therein will not constitute or result in 
a non-exempt prohibited transaction under section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, or a 
violation of any Similar Law, and (ii) if it is a Benefit Plan Investor, none of the Issuer, the Dealers or 
other transaction parties, or other persons that provide marketing services, nor any of their affiliates, 
has provided, and none of them will provide, investment advice or any advice in a fiduciary capacity 
within the meaning of ERISA in connection with the purchaser or transferee's acquisition, holding or 
disposition of the Notes or any interest therein, and none of such persons has received any 
compensation (direct or indirect) for such advice (as distinct from other services). 
The sale of any Notes to a Plan is in no respect a representation by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Dealers 
or any other party to the transactions that such an investment is appropriate and meets all relevant 
legal requirements for investment by Plans generally or any particular Plan, or any governmental, 
church or non-U.S. plan.

--- Page 256 ---
244 
 
 
18. 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers or to any other 
person or institution. The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be 
sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated Dealer 
Agreement dated March 22, 2023 and made between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers named 
therein (as amended and restated or supplemented from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement"). Any 
such arrangements will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or renewal of existing Dealers and the appointment of 
additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
A Dealer may sell Notes it has purchased from the Issuer as principal to certain other dealers less a 
concession equal to all or any portion of the discount received in connection with such purchase. The 
Dealer may allow, and such dealers may re-allow, a discount to certain other dealers. After the initial 
offering of Notes, the offering price (in the case of Notes to be resold at a fixed offering price), the 
concession and the reallowance may be changed. The Notes may also be sold at variable prices.  
The Issuer may withdraw, cancel or modify the offering contemplated hereby without notice and may 
reject offers to purchase Notes in whole or in part. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate disclosure of the final 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but 
it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on 
behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance with applicable laws and rules. 
These transactions may consist of bids or purchases for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining 
the price of the Notes. If the Dealer creates or the Dealers create, as the case may be, a short position 
in the Notes, that is, if it sells or they sell Notes in an aggregate principal amount exceeding that set 
forth in the applicable Final Terms, such Dealer(s) may reduce that short position by purchasing Notes 
in the open market. In general, purchase of Notes for the purpose of stabilisation or to reduce a short 
position could cause the price of the Notes to be higher than it might be in the absence of such 
purchases. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers makes any representation or prediction as to the direction or 
magnitude of any effect that the transactions described in the immediately preceding paragraph may 
have on the price of Notes. In addition, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers makes any 
representation that the Dealers will engage in any such transactions or that such transactions, once 
commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. 
Under the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
(including liabilities under the Securities Act) they may incur or to contribute to payments the Dealers 
may be required to make in respect thereof in connection with the issue of Notes under the 
Programme. The Issuer has also agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain other expenses in

--- Page 257 ---
245 
 
 
connection with the establishment and any future updates of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme. 
No Notes will have an established trading market when issued. From time to time, each of the Dealers 
may make a market in the Notes, but no Dealer is obligated to do so and may discontinue any market-
making activity at any time, and there can be no assurance that there will be a secondary market for 
the Notes or liquidity in the secondary market if one develops. The offering of the Notes by the Dealers 
is subject to receipt and acceptance and subject to the Dealers’ right to reject any order in whole or in 
part. 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefore on the relevant Issue 
Date, which may be more than two business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-1 of 
the Exchange Act, trades in the U.S. secondary market generally are required to settle within two 
business days ("T+2"), unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, if 
an Issue Date is more than two business days following the relevant date of pricing, purchasers who 
wish to trade Notes in the United States between the date of pricing and the date that is two business 
days prior to the relevant Issue Date will be required, by virtue of the fact that such Notes initially will 
settle beyond T+2, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent 
a failed settlement. If an Issue Date is more than two business days following the relevant date of 
pricing, purchasers of Notes who wish to trade Notes between the date of pricing and the date that is 
two business days prior to the relevant Issue Date should consult their own adviser. 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various 
activities, which may include, among others, securities trading, commercial and investment banking, 
financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, 
financing and brokerage activities. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a 
broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Issuer. The Dealers have 
not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any offering contemplated 
hereby and the Issuer has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisers to the 
extent it deemed appropriate. Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have, directly or 
indirectly, performed investment and commercial banking or financial advisory services for the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates for which they have received customary fees and commissions, and they may 
provide these services to the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the future, for which they also expect to 
receive customary fees and commissions. In the ordinary course of their various business activities, 
the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer. Certain of the Dealers or 
their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in the Issuer’s securities, including potentially 
Notes offered under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of the Notes offered under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
18.1 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes.

--- Page 258 ---
246 
 
 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes or person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered 
Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be required to acknowledge, 
represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in 
Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs and it is aware, and each beneficial owner of such Notes has 
been advised, that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; or (b) it is outside 
the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(ii) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or any applicable U.S. state securities laws and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except as set forth below; 
(iii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in an Unrestricted Registered Global Note and either is a 
person located outside the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to 
resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do 
so, only (a) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (b) inside the United States to a person whom 
the seller and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its 
own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 
144A, (c) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 
under the Securities Act (if available) or (e) pursuant to an effective registration statement 
under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities 
laws; 
(iv) 
that either (A) it is not and for so long as it holds a Note (or any interest therein) will not be (i) 
an "employee benefit plan" as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I of 
ERISA, (ii) a "plan" as defined in and subject to section 4975 of the Code, (iii) an entity whose 
underlying assets are deemed for purposes of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code to include 
the assets of any such employee benefit or other plan described in clause (i) or (ii) above, or 
(iv) a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject to any federal, state or local law 
of the United States or non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to section 406 of ERISA or 
section 4975 of the Code, or (B) its acquisition, holding and disposition of a Note (or any 
interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, or a violation of any federal, state or local 
law of the United States or non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to section 406 of ERISA 
or section 4975 of the Code; 
(v) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from 
it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above, if then applicable;  
(vi) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more 
Restricted Registered Global Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one or more Unrestricted Registered Global 
Notes; 
(vii) 
that the Restricted Registered Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS NOTE CANNOT BE EXCHANGED FOR A BEARER NOTE.

--- Page 259 ---
247 
 
 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION 
HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE 
SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE (THE "AGENCY AGREEMENT") OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY 
AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE 
SELLER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
A 
QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER 
IN 
A 
TRANSACTION 
MEETING 
THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE 
WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) 
PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE ARE TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF 
THIS LEGEND. 
THE 
SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED 
BY 
THIS 
CERTIFICATE 
AND 
RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, 
WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH 
SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE 
RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE 
IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED 
SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO 
HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH 
SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND ANY 
SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR 
NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). 
BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN), THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED THAT EITHER (A) IT IS NOT AND FOR 
SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT BE (I) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF

--- Page 260 ---
248 
 
 
1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS 
DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
ARE DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE TO 
INCLUDE THE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO ERISA 
OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR (IV) A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL 
LAW OF THE UNITED STATES OR NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR 
TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAW"), OR (B) 
ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED 
BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR 
RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF 
ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW. 
[FOR PURPOSES OF APPLYING THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT RULES UNDER THE 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 (1) THE ISSUE DATE OF THE SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS [ ], [ ]; (2) THE YIELD TO MATURITY IS [ ] 
(COMPOUNDED SEMI-ANNUALLY); (3) THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE ARE BEING ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT IN THE AMOUNT 
OF [ ] PER [ ] PRINCIPAL AMOUNT; (4) THE [ ] METHOD SPECIFIED IN THE PROPOSED 
TREASURY REGULATIONS HAS BEEN USED TO DETERMINE YIELD; AND THE 
AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ALLOCABLE TO THE SHORT INITIAL 
ACCRUAL PERIOD BEGINNING [ ] AND ENDING [ ]; [AND] (5) THE AMOUNT OF 
ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ALLOCABLE TO SUCH ACCRUAL PERIOD IS U.S.$[ ] PER 
U.S.$[ ] PRINCIPAL AMOUNT.]20 [AND (6) THE COMPARABLE YIELD IS [ ]; AND (7) THE 
PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE IS [ ].]21" 
(viii) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise 
transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the Tranche of Notes of which such Notes are 
a part, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer, in the case of a non-syndicated 
issue, or the lead manager, in the case of a syndicated issue), it will do so only (a)(i) outside 
the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act 
or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable U.S. 
State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Unrestricted Registered Global Notes will 
bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE 
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (THE "AGENCY AGREEMENT") 
AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. UNTIL THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE 
COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE SECURITIES OF THE TRANCHE OF 
WHICH THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE A PART, SALES 
                                                     
20 
Include for any Definitive Registered Note issued with "original issue discount" for U.S. federal income tax purposes and issued 
under Rule 144A. 
21 
Include if the Note is a contingent payment debt instrument.

--- Page 261 ---
249 
 
 
MAY NOT BE MADE IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF U.S. PERSONS UNLESS MADE IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION UNDER SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN), THE PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED THAT EITHER (A) IT IS NOT AND FOR 
SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR 
ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE (I) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS 
DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
ARE DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE TO 
INCLUDE THE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO ERISA 
OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR (IV) A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL 
LAW OF THE UNITED STATES OR NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR 
TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAW"), OR (B) 
ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED 
BY THIS CERTIFICATE (OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR 
RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF 
ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW. 
[FOR PURPOSES OF APPLYING THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT RULES UNDER THE 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 (1) THE ISSUE DATE OF THE SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS [ ], [ ]; (2) THE YIELD TO MATURITY IS [ ] 
(COMPOUNDED SEMI-ANNUALLY); (3) THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE ARE BEING ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT IN THE AMOUNT 
OF [ ] PER [ ] PRINCIPAL AMOUNT; (4) THE [ ] METHOD SPECIFIED IN THE PROPOSED 
TREASURY REGULATIONS HAS BEEN USED TO DETERMINE YIELD; AND THE 
AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ALLOCABLE TO THE SHORT INITIAL 
ACCRUAL PERIOD BEGINNING [ ] AND ENDING [ ]; [AND] (5) THE AMOUNT OF 
ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ALLOCABLE TO SUCH ACCRUAL PERIOD IS U.S.$[ ] PER 
U.S.$[ ] PRINCIPAL AMOUNT.]22 [AND (6) THE COMPARABLE YIELD IS [ ]; AND (7) THE 
PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE IS [ ].]23"; and 
(ix) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or 
more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such 
account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations 
and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser 
of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount 
of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the 
approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency). 
                                                     
22 
Include for any Definitive Registered Note issued with "original issue discount" for U.S. federal income tax purposes and issued 
under Rule 144A. 
23 
Include if the Note is a contingent payment debt instrument.

--- Page 262 ---
250 
 
 
To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has 
agreed to furnish to holders of the Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, 
upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4).  
18.2 
United States 
Regulation S Category 2, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; Rule 144A Eligible 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to United States tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain 
transactions permitted by United States Treasury regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence 
have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In connection with Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, 
sell or deliver such Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States 
or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, and such Dealer and its affiliates will have sent to 
each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto, other 
than for resales pursuant to Rule 144A, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser 
of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount 
of Notes that may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A will be U.S.$200,000. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act (if available). 
18.3 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 263 ---
251 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
18.4 
The United Kingdom 
18.4.1 Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail 
investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
18.4.2 Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year:  
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:  
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or  
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,  
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom.

--- Page 264 ---
252 
 
 
18.5 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of 
any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24, 1998, 
as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and Italian Commissione Nazionale per le società 
e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) regulations; or  
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of February 15, 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act"); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
18.6 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA"), and each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
18.7 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (i) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong

--- Page 265 ---
253 
 
 
(the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued, or had in its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
18.8 
General 
Each Dealer acknowledges that, other than with respect to the admission of the Notes to the Official 
List and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin, no action has been or will be taken in 
any jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or possession 
or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction 
in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 266 ---
254 
 
 
19. 
Form of Final Terms 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for

--- Page 267 ---
255 
 
 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 268 ---
256 
 
 
Final Terms dated [          ] 
SWEDBANK AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): M312WZV08Y7LYUC71685 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$15,000,000,000 
Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated March 22, 2023 (the "Base Prospectus") [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[    ] [and [    ]]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]]24 in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] 
[has] [have] been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange trading as Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Prospectus with an earlier date] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the [Base] Prospectus dated [March 1, 2017/April 6, 2020, as supplemented by the supplement 
dated May 15, 2020/March 5, 2021/March 7, 2022] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated March 22, 2023 (the "Base Prospectus"). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [    ] [and [    ]]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] in order to 
obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on 
the website of the Irish Stock Exchange trading as Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 25  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
                                                     
24  
Not relevant where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
25  
Not relevant where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 269 ---
257 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number:  
[     ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [     ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
21 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[     ]]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[     ] 
(i) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [     ]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[     ] 
(N.B. 
Where 
multiple 
denominations 
above 
€100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies are 
being used the following sample wording should be 
followed: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [€199,000].") 26 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
N.B. There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date:  
[     ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[[     ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent Fixed Rate] 
 
[Reset Notes] 
                                                     
26 
 Not applicable if Notes are being issued in registered form.

--- Page 270 ---
258 
 
 
 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR] +/- [     ] per cent 
Floating Rate] 
[SOFR Index +/- [     ] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon]  
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis:  
[Specify details of any provision for conversion of 
Notes into another interest basis by cross-referring 
to paragraphs 14, 15 or 16 below]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Call Option: 
[Issuer Call]/[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred – Condition 3(a) will apply/Senior 
Non-Preferred – Condition 3(b) will apply] 
(a) 
[Redemption 
upon 
occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event and 
amounts 
payable 
on 
redemption thereof:] 
[Applicable 
– 
Condition 
5(h) 
will 
apply/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following 
the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 5(h), the Notes shall be 
redeemed in the amount of [   ] per Calculation 
Amount] 
 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation 
reasons: 
[Condition 5(b)(A)(i) will apply] 
[Condition 5(b)(A)(ii) will apply] 
(c) 
[Substitution or variation:] 
[Applicable – Condition 5(j) will apply/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable 
– 
Condition 
5(k) 
will 
apply/Not 
Applicable] 
[The Clean-Up Call Minimum Percentage will be 
[75/specify other] per cent. of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes originally issued. 
The Clean-Up Call Option Amount will be in the 
amount of [  ] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 271 ---
259 
 
 
(ii) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions (Condition 
4(a)):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[     ] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year, from and including 
[     ], up to and including the Maturity Date 
(N.B. consider form of language in the case of long 
or short coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates:  
[Not Applicable] / [     ] in each year] (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions (Condition 4(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][     ] per cent per annum 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][     ] per cent per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year, from and including 
[     ], up to and including the Maturity Date 
(v) 
First Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(vi) 
Second Reset Date: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 272 ---
260 
 
 
(vii) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
(ix) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
(x) 
Initial Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- First Reset Period Fallback Yield: 
[     ] 
(xi) 
Last Observable Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Previous 
Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Last 
Observable Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly][Not 
Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(xvii) 
Determination Dates: 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(xix) 
Relevant (Reset) Time: 
[[     ]/As per Condition 4(b)/Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Calculation Agent: 
[     ] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: Condition 
4(c))  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:  
[     ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 273 ---
261 
 
 
(iii) 
Business Centre(s):  
[     ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent):  
[[     ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
 
Reference Rate, Relevant Time and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reference Rate: [[     ] month] [EURIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR] 
[SOFR Index] 
 
Relevant Time: [[     ][ in the Relevant Financial 
Centre]/As per Condition 4(c)(ii)] 
 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/Tokyo/Hon
g Kong]](delete for SOFR Index Floating Rate 
Notes) 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Tokyo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period]] 
 
[[     ] days prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
[As per Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)] (SOFR Index Floating 
Rate Notes only) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ]

--- Page 274 ---
262 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
[Not Applicable] (SOFR Index Floating Rate Notes 
only) 
p: 
[As per Conditions][Not Applicable][       ](SOFR 
Index Floating Rate Notes only) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
Designated Maturity:  
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
Reset Date:  
[     ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending 
on market circumstances, may not be available at 
the relevant time) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period) 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent per annum  
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[     ] per cent per annum  
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[     ] per cent per annum  
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual]  
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xiii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 275 ---
263 
 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC SOFR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield:  
[     ] per cent per annum  
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[     ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s):  
[     ] per Calculation Amount  
(iii) 
If redeemable in part:  
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:  
 
[     ] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require five clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent or Trustee) 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
Each Note will be redeemed at its principal amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount:

--- Page 276 ---
264 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on Event 
of Default: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 5(d) applies] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider). If, however, 
the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per 
cent of the nominal value, consideration should be 
given as to what the Early Redemption Amount 
should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Registered Notes: 
 
The Notes will be represented on issue by one or 
more [Restricted Registered Global Notes registered 
in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] [and by one or 
more] 
[Unrestricted 
Registered 
Global 
Notes 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg]]] 
 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note on and after the Exchange 
Date which is exchangeable for definitive Notes 
[upon 45 days’ written notice (expiring after the 
Exchange Date)] [only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event].] 27 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date.] 28 
(ii) 
New Global Notes / held under 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes]/[No]  
22. 
Financial Centre(s):  
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
                                                     
27 
The exchange upon notice at any time option should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes 
in paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000]. 
28    
This option must not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]

--- Page 277 ---
265 
 
 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 16(iii) relates) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to definitive Notes:  
 
[Yes]/[No] 
24. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[     ] has been extracted from [     ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [     ], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  ....................................................  
Duly authorised 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin/Not Applicable]  
(ii) 
Date on which admission to trading 
to be effective:  
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin]/[     ] with effect from, or from 
around, [     ]] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading:  
[     ] 
2. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes calculated by reference 
to a benchmark only) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR/[in the case of Reset Notes, insert name of relevant benchmark]] 
which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, 
[legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR/[in the case of 
Reset Notes, insert name of relevant benchmark]] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
3. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have 
been]/[are expected to be] assigned the following 
ratings:

--- Page 278 ---
266 
 
 
 
[     ] by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
 
[     ] by Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB 
 
[     ] by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the [European Union] 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended).] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [managers/dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [managers/dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reason for the offer: 
[Green 
Bonds][Social 
Bonds][Sustainability 
Bonds][General Business Purposes][   ] 
(See "Use and Estimated Net Amounts of Proceeds" 
wording in the Base Prospectus – if reasons for the 
offer are different from General Business Purposes, 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, 
will need to include those reasons here.)  
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes AND RESET NOTES 
only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION  
 
(i) 
CUSIP Number: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (together with the 
[Not Applicable/[give name(s) and number(s)]]

--- Page 279 ---
267 
 
 
address of such clearing system) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s):  
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
[Not Applicable/[     ]] 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Transfer Agents and/or Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):  
 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] [include 
this text for Registered Notes which are to be held 
under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS [include this 
text for Registered Notes which are to be held under 
the NSS]]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[           ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)]

--- Page 280 ---
268 
 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
Rule 144A Eligible: 
[Yes/No] 
(vii) 
Whether TEFRA D rules applicable 
or TEFRA rules not applicable: 
 
 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 281 ---
269 
 
 
20. 
Definitions  
Common equity Tier 1 capital (CET 1 Capital): Capital consisting of capital instruments, related 
share premium accounts, retained earnings and other comprehensive income after considering 
regulatory adjustments. 
Common equity Tier 1 capital ratio (CET 1 capital ratio): Common Equity Tier 1 capital in relation 
to the total risk exposure amount.  
Cost/income ratio: Total expenses in relation to total income. 
Credit impairments: Established losses and provisions for the financial year less recoveries related 
to loans as well as the year’s net expenses for guarantees and other contingent liabilities. 
Credit impairment ratio: Credit impairment, in relation to the opening balance of loans to credit 
institutions and loans to the public after provisions. 
Earnings per share after dilution: Profit for the financial year allocated to shareholders in relation to 
the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for the dilution 
effect of potential shares. 
Earnings per share before dilution: Profit for the financial year allocated to shareholders in relation 
to the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the financial year. 
Equity per share: Shareholders’ equity in relation to the number of shares outstanding. 
Interest fixing period: Contracted period during which interest on an asset or liability is fixed. 
Investment margin: Calculated as Net interest income in relation to average total assets. The 
average is calculated using month-end figures, including the prior year end. 
Number of employees: The number of employees at year-end, excluding long-term absences, in 
relation to the number of hours worked expressed in terms of full-time positions. 
Probability of Default (PD): The probability of default (PD) indicates the risk that a counterparty or 
contract will default within a twelve-month period. 
Return on equity: Profit for the financial year allocated to shareholders in relation to average equity 
attributable to shareholders’ of the parent company. The average is calculated using month-end 
figures, including the prior year end. 
Return on total assets: Profit for the year in relation to average total assets. The average is calculated 
using month-end figures, including the prior year end. 
Risk exposure amount: Risk weighted exposure value i.e. the exposure value after considering the 
risk inherent in the asset. 
Tier 1 capital: The sum of Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital according to 
Article 25 in CRR. 
Tier 1 capital ratio: Tier 1 capital in relation to the total risk exposure amount. 
Tier 2 capital: Capital instruments and subordinated loans and related share premium accounts that 
fulfill certain regulatory conditions .

--- Page 282 ---
270 
 
 
Total capital ratio: Own funds in relation to the total risk exposure amount. 
Yield: Dividend per share in relation to the share price at year-end.

--- Page 283 ---
271 
 
 
21. 
General Information 
21.1 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
It is expected that each Tranche which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to 
the issue of a Registered Global Note initially representing the Notes of such Tranche or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Temporary Global Note.  
Any Series of Notes intended to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin will be so admitted upon submission to the Central Bank and 
Euronext Dublin of the applicable Final Terms and any other information required by the Central Bank 
and Euronext Dublin, subject in each case to the issue of the relevant Notes. 
The update of the Programme was duly authorised by the Issuer on March 6, 2023. Notes issued 
under the Programme will be authorised by the Issuer at the time of issuance.  
Except as disclosed herein in the sections headed “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Internal Control 
and Compliance – The Group is exposed to money laundering, terrorist financing and financial 
sanctions risks, and has been and is still subject to investigations by certain authorities into allegations 
that the Group may have processed money laundering transactions and may have violated OFAC 
sanctions” and “Swedbank—Legal Proceedings”, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
21.2 
Since December 31, 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
and there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group or the financial 
position of the Group.  
21.3 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (Authorised Public Accounts) of Torsgatan 21, 113 97 Stockholm, 
Sweden, have audited the financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended December 
31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (Authorised Public Accounts) is a member of FAR, the professional 
institute for authorised public accountants (Sw: auktoriserade revisorer), approved public accountants 
(Sw: godkända revisorer) and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in 
Sweden. 
21.4 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
common code and International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of each 
Tranche allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an application for Registered Notes to be accepted for 
trading in book-entry form by DTC. If so, the CUSIP number for each Tranche of Registered Notes, 
together with the relevant common code and International Securities Identification Number, will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC are the entities 
in charge of keeping book-entry records. If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or 
alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue J.F.

--- Page 284 ---
272 
 
 
Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041-0099, 
USA. 
21.5 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection from https://swedbank.com/investor-
relations/debt-investors.html: 
(i) 
Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Trust Deed; and 
(iii) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated 
by reference and, save as provided below, any Final Terms issued in respect of any Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
The Articles of Association of the Issuer referred to in paragraph (i) above are translated from the 
Swedish original. The Issuer confirms that such translation is a direct and accurate translation from 
the Swedish original. 
21.6 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of the Issuer’s 
business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Holders of Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
21.7 
The issue price and principal amount of Notes of any Tranche to be issued will be determined at the 
time of offering of such Tranche in accordance with then prevailing market conditions. 
21.8 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on 
the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
21.9 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on any certificate or report from an expert or any 
other person in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed whether or not any such certificate 
or report or any engagement letter or other document entered into by the Trustee in connection 
therewith contains any limit on the liability of such expert or such other person.  
21.10 
The following Alternative Performance Measures (as such term is defined in the ESMA Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures) are included in this Base Prospectus: 
NSFR, Cost/income ratio, Credit impairment ratio, Equity per Share, Total credit impairment provision 
ratio, Return on equity and Return on total assets (each as defined on pages 254 and 255 of the 
Group’s "Annual and Sustainability Report 2022"). 
21.11 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the 
Programme to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
21.12 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under applicable law.

--- Page 285 ---
273 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Landsvägen 40 
SE-172 63 Sundbyberg 
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
603 23 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10013 
United States of America

--- Page 286 ---
274 
 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Capital Inc. 
BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 
745 Seventh Avenue 
787 Seventh Avenue 
New York, NY 10019 
New York, NY 10019 
United States of America 
United States of America 
BofA Securities, Inc. 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
One Bryant Park 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10036 
New York, NY 10013 
United States of America 
United States of America 
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
11 Madison Avenue 
1 Columbus Circle 
New York, NY 10010 
New York, NY 10019 
United States of America 
United States of America 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
452 Fifth Avenue 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
New York, NY 10018 
Germany 
United States of America 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10179 
United States of America 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
1585 Broadway, 29th Floor 
New York, NY 10036 
United States of America 
RBC Capital Markets, LLC 
UBS Securities LLC 
Brookfield Place 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor 
New York, NY 10281-8098 
United States of America 
New York, NY 10019 
United States of America 
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor 
Charlotte, NC 28202 
United States of America 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and United States law 
Linklaters LLP 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
1290 Avenue of the Americas 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
New York, NY 10104 
United Kingdom 
 
United States of America 
To the Dealers as to Swedish law 
Wistrand Advokatbyrå 
Regeringsgatan 65 
P.O. Box 7543 
SE-103 93 Stockholm 
Sweden

--- Page 287 ---
275 
 
 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English and United States law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
52 avenue Hoche 
London E1 6AD 
75379 Paris Cedex 08 
United Kingdom 
France 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Torsgatan 21 
SE-113 97 Stockholm 
Sweden 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
EUO2: 2003061344.17