--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS   
 
 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
U.S.$40,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the U.S.$40,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Swedbank 
AB (publ) ("Swedbank" or the "Issuer"), subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, may from time to time issue medium term notes in bearer or 
registered form (respectively, "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes" and together, the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time will not exceed U.S.$40,000,000,000 or the equivalent in other currencies. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional dealer(s) appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together, the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be 
to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the 
quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin") of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of 
a prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus (other 
than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. In addition, application has been made to register the Programme on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange Ltd. Upon specific request, Notes issued under the Programme may then be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. References in this Base Prospectus 
to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been (i) admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin or (ii) admitted to trading on the standard for bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd, as the case may be.  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme also provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges, markets or quotation 
systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Articles 1(4) and 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the "FSMA") only applies to Notes which are admitted 
to trading on a United Kingdom ("UK") regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR") and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to (i) Swiss Domestic Notes (as defined 
below) and (ii) Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither 
approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Notes will be subject to Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (as defined below), as described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Governing Law, 
Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers". 
There are certain risks related to any issue of Notes under the Programme, which investors should ensure they fully understand (see "Risk Factors" on 
pages 18-60 of this Base Prospectus). 
The Issuer has been assigned ratings of A-1 (short term) and A+ (long term) (outlooks stable) from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor’s"); P-1 
(short term) and Aa3 (long term) (outlooks stable) from Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody’s"); and F1+ (short term) and AA- (long term) (rating watch 
stable) from Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. ("Fitch"). Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated A+ (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity 
of more than one year), A- (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), BBB+ (Subordinated Notes) and A-1 (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of less than one year) by 
Standard & Poor’s; Aa3 (Senior Preferred Notes), Baa1 (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), Baa2 (Subordinated Notes) and P-1 (short term) by Moody’s; and AA- (Senior 
Preferred Notes with a maturity of more than one year), A+ (Senior Non-Preferred Notes),  A- (Subordinated Notes) and F1+ (Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity 
of less than one year) by Fitch. Each of Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). Each of Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch is not established in the UK but is part of a group in respect of which one of its 
undertakings is (i) established in the UK and (ii) is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, the ratings issued by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche (as defined below) of Notes is rated, such rating will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined below) and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), AND MAY INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. ACCORDINGLY, THE 
NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT (1) IN REGISTERED FORM AND TO 
"QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A ("RULE 144A") UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN TRANSACTIONS MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OR (2) IN BEARER OR REGISTERED FORM AND TO CERTAIN NON-U.S. PERSONS IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT SELLERS OF THE NOTES MAY BE 
RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A. SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND 
SALE" AND "NOTICE TO PURCHASERS OF RESTRICTED NOTES AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS" FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS 
ON OFFERS, SALES AND TRANSFERS OF THE NOTES. 
Arranger of the Programme 
J.P. Morgan 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse 
Danske Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Swedbank 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 May 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, makes no omission 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is 
material in the context of the Programme or the issue of the relevant Notes; that this Base Prospectus 
is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading and does not contain any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make statements herein, in 
light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading and; there are no other facts in 
relation thereto the omission of which would, in the context of the Programme or the issue of the relevant 
Notes, make any statement herein misleading in any material respect; that all reasonable enquiries 
have been made to verify the foregoing; and that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made. The Issuer has further confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus 
together with, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, contains the necessary information which is material to an 
investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer, of the rights attaching to the relevant Notes and the reasons for any 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
In relation to any Tranche, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such Tranche, the interest (if 
any) payable in respect of the Notes of such Tranche, the issue price and certain other information 
which is relevant to such Tranche will be set out in a final terms document ("Final Terms") or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement ("Pricing Supplement"). In relation to Notes to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin, the Final Terms will be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland on or before the date of 
issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin 
will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at live.euronext.com 
This Base Prospectus contains information sourced from third parties – including Statistics Sweden, 
Euroclear Sweden AB, the Estonian Central Bank, the Association of Commercial Banks of Latvia, the 
Financial and Capital Market Commission (Latvia), the Association of Lithuanian Banks, Macrobond 
and Riksbank – where indicated with references to third party sources herein. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any amendment or supplement hereto, all 
information which is deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Information Incorporated by 
Reference") and, in relation to any Tranche, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that 
such information is incorporated in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein (see 
"Information Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
The Issuer has not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information regarding 
the Issuer or the Notes other than as contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
in the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale"), in any other document prepared 
in connection with the Programme or any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing 
Supplement or as approved for such purpose by the Issuer. Any such representation or information 
should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
(as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). 
None of this Base Prospectus, any financial statements and any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, any Pricing Supplement constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any 
Pricing Supplement should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement shall be taken 
to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be used by the recipient hereof solely in connection with evaluating an 
investment in debt instruments issued by the Issuer under the Programme and for no other purpose. 
Copies of this Base Prospectus and any related offering documents must not be mailed or otherwise 
distributed or transmitted in or into the United States except to "qualified institutional buyers" as defined 
in Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any 
Pricing Supplement nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall, in any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of 
the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. No representation or warranty is made 
or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates or the Trustee, and neither the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates nor the Trustee makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers nor the Trustee represents that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may be offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement, and the 
offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing 
Supplement, comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
any Pricing Supplement and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing 
Supplement, may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in 
which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such 
an offer or solicitation. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed U.S.$40,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency 
shall be translated into United States dollars at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes calculated

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount 
of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time 
to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which 
such investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and 
(iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult 
their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators ("URLs") are inactive 
textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or 
URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "U.S. dollars", "USD", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States 
dollars; references to "CHF" refer to Swiss Francs; references to "GBP" and "£" refer to Pounds sterling; 
references to "CNY", "RMB" and "Renminbi" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China 
(the "PRC") that is deliverable offshore; references to "SEK" or "Krona" refer to Swedish Krona; and 
references to "EUR", "Euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. For the purposes of this Base Prospectus, references to the "PRC" exclude the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC ("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the PRC ("Macau") and Taiwan. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, any such reference rate may constitute 
a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") or, as

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
the case may be, Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or, as the case may be, the FCA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or, as the case may be, the UK Benchmarks Regulation, may have the result 
that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or, as the case may be, the UK Benchmarks Regulation, is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update 
the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement includes a legend titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement includes a legend titled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
In respect of each issue of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will include a legend titled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the relevant Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of such Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither J.P. Morgan AG (the "Arranger") nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
In respect of each issue of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement may include a legend titled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the relevant Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
 PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO 
TIME, (THE "SFA") 
Unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that all Notes issued or to be issued under 
the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
GUIDANCE UNDER THE HONG KONG MONETARY AUTHORITY (THE “HKMA”) CIRCULAR 
In October 2018, the HKMA issued guidance on enhanced investor protection measures on the sale 
and distribution of debt instruments with loss-absorption features and related products (the “HKMA 
Circular”). Under the HKMA Circular, debt instruments with loss absorption features, being subject to 
the risk of being written-down or converted to ordinary shares, and investment products that invest 
mainly in, or whose returns are closely linked to the performance of such instruments (together, “Loss 
Absorption Products”), are to be targeted in Hong Kong at professional investors (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and its subsidiary legislation, 
“Professional Investors”) only and are generally not suitable for retail investors in either the primary or 
secondary markets. 
IMPORTANT – CANADA 
THE NOTES MAY BE SOLD ONLY TO PURCHASERS PURCHASING, OR DEEMED TO BE 
PURCHASING, AS PRINCIPAL THAT ARE ACCREDITED INVESTORS, AS DEFINED IN NATIONAL 
INSTRUMENT 45-106 PROSPECTUS EXEMPTIONS OR SUBSECTION 73.3(1) OF THE

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
SECURITIES ACT (ONTARIO), AND ARE PERMITTED CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN NATIONAL 
INSTRUMENT 31-103 REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS, EXEMPTIONS AND ONGOING 
REGISTRANT OBLIGATIONS. ANY RESALE OF THE NOTES MUST BE MADE IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE PROSPECTUS 
REQUIREMENTS OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. SECURITIES LEGISLATION IN CERTAIN 
PROVINCES OR TERRITORIES OF CANADA MAY PROVIDE A PURCHASER WITH REMEDIES 
FOR RESCISSION OR DAMAGES IF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENT 
THERETO) CONTAINS A MISREPRESENTATION, PROVIDED THAT THE REMEDIES FOR 
RESCISSION OR DAMAGES ARE EXERCISED BY THE PURCHASER WITHIN THE TIME LIMIT 
PRESCRIBED BY THE SECURITIES LEGISLATION OF THE PURCHASER’S PROVINCE OR 
TERRITORY. THE PURCHASER SHOULD REFER TO ANY APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE 
SECURITIES LEGISLATION OF THE PURCHASER’S PROVINCE OR TERRITORY FOR 
PARTICULARS OF THESE RIGHTS OR CONSULT WITH A LEGAL ADVISOR. PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 3A.3 (OR, IN THE CASE OF SECURITIES ISSUED OR GUARANTEED BY THE 
GOVERNMENT OF A NON-CANADIAN JURISDICTION, SECTION 3A.4) OF NATIONAL 
INSTRUMENT 33-105 UNDERWRITING CONFLICTS (NI 33-105), THE DEALERS ARE NOT 
REQUIRED TO COMPLY WITH THE DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS OF NI 33-105 REGARDING 
UNDERWRITER CONFLICTS OF INTEREST IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
FOR AS LONG AS ANY OF THE NOTES REMAIN OUTSTANDING AND ARE "RESTRICTED 
SECURITIES" WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144(a)(3) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, THE 
ISSUER HAS AGREED THAT IT WILL, DURING ANY PERIOD IN WHICH IT IS NEITHER SUBJECT 
TO THE REPORTING REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 13 OR 15(d) UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (THE "EXCHANGE ACT"), NOR EXEMPT 
FROM REPORTING UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT PURSUANT TO RULE 12g3-2(b) 
THEREUNDER, FURNISH, UPON REQUEST, TO ANY PERSON IN WHOSE NAME SUCH 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES ARE REGISTERED, TO ANY OWNER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN 
SUCH RESTRICTED SECURITIES, AND TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER OF SUCH 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN DESIGNATED BY ANY SUCH 
PERSON OR BENEFICIAL OWNER, IN CONNECTION WITH RESALE OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
IN SUCH RESTRICTED SECURITIES BY SUCH PERSON OR BENEFICIAL OWNER, AS THE CASE 
MAY BE, THE INFORMATION SPECIFIED IN RULE 144A(d)(4) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS 
COVENANT IS INTENDED FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE HOLDERS (AS DEFINED BELOW), AND 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS DESIGNATED BY SUCH HOLDERS, FROM TIME TO TIME OF 
BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THE NOTES. 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS 
(IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF 
ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS OR, IN THE CASE OF 
EXEMPT NOTES, THE APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES 
AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, 
STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON 
OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE 
OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY 
TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE 
OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT 
OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT 
MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
1 
Overview of the Programme .................................................................................................... 11 
2 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................. 18 
3 
Information Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................... 61 
4 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ......................................................................................... 63 
5 
Use and Estimated Net Amounts of Proceeds ...................................................................... 134 
6 
Form of Notes; Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form ............ 136 
7 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................... 142 
8 
Form of Pricing Supplement .................................................................................................. 160 
9 
Swedbank .............................................................................................................................. 178 
10 
Risk Management .................................................................................................................. 192 
11 
Management .......................................................................................................................... 194 
12 
Certain Regulatory Considerations ........................................................................................ 201 
13 
Clearing and Settlement......................................................................................................... 207 
14 
Notice to Purchasers of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions .................................... 210 
15 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................. 211 
16 
Subscription and Sale ............................................................................................................ 213 
17 
Definitions .............................................................................................................................. 220 
18 
General Information ............................................................................................................... 221

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
1 
Overview of the Programme 
This overview should be understood as an introduction to this Base Prospectus, and highlights 
information presented in greater detail elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. This overview is not complete 
and does not contain all the information an investor should consider before investing in any Notes. Any 
investor should carefully read the entire Base Prospectus before investing, including "Risk Factors", the 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Each decision to invest 
in any Notes should be based on an assessment of the entire Base Prospectus. 
This Overview of the Programme constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes 
of Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
M312WZV08Y7LYUC71685 
Website of the Issuer: 
www.swedbank.com  
Arranger: 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities 
Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited, Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de 
Valores 
S.A., 
Danske 
Bank 
A/S, 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank 
plc, J.P. Morgan AG, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, 
Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura International plc, 
Société Générale, Swedbank AB (publ), UBS AG and UBS 
Europe SE and any other dealer appointed from time to time by 
the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
U.S.$40,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency 
at the date of the agreement to issue any Notes) in aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme. The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
which may be outstanding under the Programme may be 
increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the 
relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series"). Each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a 
"Tranche") issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, whether as to 
currency, interest, maturity or otherwise, save that Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and Issue Prices may be 
different. A Series may only be comprised of Notes in bearer 
form or Notes in registered form.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Offering and Sale: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements, the Notes may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies 
(including, without limitation, Australian Dollars ("AUD"), 
Canadian Dollars ("CAD"), Danish Kroner ("DKK"), Euro ("EUR" 
or "Euro"), Hong Kong Dollars ("HKD"), Japanese Yen ("JPY"), 
New Zealand Dollars ("NZD"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), 
Pounds Sterling ("GBP"), Renminbi ("RMB" or "CNY"), Swedish 
Krona ("SEK"), Swiss Francs ("CHF") and United States Dollars 
("USD" or "U.S.$")) subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory requirements and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Status: 
Notes may be issued on a senior preferred basis ("Senior 
Preferred Notes"), on a senior non-preferred basis ("Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes") 
or 
on 
a 
subordinated 
basis 
("Subordinated Notes"), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders 
thereof shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the 
Issuer, rank as described in Condition 3(a)(ii) in relation to the 
claims of other creditors. 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders 
thereof shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the 
Issuer, rank as described in Condition 3(b)(ii) in relation to the 
claims of other creditors.  
 
Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes will constitute subordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders thereof shall, 
in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: 
likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, rank as 
described in Condition 3(c)(ii) in relation to the claims of other 
creditors.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The Notes will be issued on a fully-paid basis and may be 
issued at any price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Maturities: 
Notes may have any maturity, subject, in relation to specific 
currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in Section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Redemption: 
Notes (other than Exempt Notes) will be redeemable at par or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, may be redeemable at par or 
such other redemption amount as may be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as determined between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Early Redemption: 
Early redemption will be permitted: 
(i) 
subject to Condition 5(j), upon the occurrence of a 
Withholding Tax Event and where "Tax Event Call" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event as 
described in Condition 5(b); 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, subject to Condition 
5(j), where "Redemption upon occurrence of Capital 
Event and amounts payable on redemption thereof" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event as 
described in Condition 5(h); and 
(iii) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, subject to Condition 5(j), where 
"Redemption 
upon 
occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event and amounts payable on 
redemption thereof" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the 
applicable 
Pricing 
Supplement, 
upon 
the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event as 
described in Condition 5(i), 
but will otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
applicable Pricing Supplement and subject to compliance with 
all applicable laws and regulations. 
Substitution or Variation: 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that 
Condition 5(k) applies to a Series of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, if at any 
time (i) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is 
continuing; (ii) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) a Capital 
Event occurs and is continuing; (iii) in any case, a Withholding 
Tax Event occurs and is continuing; (iv) in any case, where "Tax 
Event Call" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, a Tax Event occurs and is continuing; or (v) in any 
case, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 18(f), the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5(j), 
substitute such Senior Preferred Notes, such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or such Subordinated Notes, as the case may 
be, for, or vary their terms so that or provided that (as the case 
may be) they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, 
as further provided in Condition 5(k). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
in relation to a Floating Rate Note or a Reset Note, in the event 
that the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a 
view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, 
if any, and any Benchmark Amendments as described in 
Condition 4(d). 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars and the Reference 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement is SOFR 
Index and (ii) "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR" is 
also specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, for a Floating Rate Note, and the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
replacement Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of 
the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to 
the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all 
determinations on all subsequent dates as described in 
Condition 4(e). 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank (or equivalent body) requirements (see "Maturities" 
above), provided however, that (i) the minimum denomination 
of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the EEA for the purposes of MiFID II or offered to the public in 
a Member State of the EEA or in the UK in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, will 
be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency as at 
the date of issue of the relevant Notes) and (ii) Notes sold in 
reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Restricted 
Notes") shall be issued in minimum denominations of 
U.S.$200,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess 
thereof. 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made without withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of 
Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or 
agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer will (subject to the exceptions set out in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes — Taxation") pay (in respect of 
payments of interest only) such additional amounts as will result 
in the holders of Notes or Coupons ("Holders") receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes 
or Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been 
required.  
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Cross-Default: 
None. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, all related contractual documentation and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law except that Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and Clause 3 of the Trust Deed shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
Swedish 
Statutory 
Loss 
Absorption powers: 
The Notes will be subject to Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers, as described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes –

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers." 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for certain Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
In addition, application has been made to register the 
Programme on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. Upon specific 
request, Notes issued under the Programme may then be listed 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges, markets or quotation 
systems agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if 
so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets and/or quotation 
systems. 
Terms and Conditions: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of the Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, completes and/or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes only) such Pricing Supplement that amends 
and/or replaces the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement and/or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes only) amended and/or replaced by the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. See also "Exempt Notes" below. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that 
Exempt Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIS and/or 
DTC (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
in relation to any Notes, as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering materials in the United 
States of America, to retail investors in the EEA, in the UK, in 
Italy, in Japan, in the People's Republic of China, in Hong Kong 
and in Singapore. Further restrictions may be required in

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
connection with any particular Tranche of Notes and will be 
specified in the documentation relating to such Tranche. 
Transfer Restrictions: 
Restricted Notes originally offered and sold into the United 
States to "qualified institutional buyers" in accordance with Rule 
144A under the Securities Act will be subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer. 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Paying and Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Exchange Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
2 
Risk Factors 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. If any of the risks described below materialise, the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and the trading price and liquidity of 
the Notes could decline, in which case an investor may lose some or all of the value of its investment. 
Swedbank believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but it may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by 
Swedbank based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate and Swedbank does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
2.1 
Risks Relating to the Issuer's Financial Situation 
2.1.1 
Economic and market conditions have caused substantial credit impairments in the 
past, and future credit impairments could have a material adverse impact on the Group's 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, the risk that a counterparty, e.g. a borrower, fails to meet 
its contractual obligations towards the Group and the risk that the pledged collateral does not 
cover the claims. A deteriorating macroeconomic environment, major structural changes in 
specific industries, or an increased risk profile of the Group's credit portfolio could result in 
further provisioning and/or higher capital requirements. If the market value of collateral securing 
the payment of the loans made by the Group declines, the collateral may be insufficient to cover 
the loans.  
The Group uses through the cycle estimates of probability of default for calculating its regulatory 
capital requirements. If the risks in the Group's credit portfolio increase, it would result in 
downgrades in the risk classification system. Any downgrades could result in a higher 
regulatory capital requirement, which could lead to the Group having to raise additional capital. 
In addition, the Group values assets and assesses the capital adequacy position of its banking 
subsidiaries using financial models based on assumptions and estimates taking into account 
the prevailing market conditions which may prove inadequate if market conditions deteriorate. 
Changes in foreign exchange rates, decreases in collateral ratios as a consequence of the 
deterioration of the market value of assets pledged as collateral, or deterioration in the 
economic environment, among other things, could result in further provisioning (e.g., previously 
known oil-related problem loans ongoing since 2015 within LC&I resulted in higher credit 
impairments) and/or an increase in risk exposure amount ("REA"), which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will not experience materially lower credit recoveries 
or higher impairments in the future. 
2.1.2 
A significant amount of the Group's long-term financing matures in the next 12 months, 
which the Group may not have the ability to refinance.   
A significant portion of the Group's external long-term financing, including maturing 
subordinated debt, matures in the next 12 months. Disruptions, uncertainty and/or increased 
volatility in the global capital markets may have a material adverse effect on the Group's ability 
to raise new financing at all or on favourable terms. This could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's liquidity position, funding maturity profile and operating results. The availability

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
of additional financing depends on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the 
availability of credit generally and, specifically for borrowers in the financial services industry, 
the volume of trading activities. 
In addition, an increase in interest rates and/or widening of credit spreads, as well as any 
restriction on the availability of credit, including, but not limited to, interbank credit, can affect 
the Group's ability to borrow on a secured or unsecured basis, which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity and results of operations. In difficult credit market 
conditions, the Group may be forced to fund its operations at a higher cost or it may be unable 
to raise as much short- or long-term funding as needed to support its business activities. This 
could increase the Group's funding costs or cause the Group to curtail its business activities, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The availability of financing is also affected by the Group’s financial condition, its credit ratings 
and credit capacity, as well as any negative perception by the Group's customers or lenders of 
the Group's financial prospects if, for example, the Group incurs large loan losses or other 
losses, experiences significant deposit outflows or if the level of the Group’s business activity 
decreases due to a market downturn or otherwise. The Group's access to funds may further be 
impaired if regulatory authorities impose additional regulatory capital requirements or if ratings 
agencies downgrade the credit ratings or outlook of Swedbank. This could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's liquidity position, funding maturity profile and operating results. 
For more information about recent regulatory changes to capital requirements, see "—
Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries may need additional capital and/or eligible 
liabilities in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be 
difficult to obtain such capital and/or eligible liabilities." 
2.1.3 
The Group's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend 
significantly on its credit ratings.   
On 26 March 2020, S&P lowered Swedbank’s long-term and short-term issuer credit rating on 
Swedbank AB and its core subsidiary Swedbank Mortgage AB. On 2 April 2020, Moody’s 
downgraded Swedbank’s long-term deposit and senior unsecured debt ratings, junior senior 
unsecured debt ratings, subordinated debt ratings and baseline credit assessment. On 3 April 
2020, Fitch downgraded Swedbank’s long-term Issuer Default Rating ("IDR") and Viability 
Rating ("VR"). The downgrades follow the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority ("SFSA") 
and Estonian Financial Supervisory Authority ("EFSA") finding of serious anti-money laundering 
deficiencies and regulatory misconduct at Swedbank between 2015 and the first quarter of 
2019 as a result of investigations into Swedbank’s Baltic subsidiaries, as well as Swedbank’s 
disclosure of the findings of its independent investigation by an external law firm, Clifford 
Chance LLP.  Any downgrade of Swedbank’s credit rating, or the credit ratings of its significant 
subsidiaries such as Swedbank Mortgage, could increase its borrowing costs, adversely affect 
the liquidity position of the Group, limit its access to the capital markets, undermine confidence 
in, and the competitive position of, the Group, or trigger obligations under certain bilateral terms 
in some of its trading and collateralised financing contracts, including requiring the provision of 
additional collateral as well as limiting the range of counterparties willing to enter into 
transactions with the Group. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Any fines or sanctions imposed 
on the Group by relevant authorities, including the SFSA, which imposed an administrative fine 
of SEK 4 billion on the Group on 19 March 2020, could have an adverse impact on the Group's 
credit rating. 
2.1.4 
The Group may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing defaulted 
loans, and even if it is successful in its foreclosure efforts, it may be unable to

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
successfully repossess the underlying assets, which may adversely affect its ability to 
recover the value of the collateral. 
If a borrower defaults under one of the Group’s loans, the Group may foreclose on the loan 
and/or acquire title to the assets pledged as collateral, and thereafter make substantial 
improvements or repairs in order to maximize the asset’s realizable value. The borrower may 
contest enforcement of foreclosure or other compulsory measures, which may delay the 
foreclosure. The borrower may also seek bankruptcy protection, in which case certain 
regulatory measures may preclude the Group from enforcing foreclosure or pursuing other 
remedies against the borrower. Foreclosure-related costs, high LTV ratios or reductions in the 
value of the assets may prevent the Group from realising an amount equal to its loans upon 
foreclosure, and the Group may be required to record losses. 
Even if the Group is able to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing its exposures, the 
Group may hold title to pledged assets that it is unable to efficiently repossess or force a sale 
of, which would adversely affect the Group’s ability to recover the value of the collateral 
securing its exposure. Furthermore, the Group may, as part of its foreclosure on business 
assets, end up acquiring collateral that is not core to the Group’s business and in respect of 
which it lacks the required operational or management expertise or experience or may be 
prohibited from owning under applicable regulations. Managing such assets may be costly and 
may require additional expertise, personnel or outsourcing, options which may not be readily 
available or available at all. All of the above may adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
2.1.5 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk. Fluctuations in the value of foreign 
currencies could have an adverse effect on the Group’s assets, including its loan 
portfolio, and its results of operations.  
Currency risk refers to the risk that the value of the Group’s assets and liabilities, including 
derivatives, will be negatively affected by changes in exchange rates or other relevant risk 
factors. 
The Group has currency positions through goodwill and other intangible assets which are 
deductible from the capital base. These currency positions are financed in SEK and are not 
hedged because changes in exchange rates between foreign currencies and SEK do not affect 
either our profit or capital base. The major single position is in EUR and relates to the Baltic 
operations. 
In addition, the Group is subject to structural currency risks within its banking operations 
because it takes deposits and lends in different currencies. Currency risk also arises from the 
Group’s trading operations, e.g., due to customer transactions. Group Treasury manages 
currency risk that arises from banking operations or is strategic in nature by limiting the total 
value of assets and liabilities (including derivatives) denominated in a single currency to a 
desired level using derivatives, such as cross-currency swaps and forward exchange 
agreements. Currency risks arising from trading operations are also managed by the use of 
currency derivatives. 
Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies may also have a negative impact on the Group’s 
liquidity, as the Group’s overall liquidity includes balances which are held in foreign currencies. 
As the foreign currency balances value varies, the liquidity reserve value will also fluctuate. 
Additionally, fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies may also have a negative impact on 
the Group’s capital position, since a portion of the Group’s capital and REA is denominated in 
foreign currencies.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
2.1.6 
The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available. 
The Group’s liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access debt markets, an inability to 
sell assets or redeem investments, outflows of deposits or collateral deterioration. This could 
be due to circumstances that the Group is unable to control, such as continued general market 
disruption, loss of confidence in financial markets, uncertainty and speculation regarding the 
solvency of market participants, rating downgrades, or operational problems that affect third 
parties. Perceived liquidity risks from rumours or speculation in the marketplace can, in certain 
circumstances, lead to real liquidity impairments, which can further lead to, amongst other 
things, a downgrade in credit ratings, thereby exacerbating a downward liquidity spiral. 
The Group, like its Nordic peers, is reliant on wholesale funding due to a structural shortage of 
deposits in the Swedish banking system, which makes it sensitive to prolonged dislocations in 
the funding markets. The Group’s ability to sell assets at commercially desirable prices, or at 
all, could be impaired if other market participants are seeking to sell similar assets at the same 
time or are not in the position to finance themselves, or when the market value of assets, 
including financial instruments underlying derivative transactions to which the Group is a party, 
is difficult to ascertain, which occurred during the last liquidity crisis. In addition, financial 
institutions with which the Group interacts could exercise set-off rights or the right to require 
additional collateral, which could further impair the Group’s access to liquidity. The Group’s 
internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, the Group may not 
be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favourable terms or at all, which would 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
2.1.7 
Swedbank or its financial institution subsidiaries may need additional capital and/or 
eligible liabilities in the future to maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, 
and it may be difficult to obtain such capital and/or eligible liabilities. 
The Group, on a consolidated basis, and Swedbank and its financial institution subsidiaries, on 
an individual basis, are required to maintain minimum capital ratios, eligible liability levels and 
solvency levels prescribed by law in each of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. If 
the capital or eligible liabilities of the Group are not sufficient to meet the applicable 
requirements or if the applicable requirements increase or the rules concerning what counts as 
capital or eligible liabilities change, the Group may need to obtain additional capital and/or 
eligible liabilities in the future and it may not be able to obtain new equity capital or debt 
financing to meet such requirements on favourable terms, which would have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, if the capital ratios of Swedbank’s financial institution subsidiaries deteriorate, 
Swedbank, as the parent company, could be required to provide funding by way of direct or 
indirect capital contributions, loans or guarantees of loans into its subsidiaries. To the extent 
that it does not, Group operations could be restricted in the relevant jurisdictions as a result of 
regulatory penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, developments in the regulatory framework, such as changes in the risk weighting of 
assets, may cause reductions in the Group’s capital adequacy ratios and solvency levels and/or 
cause the applicable minimum capital or eligible liability requirements to increase. Additionally, 
macro-prudential authorities may change the Group’s capital and/or eligible liability 
requirements in the future, when they deem it necessary to contain systemic risk. For further 
detail, see "Certain Regulatory Considerations." Changing regulations may make it expensive 
or difficult for the Group to maintain its capital adequacy requirements.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
In November 2018, the SFSA published a memorandum explaining its view of the EBA’s 
updated guidelines on banks’ internal risk classification systems. In particular, the SFSA 
required Swedish banks to analyse their internal risk classification systems to ensure that they 
comply with updated requirements. Since these new models have not yet been implemented, 
there is uncertainty as to how the changes will affect Swedbank. However, the implementation 
of new models is expected to increase Swedbank’s REA.  
The proposed reforms to Basel III, including the output floor of 72.5 per cent, are expected to 
increase the REA and the capital requirements for Swedbank. The magnitude of the increase 
is still uncertain and will depend on how Swedish and European competent financial authorities 
choose to implement the new regulatory framework for European and, in particular, Swedish 
banks. If the REA and capital requirements are increased for Swedbank, it may need to obtain 
additional capital and/or eligible liabilities in the future and it may not be able to obtain new 
equity capital or debt financing to meet such requirements on favourable terms, which would 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. The implementation date for most of the proposed reforms was 1 January 2022 but 
this has now been extended to 1 January 2023 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic; the 
output floor requirements are intended to be phased in over a five-year period following 1 
January 2023, ending on 1 January 2028. 
2.2 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Operational and Strategic Situation  
2.2.1 
IT and other systems and infrastructure on which the Group depends are subject to 
disruptions and failures for a variety of reasons which could be outside the Group’s 
control. 
The Group’s operations are highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor, on a daily 
basis, a large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex, across numerous and 
diverse markets in many currencies, as well as its ability to accommodate current and future 
regulatory provisions, such as anti-money laundering monitoring requirements and IFRS 9 
record- keeping and calculations. Increased digitisation contributes to making operational risks 
more complex, not least because the number of places and ways in which the bank interacts 
with customers is growing. The Group’s financial, accounting, data processing or other 
operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled due to, for 
example: 
 
infrastructure issues which are related to hardware, software, network and communication 
failures, power supply and cooling systems; 
 
external dependencies where the Group’s operations are dependent on third parties such 
as stock exchanges, clearing houses, external information providers and, software vendors’ 
maintenance providers; 
 
internal issues such as deterioration in the quality of IT development, support and 
operations processes, and a high turnover of employees or organisational changes, 
resulting in an inadequate number of personnel to handle the increasing complexity of 
operations or manual errors; and 
 
the Group’s operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of 
confidential and other information in its computer systems and networks. The Group’s 
computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorised access, 
computer viruses or other malicious codes and other external attacks or internal breaches 
that could have a security impact. If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could 
jeopardise the Group’s, or the Group’s clients’ or counterparties’, confidential and other

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
information. The Group may be required to spend significant additional resources to modify 
its protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, 
and it may be subject to litigation and financial losses as well as reputational risks that are 
either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by the 
Group. 
Any disruption in the Group’s IT or other systems may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the IT 
infrastructure that supports the businesses and the Group’s operations in the countries in which 
the Group is located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, 
transportation or other services used by the Group or third parties with whom it conducts 
business, or a catastrophic event involving any location where the Group has a significant 
operational base. 
In 2020, the Group occasionally experienced system disruptions that affected customer access 
to services.  Examples of such incidents include: 
 
An incident in February 2020 during planned maintenance work to reconfigure a faulty 
network controller in one of the Group’s Swedish data centres impacted all service delivery 
channels in Sweden (i.e., cards, internet and mobile banking, Swish payments, contact 
centres, branch networks, trading and back-office functions) and certain services in the 
Baltics (including mobile and internet banking, payments and branch services), causing 
major customer outages. 
 
A disruption in April 2020 in Swish service that lasted slightly over an hour due to issues 
between Swish and its third-party vendor Tele2. During the disruption, which also affected 
other banks, approximately 99,000 Swish transactions were not initiated/processed for 
Swedbank. 
 
An incident in April 2020 involving Smart ID service provider SK ID Solutions in the Baltics, 
which had major and critical impacts on PB services, in particular e-channels using smart 
ID for customer login and various payments services in the Baltic region. In total, 156,537 
instant payment transactions could not be processed.  
 
An external attack in October 2020 on Swedbank’s network, which caused disturbances in 
its systems affecting all internal and external customers. The greatest impact was on 
Mobilbanken in Sweden, which included two outages, affecting more than 100,000 
customers. 
These incidents are not an exhaustive list, but examples of availability issues that have affected 
customers during 2020. The primary impact from such incidents is reputational, but can also 
have a financial impact due to lost business and additional costs related to incident 
management and recovery.   
2.2.2 
The Group is subject to a variety of risks as a result of its operations outside of Sweden, 
most notably in the Baltic countries. 
The Group’s operations in the Baltic countries present various risks that do not apply, or apply 
to a lesser degree, to its business in Sweden. In particular, the Group faces higher economic 
and political risks in these markets, including the potential for additional economic volatility, 
recession, inflationary pressure, exchange rate fluctuation risk and changes in law or tax policy. 
The current geopolitical situation in Russia and Belarus, including sanctions and embargos,

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
poses a risk to the region. Risks such as these could impact the ability or obligations of the 
Group’s borrowers to repay their loans, the value of the Group’s collateral held as security, 
interest rates and foreign exchange rates, and the levels of economic activity. In addition, the 
Group may face a risk of money laundering activity in the Baltic countries. As discussed in "—
The Group is exposed to money laundering, terrorist financing and financial sanctions risks, 
and has been and is currently, subject to investigations by certain authorities into allegations 
that the Group may have processed money laundering transactions and may have violated 
OFAC sanctions", the Group is responding to serious allegations that significant sums of money 
were transferred through the Group’s Baltic subsidiaries by customers who may have been 
involved in money laundering. All of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.   
2.2.3 
The Group is exposed to concentration risk 
The Group is exposed to geographic concentration risk in the form of exposure to Sweden. For 
the full-year 2020, the Swedish Banking business segment generated 60 per cent of the 
Group’s revenues and 70 per cent of its profits (in each case excluding Group Functions & 
Other) and therefore a downturn in this segment could materially impact the Group. The Group 
is also exposed to sector concentration risk due to a large share of its loans are private 
mortgages or to the property management industry. Private mortgage loans constituted 58 per 
cent of Swedbank’s total loan portfolio as of 31 December 2020, with 90 per cent of the private 
mortgage loans in Sweden and the remaining 10 per cent in the Baltic countries. Property 
management was the largest corporate sector and constituted 15 per cent of the total loan 
portfolio and 46 per cent of the corporate portfolio as of 31 December 2020. The property 
management portfolio was distributed in Sweden (83 per cent), Baltic countries (9 per cent) and 
Norway and Finland (8 per cent) as of 31 December 2020. The economic situation and/or 
increased market competition in Sweden or deteriorating conditions in this sector could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.2.4 
The Group’s activities may be subject to cybercrime attacks. 
Swedbank’s activities continue to be exposed to an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the nature 
of which is continually evolving. Digital developments, together with Swedbank’s size and 
market share, make it a potential target for cybercrime, the cost of which is rising significantly. 
In particular, the Group is the subject of cyber fraud attempts, which are primarily related to the 
Group’s card and internet banking operations. Instances of internet banking fraud largely stem 
from social engineering of our customers and employees, which results in unauthorised 
persons gaining access to customers’ accounts, circumventing technical and logical protection 
mechanisms. Fraud related to card operations mainly results from theft of card information at 
retailers and other points of sale. Swedbank may need to compensate customers for their 
losses unless the customer has been grossly negligent.   
The Group has experienced denial of service attempts against its infrastructure on a reoccurring 
basis, causing minor impacts on availability of services; such attacks may increase in frequency 
or severity. The Group also expects to face increased regulatory requirements going forward 
in relation to cybersecurity, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), 
which entered into force in May 2018, or the EBA’s proposed technical standards on strong 
customer authentication. In 2019, the EBA published new guidelines that provide details on 
how financial institutions should address information and communication technology ("ICT") 
and security risks. See "—The Group’s business is subject to substantial regulation and 
supervision and can be adversely affected by adverse regulatory, taxation and governmental 
developments."

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
The Group may continue to experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its 
systems and services. For instance, an external distributed denial-of-service ("DDos") attack in 
January 2021 on Swedbank’s network caused disturbances in its systems affecting external 
customers, particularly customers of Internetbank and Mobile App in Sweden. Such security 
breaches and unexpected disruptions could in turn result in liability to the Group’s customers 
and third parties and have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, reputation, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
2.2.5 
Risks relating to changes in accounting and reporting standards. 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB"), the EU and other 
regulatory bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the 
preparation of the Group’s financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and 
can materially impact how the Group records and reports its results of operations and financial 
condition, and impact its capital and eligible liability levels. Recently, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IFRS 
17 have all been introduced. Implementation of IFRS 9 resulted mainly in changes in the 
presentation of the Group’s accrued interest and changes in the estimates and assumptions 
related to credit impairment provisions in 2018 compared to 2017. IFRS 16 sets out the 
principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases. These 
amendments were implemented in 2018 and 2019. IFRS 17 establishes principles for 
recognition, presentation, measurement and disclosure of insurance contracts. IFRS 17 was 
issued in May 2017. In June 2020, IASB decided to defer the effective date to 1 January 2023. 
IFRS 17 has not yet been approved by the EU.   
As a consequence of changes in accounting and reporting standards, the Group may need to 
obtain additional capital and eligible liabilities in the future and may not be able to obtain new 
equity capital or debt financing qualifying as regulatory capital or eligible liabilities on attractive 
terms, or at all. The Group may need to sell assets and these sales could be at distressed 
prices, to the extent that a market exists, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
2.2.6 
Substantially all of the Group’s retail mortgage portfolio comprises the cover pool for 
the covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage. 
As of 31 December 2020, substantially all of the Group’s Swedish retail mortgage portfolio was 
in the cover pool of Swedbank’s wholly owned subsidiary, Swedbank Mortgage. The retail 
mortgages issued by Swedbank Mortgage comprise the cover pool and thereby serve as 
security for holders of the covered bonds issued by Swedbank Mortgage and for counterparties 
under derivatives contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to such covered bonds. 
These mortgages do not form part of the general assets of Swedbank that would be available 
to holders of the Notes in the case of insolvency or liquidation of Swedbank. The Group intends 
to cover a significant part of its long term funding requirement through the additional issuance 
of covered bonds, which will be secured by future retail mortgages issued by Swedbank 
Mortgage. The Notes are unsecured obligations of Swedbank, and Holders are structurally 
subordinated to the covered bondholders and hedge counterparties with respect to the covered 
bonds. Holders are not likely to ever have access to the cover pool securing the covered bonds 
issued by Swedbank Mortgage and the related derivatives if Swedbank should become 
insolvent or be liquidated. 
2.2.7 
The Group may be required to reassess assumptions used in the calculation of defined 
benefit pension schemes and to make further contributions to its pension schemes if 
the value of the plan assets is not sufficient to cover potential liabilities.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Nearly all employees hired in the Swedish part of the Group before 2013 are covered by the 
BTP2 defined benefit pension plan, which is a multi-employer occupational pension for Swedish 
banks. The Group is subject to the risk that the liabilities of the Group’s various defined benefit 
pension schemes, which are long-term in nature, will be higher than the liabilities projected 
based on current assumptions. Major assumptions include those pertaining to salary increases, 
mortality, discount rates and inflation. Risk also arises from the plan assets because the value 
of these asset portfolios and the returns from them may be less than expected, especially if 
equity prices, interest rates, counterparty risk (including sovereigns) or inflation are subject to 
significant changes. Actual outcome might also differ from current assumptions. These changes 
or differences, as expressed by an actuarial loss, could be significant and could have a negative 
impact on the Group’s results of operations. 
The Group makes contributions to the pension schemes so that the plan assets cover 
obligations in accordance with Swedish legal requirements. If a deficit arises the Group could 
be obliged to, or may choose to, make additional contributions to the schemes. The rules in IAS 
19 regarding defined benefit pension plans could create volatility in the estimated pension 
liability and thus to Swedbank’s equity through other comprehensive income. 
2.2.8 
Litigation arising from the Group’s business conduct could have an adverse impact on 
its performance and position. 
Entities within the Group could be involved from time to time in legal proceedings or be subject 
to investigations arising from the conduct of their business. The reputational and aggregate 
potential liability in respect thereof cannot be accurately assessed. Any material legal 
proceedings or investigations, or publicity surrounding such legal or regulatory proceedings, 
could adversely impact the Group’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of 
operations. For further details, please see "—Risks Relating to Internal Control and 
Compliance—The Group is exposed to money laundering, terrorist financing and financial 
sanctions risks, and has been and is currently, subject to investigations by certain authorities 
into allegations that the Group may have processed money laundering transactions and may 
have violated OFAC sanctions"] and "Swedbank—Legal Proceedings." 
2.2.9 
In order to successfully compete, the Group depends on the recruitment and retention 
of highly skilled individuals. 
The Group’s performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled 
individuals. The Group’s continued ability to compete effectively in its businesses depends on 
the Group’s ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. 
Competition from within the financial services industry and from businesses outside the 
financial services industry for qualified employees is intense. In addition, current and future 
laws, including laws relating to immigration and outsourcing, and remuneration restrictions 
under CRD, may restrict the Group’s ability to move responsibilities or personnel from one 
jurisdiction to another or to offer competitive compensation to attract new employees and to 
retain and motivate its existing employees. The need for increased cost efficiency could also 
result in lower wage increases in coming years, which may also impact the Group’s ability to 
retain or recruit employees. This may impact the Group’s ability to take advantage of business 
opportunities, potential efficiencies, or profitably manage its existing or new assets. 
Swedbank has recently experienced changes within the Group, including in the composition of 
its Group Executive Committee. On 13 January 2020, Erik Ljungberg was appointed as the new 
Head of Group Communication and Sustainability, taking office on 1 July 2020. On 14 March 
2020, Rolf Marquardt was appointed the new Chief Risk Officer ("CRO"), taking office on 4 
September 2020. On 9 July 2020, Swedbank announced that Charlotte Rydin was recruited as 
the new Chief Legal Officer ("CLO") and Head of Group Legal, taking office in January 2021

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
and Jon Lidefelt (previously acting Head of Baltic Banking) was appointed the new Head of 
Baltic Banking, taking office on 1 August 2020. On 15 January 2021, it was announced that Ola 
Laurin stepped down as the head of LC&I and would leave the Group. Björn Meltzer will serve 
as the acting head of LC&I and the recruitment of a permanent replacement has begun. 
Prolonged changes in management may lead to a decline in employee morale or employee 
engagement and may result in increased employee turnover. Employee competence and 
dedication to customer service impacts the Group's customers’ experience and contributes to 
customer value. Employees have a high workload and the Group requires complex planning of 
resources, with a need to prioritize both business-driven development and regulatory-driven 
development while simultaneously managing day-to-day operations. Increased staff-related 
risks could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
2.2.10 Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets could have a negative effect on the 
Group’s results of operations 
Swedbank performs impairment tests on goodwill and other intangible assets at least once per 
year or whenever there are indications of a decrease in the value of goodwill or other intangible 
assets. The outcome of any impairment test model depends, among other things, on key input 
data on macroeconomic factors and long-term growth assumptions. 
Should economic conditions worsen beyond the Group’s expectations, or should there be a 
change in regulatory conditions affecting the Group’s assets, either in any of the Group’s home 
markets or in general, an impairment charge relating to goodwill and other intangible assets 
may need to be recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business and financial condition results of operations. 
2.3 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Business Activities and Industry 
2.3.1 
Swedish households have high levels of household debt and may be exposed to a risk 
of a decrease in housing prices. Regulatory responses to these concerns also pose risks 
for the Group. 
A significant portion of the Group’s profits are generated by Swedbank Mortgage. Swedbank 
Mortgage’s credit risks arise primarily in its lending to the public, consisting of private 
individuals, tenant-owner associations and the agriculture and forestry and property 
management sectors. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 80 per cent of Swedbank 
Mortgage’s credit portfolio consists of lending to private individuals and is secured by single-
family homes and tenant-owned apartments. 15 per cent consists of lending to residential and 
commercial real estate properties (mainly owned by tenant-owner associations and property 
management companies). 
In recent years in Sweden, low interest rates (with real interest rates on mortgages in Sweden 
decreasing from 8.5 per cent to 1.4 per cent between 1995 and 2020), historically low inflation, 
higher housing prices and increased disposable household income have led to continued strong 
growth in demand for loans, especially in the residential mortgage market. Demand for housing 
has increased rapidly in Sweden, partly as a result of rapid growth in the population over the 
past decade due to increases in immigration. Rapid urbanisation in Sweden has also 
contributed to an increase in demand for housing in metropolitan areas and other growth 
regions. As of 31 December 2020, housing prices have more than tripled since 2000. In 2020, 
housing prices continued to increase after a temporary decline in 2017. In annual terms, 
housing prices increased by 11.5 per cent in December 2020, supported primarily by low 
interest rates, lack of housing and a solid labour market.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
In addition to these trends, a significant risk facing the Swedish economy is the level of 
household debt, which has reached historically high levels, with Sweden’s estimated household 
debt-to-disposable income ratio at 185 per cent as of the beginning of 2021, according to the 
Swedish Central Bank’s December 2020 forecast. A shortage of housing, low interest rates and 
higher house prices have led to a rapid increase in the volume of home lending. As of 2019, 
39.8 per cent of the household total mortgage stock in Sweden had a floating interest rate (with 
adjustments more frequently than annually), which means households were sensitive to 
increases in interest rates. A large number of Swedish households therefore may be exposed 
to the risk of a decrease in housing prices. If interest rates increase, Swedish households may 
no longer be able to afford their mortgage payments or new households may be deterred from 
entering the mortgage market, which could in turn decrease housing prices. If housing prices 
decrease, households may owe more on their houses than their property is worth, which may 
increase default rates among Swedish borrowers. As the Group, through Swedbank Mortgage, 
is one of Sweden’s leading mortgage lenders with a market share of 23 per cent as of 31 
December 20201, any increase in default rates whether due to a decrease in housing prices or 
otherwise could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
Additionally, due to the historically high household indebtedness levels, significant decreases 
in housing prices, or increases in interest rates may cause a significant decrease in household 
incomes, net assets and/or wealth and consumption, which would in turn have an effect on the 
broader economy.  
Successive Swedish governments have implemented policies to attempt to mitigate these risks 
and secure financial stability. However, such measures may be inadequate or have 
unpredictable consequences. The Central Bank of Sweden has expressed concern about the 
housing market and the increase in household lending and has asked for additional macro 
prudential tools, such as decreased interest deduction, debt ratio of disposable income and 
lower mortgage share with flexible interest rates. While discussions about reductions in interest 
deductibility have intensified, political consensus on this matter has not been reached. If such 
macro prudential tools are implemented and prove to be too stringent, this could have a 
negative impact both on Swedish growth and on the real estate market. 
2.3.2 
The Group's business is sensitive to changes in interest rates and to changes in the 
competitive environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits.  
The Group is subject to risks typical of banking activities, including interest rate fluctuations. 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Group’s lending and 
deposit spreads. The Group is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates 
payable by it on deposits or its wholesale funding costs, and the interest rates that it charges 
on loans to customers and other banks. While both the interest rates payable by the Group on 
deposits, as well as the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers and credit 
institutions, are in each case mainly floating rates or swapped into floating rates, there is a risk 
that the Group will not be able to re-price its floating rate assets and liabilities at the same time, 
giving rise to re-pricing gaps in the short or medium term. With the current low (and in some 
cases negative) interest rate environment the Group may not be able to lower its funding costs, 
whether relating to deposits or wholesale funding, in line with decreases in interest rates on its 
interest-bearing assets. Due to regulations, the Group is also required to maintain a liquidity 
buffer, mainly consisting of central bank assets, that is also sensitive to changes in interest 
rates. 
                                                     
1  
Statistics Sweden (Sw: Statistiska Centralbyrån, SCB), 2021-01-31, www.scb.se.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors over which the Group has no control, including 
fiscal and monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and 
international political conditions. An increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for 
credit, as well as contribute to an increase in defaults by the Group’s customers. Conversely, a 
reduction in interest rates could adversely affect the Group through, among other things, a 
decrease in demand for deposits and an increase in competition in deposit-taking and lending 
to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or volatility in interest rates could 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of 
the Group. It is difficult to predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate 
the effects that such changes could have on the Group’s financial performance and results of 
operations. The Group does not hedge all its risk exposure and cannot assure that its hedging 
strategies will be proven effective. The Group may find it challenging to adjust the interest rate 
payable on deposits in line with the changes in market interest rates receivable by it on loans, 
or if the Group’s monitoring procedures are unable to manage adequately the interest rate risk, 
its interest income could rise less or decline more than its interest expense, in which case the 
Group’s results of operations and financial condition or prospects could be negatively affected. 
2.3.3 
The Group is exposed to systemic risk and its business, profitability and liquidity may 
be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults by, entities who 
owe the Group money, securities or other assets or whose securities or obligations the 
Group holds. 
Given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the Group is, and will 
continue to be, subject to the risk of deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness, 
or perceived soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial services industry, 
concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, 
losses or defaults by other institutions, because the commercial and financial soundness of 
many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of their credit, trading, clearing 
or other relationships. 
The Group is exposed to the risk that entities owing the Group money, securities or other assets 
will not perform their obligations. These entities may default on their obligations to the Group 
due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. The Group is also 
subject to the risk that its rights against these entities may not be enforceable in all 
circumstances. For example, different methods of holding collateral in different countries can 
affect the Group’s exposures as well as the value of the collateral to the Group. In addition, 
deterioration in the credit quality of securities or obligations held by the Group could result in 
losses and/or adversely affect its ability to transfer or realise value from those securities or 
obligations in the event of liquidation. A significant downgrade in the credit ratings of the 
Group’s counterparties could also have a negative impact on the Group’s results. While in many 
cases the Group is permitted to require additional collateral from counterparties that experience 
financial difficulty or when collateral value decreases, disputes may arise as to the amount of 
collateral the Group is entitled to receive and the value of the counterparty’s pledged assets. 
The termination of contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject the Group to claims 
asserting improper exercise of contractual rights. Bankruptcies, downgrades and disputes with 
counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase in times of market stress and 
illiquidity. Rapid changes in prices on the financial markets may cause the Group’s exposure to 
such counterparties to increase, and in some of those cases the actual value of the Group’s 
collateral is lower than it was when the agreement was entered into. The Group may not be 
able to retain the value of its collateral due to legal concerns and to the ability of the Group to 
manage real estate property and other assets.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty could lead 
to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Group or by other institutions. 
This risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk" and could adversely affect financial 
intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and 
exchanges with whom certain of the Group’s subsidiaries interact on a daily basis. Systemic 
risk could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s ability to raise new funding and on its 
business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
2.3.4 
Market fluctuations and volatility may adversely affect the value of the Group’s 
positions, reduce its business activities and make it more difficult to assess the fair 
value of certain of its assets. 
In the event of dislocation of financial markets, the fair value of certain of the Group’s assets 
may decline significantly, causing the Group to record mark-to-market losses. The fair value 
may also fluctuate over short periods of time. In addition, these market conditions may affect 
the availability of observable market data. As a result, the Group’s estimates of fair value may 
differ materially both from similar estimates made by other financial institutions and from the 
values that would have been used if a market for these assets had been readily available.  
The fair value of interest bearing securities trading in active markets is ordinarily based on 
market prices (mark-to-market). However, where quoted prices on instruments are not readily 
and regularly available, as was the case in particular during autumn 2008, due in part to the 
dislocation of the global financial markets, fair value is estimated using internal valuation 
models (mark-to-model). These models are generally based on observable market data, 
meaning the prices of financial instruments that are as similar in nature as possible to the 
instrument being valued and for which quotes are available in the market. These values are 
then adjusted to best reflect the value of the Group’s securities. 
Market fluctuations, particularly fluctuations in the equity market, also influence the value of 
assets in funds managed by the Group’s asset management business and have a direct impact 
on the income volatility of the asset management activities. 
The Group’s level of fees and returns from its equity investments in its insurance subsidiaries 
are impacted by any decrease in the value of their investment portfolios, poor investment 
returns and the requirement to maintain assets sufficient to cover mandatory provisions for 
insurance claims. 
2.3.5 
The Group operates in competitive markets and further increased competition may have 
an adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to significant competition in the markets in which it operates. Competition 
may increase in some or all of the Group’s markets as a result of legislative, regulatory, 
technological or other factors. Increased competition or a decline in customer satisfaction could 
cause the Group to lose business or compel it to price products and services on less 
advantageous terms, or otherwise have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. Competition in the Swedish mortgage market, one of the 
Group’s core areas, has increased in recent years and has had and may continue to have a 
negative effect on the Group’s margins in the future. Digitisation continues at a brisk pace and 
customers are increasingly banking through digital channels rather than visiting a branch, which 
is placing higher demands on the stability of IT systems and on the banking sector to adapt 
products and distribution channels. In addition, increased competitor participation in the 
financial sector generally in the Group’s principal markets may have an impact on the 
competitive landscape in such markets and on the way in which banks in those markets conduct 
their operations. At present, it is difficult to predict what the effects of this increased competitor

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
participation will be or how it will differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, should it materialise. 
However, the Group expects that in order to remain competitive, it will need to continuously 
improve customer offerings and cost efficiency to produce increased customer value. The 
Group may experience stronger competition and greater pressure on profit margins. These and 
other changes in the competitive landscape could adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, markets and/or prospects. 
2.3.6 
Actions or inactions of savings banks which are parties to co-operation agreements with 
the Group may have a negative impact on the Group. 
In the normal course of business, the Group enters into various commercial agreements with 
companies related to the banking industry. The Swedish part of the Group has co-operation 
agreements with Swedish savings banks, pursuant to which the co-operating banks market and 
distribute a range of the Group’s products and services through their own local branch 
networks. If the reputation or financial condition of one or more of the co-operating banks, 
through action or inaction, were to be adversely affected while operating under the Group’s 
trademark, the Group’s reputation could also be adversely affected regardless of whether the 
Group contributed to the action or inaction causing such reputational or financial injury, which 
in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
2.4 
Risks Relating to Internal Control and Compliance 
2.4.1 
The Group is exposed to money laundering, terrorist financing and financial sanctions 
risks, and has been and is currently, subject to investigations by certain authorities into 
allegations that the Group may have processed money laundering transactions and may 
have violated OFAC sanctions. 
The Group is subject to anti-money laundering, terrorist financing and sanctions laws and 
regulations. These laws and regulations are continually evolving, and compliance by the Group 
may be time consuming and require the Group to incur significant costs. In particular, in recent 
years, regulators and other authorities have steadily increased their demands and expectations 
regarding financial institutions’ ability to counter money laundering and terrorist financing.  
Violations of anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including in connection with the 
allegations and investigations discussed below, may have significant financial, legal and 
reputational consequences for the Group and may, as a result, have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group has been, and is in certain cases currently, under investigation by the SFSA, the 
EFSA, the Estonian state prosecutor’s office and U.S. authorities due to allegations that 
customers who may have been involved in money laundering transferred significant sums of 
money through the Group's Baltic subsidiaries. 
On 19 March 2020, the SFSA concluded that, during the period 2015 to the first quarter of 2019, 
Swedbank had large deficiencies in its governance of anti-money laundering measures in its 
Baltic subsidiaries. The SFSA also found that Swedbank had deficiencies in its Swedish 
Banking operations, and therefore has not met anti-money laundering requirements in its 
Swedish operations and that it did not sufficiently address the risk of money laundering in the 
Baltics. In addition, the SFSA noted that in their opinion, in some instances, Swedbank withheld 
documentation and information and, in one case, in March 2019, that Swedbank also provided 
the SFSA with false information. The SFSA issued a warning to Swedbank and imposed an 
administrative fine of SEK 4 billion, which Swedbank charged as an expense in the first quarter 
of 2020, for both the investigation regarding Swedish Banking anti-money laundering and

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
counter-terrorist financing processes, initiated in 2018 and the investigation regarding 
Swedbank’s internal control and governance of anti-money laundering measures in the Baltic 
operations, initiated in 2019.  
On the same day, the EFSA concluded that the Estonian subsidiary had severe deficiencies in 
its anti-money laundering risk control systems and the bank failed to meet its anti-money 
laundering requirements. The EFSA issued a precept requiring the Estonian subsidiary to take 
comprehensive measures to properly understand and mitigate past and current risks, in 
addition it must review and amend its organizational framework to more effectively manage 
risks. On 19 November 2020, Swedbank AS submitted a final report describing the actions 
taken to comply with the EFSA precept. On 28 January 2021, the EFSA determined that the 
activities of Swedbank AS and the evidence presented in the final report were adequate and 
that the matter did not require additional remarks. The EFSA is expected to follow up with 
implementation activities as part of its regular supervisory inspections. 
The issue of whether money laundering or other criminal acts took place in the Group is 
currently being investigated by the Estonian Prosecutor’s Office. If the Estonian Prosecutor’s 
Office finds evidence of money laundering or other criminal acts, it could charge individuals or 
Swedbank's Estonian subsidiary with criminal liability, which could include imprisonment for 
convicted individuals or a fine of up to EUR 16 million per conviction, though Swedbank does 
not have any information as to whether the Estonian subsidiary will be treated as a suspect in 
this case. Any additional fines or sanctions imposed on the Group could have an adverse 
impact on the Group’s business operations or reputation.  
In addition to the investigations regarding anti-money laundering controls, U.S. authorities are 
also investigating whether any crimes or fraud were committed in connection with Swedbank’s 
disclosure of information regarding anti-money laundering issues. The Group does not currently 
know when the investigations may be concluded, or whether any sanctions or penalties may 
be imposed.   
In addition, on 11 March 2020, Swedbank notified the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets 
Control ("OFAC") of 586 (which figure was corrected to 540 in December 2020) transactions 
by the Baltic subsidiaries, amounting to approximately USD 4.8 million (which figure was 
corrected to USD 4.5 million in December 2020), that constitute potential sanctions violations 
(based on the OFAC country-based sanctions list). OFAC penalties generally can include 
significant fines (USD 250,000 or twice the amount of each underlying transaction up to USD 
1,075,000 per violation) and potential jail time for culpable individuals.  
In addition, on 18 September 2020, Swedbank received notification from the SFSA that it was 
investigating Swedbank for suspected historical breaches of the regulation on market abuse 
("MAR"). The investigation encompasses the period from 20 September 2018 to 20 February 
2019 and pertains to disclosure of inside information and the obligation to establish an insider 
list (Articles 17 and 18) in connection with the disclosure of suspected money laundering within 
Swedbank. 
There can be no assurance that other authorities will not take similar actions against the Group, 
including the imposition of fines which may be significant and have an adverse effect on the 
Group's financial condition and results of operations. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Swedbank is not aware of when the investigations by other authorities may be concluded, or 
whether any additional sanctions or penalties may be imposed. For further details, please see 
"Swedbank—Legal Proceedings."    
The 
Group’s 
independent 
auditor, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
AB 
("PwC"), 
audited 
administration of the Board of Directors and the Managing Directors for the financial year 2019.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
PwC recommended that the shareholders not discharge the former CEO from liability based on 
the fact that the outcome of the various investigations is uncertain. As the Group may be subject 
to corporate fines or significant sanctions, PwC could not exclude the potential harm derived 
from the former CEO’s actions. The Board of Directors of Swedbank has decided not to file 
claims for damages against its former Chairs and CEO for the time they were employed in the 
fiscal year 2019. However, the Board did decide in 2020 to cancel the severance agreement 
with the former CEO. For further details, please see "Swedbank—Legal Proceedings." 
In February 2019, the Group hired an external law firm, Clifford Chance LLP, to lead an internal 
investigation to identify historical deficiencies in Swedbank’s anti-money laundering systems 
and controls from January 2007 through March 2019 and an assessment of potential non-
compliance by Swedbank's Baltic subsidiaries or their customers with OFAC sanctions 
regulations. On 23 March 2020, the Group announced the findings of the investigation, which 
have been published in a detailed report by Clifford Chance LLP on the investigation and its 
principal findings, and are summarized under "Swedbank—Legal Proceedings—Clifford 
Chance Investigation." In respect to the investigation of the Group’s anti-money laundering 
systems and controls, Clifford Chance LLP concluded that the Group, throughout the period 
from January 2007 to March 2019 and to varying degrees across LC&I, Swedish Banking and 
Baltic Banking, had inadequate systems and controls to ensure proper management of anti-
money laundering and economic sanctions risks from its customer base, thus exposing 
Swedbank and its Baltic subsidiaries to significant anti-money laundering and sanctions risk. 
The risk was most prevalent in the Baltic subsidiaries, primarily in Estonia from its high risk non-
resident ("HRNR") business. The investigation also found that Swedbank’s senior management 
historically failed to establish clear lines of anti-money laundering responsibilities, particularly 
as between the business and the Group’s compliance function.  
There can be no assurance that its Group-wide anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist 
financing and sanctions compliance policies and procedures will effectively prevent instances 
of money laundering or terrorism financing or breaches of applicable sanctions. Violations of 
anti-money laundering or counter terrorist financing or sanction rules, including in connection 
with the allegations and investigations discussed above, may have severe financial, legal and 
reputational consequences for the Group. The Group has experienced a decline in customer 
satisfaction and trust in relation to reputational harm related to these investigations. If the Group 
is unable to successfully combat this, it may, as a result, have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
2.4.2 
The Group’s guidelines and policies for risk management may prove to be inadequate 
with respect to unidentified and unforeseen risks. 
The management of business, regulatory and legal risks requires guidelines and policies for 
the accurate registration and control of a large number of transactions and events. Such 
guidelines and policies may not always be adequate. Some methods used by the Group to 
estimate, measure and manage risk are based on historical market behaviour. The methods 
may prove to be inadequate for predicting future risk exposure, which may differ from what is 
suggested by prior experience. Other methods for risk management are based on evaluation 
of information regarding markets, customers or other information that is publicly known or 
otherwise available to the Group. Such information has not always been, and may not always 
be, correct, updated or correctly evaluated and may be inadequate for the purpose of risk 
management. If any gaps in risk management exist, the Group may make decisions based on 
faulty information, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
2.4.3 
Conflicts of interest, whether actual or perceived, and non-compliance or fraudulent acts 
may negatively impact the Group.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
As the Group expands the scope of its businesses and its client base, the Group increasingly 
is required to implement policies on corporate governance on a Group-wide level and address 
potential conflicts of interest and compliance with applicable laws. The Group is also subject to 
the potential risk of employee fraud. 
The Group’s reputation could be damaged and there may be a reluctance on the part of clients 
to enter into transactions where there is the possibility of a conflict of interest, or if the Group is 
seen as failing to identify, or deal appropriately with, conflicts of interest or employee fraud.  
There is no assurance that the framework the Group has regarding conflicts of interest will 
prevent all instances of actual or perceived conflicts of interest. Any actual or perceived conflict 
of interest or fraud, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation and may, 
as a result, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations. 
2.5 
Risks Relating to Macro-economic and Political Events 
2.5.1 
The Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely 
affected by uncertainties about the strength of the Eurozone and other geopolitical risks. 
EU member states and public finances in Europe face many challenges, including those related 
to demographic and political trends.  The UK withdrew from the EU ("Brexit") on 31 January 
2020 and announced on 24 December 2020 that they had reached agreement on a draft EU-
UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement ("TCA") covering trade in goods and in services, digital 
trade, intellectual property, public procurement, aviation and road transport, energy, fisheries, 
social security coordination, law enforcement and judicial cooperation in criminal matters, 
thematic cooperation and participation in EU programmes. However, the TCA does not cover 
financial services, other than through a general undertaking to ensure the implementation and 
application of internationally agreed standards in the financial services sector for regulation and 
supervision, leaving the decisions of "equivalence" and "adequacy" to be determined by each 
side unilaterally in due course. The UK Parliament ratified the UK’s entry into, and 
implementation of, the TCA on 30 December 2020 pursuant to the EU (Future Relationship) 
Act 2020. More broadly, the impact of Brexit on the economic outlook of the Eurozone and the 
UK, and associated global implications, remain uncertain, particularly in relation to the financial 
services sector. These developments may contribute to the loosening of the political ties within 
the EU and could negatively impact the European economy and increase volatility in the 
financial markets, which could impact political cooperation within the EU. Growing populism 
and rising criticism against the EU contributed to the sense that geopolitical risks in Europe 
remain an area of focus during 2021. 
Other geopolitical events, such as deteriorating trade relations, could result in volatility in oil 
prices and in turn negatively impact the global economy. In turn, sluggish global growth and 
declining world trade could have a dampening impact on Swedish export industries. For 
example, credit impairments increased in 2020, mainly due to increased provisions driven by 
the deteriorating macroeconomic outlook.  
As a result of the various global macroeconomic trends, such as uneven growth, the Group 
may experience reductions in business activity, increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, 
decreased access to the wholesale funding markets, decreased asset values, additional credit 
impairment losses and lower profitability and revenues, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
2.5.2 
The global coronavirus pandemic has led to significant volatility in financial, 
commodities and other markets and could harm the business and results of operations 
of the Group. 
An outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus ("COVID-19"), which first emerged in China in late 
December 2019, has since spread to other parts of the world, including Sweden and other 
markets. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 to be a pandemic. 
Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the circumstances, it is difficult to predict the impact 
of the coronavirus pandemic on the Group’s business. The impact to date has included a sharp 
decline in consumption and travel and disruption in global supply chains, which in combination 
with general uncertainty regarding the evolution and resolution of the pandemic, has resulted 
in significant volatility in financial, commodities and other markets and substantial harm to the 
global economy.  
In addition, measures by various governments to reduce the spread of COVID-19 have led to 
a sharp decline in economic activity, resulting in the closure of a number of companies and 
rising unemployment. According to the International Monetary Fund ("IMF") World Economic 
Outlook (January 2021), global GDP is expected to have decreased by 3.5 per cent. for 2020 
as a result of the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19, which is 6.8 
percentage points lower than pre-COVID-19 projections from January 2020. The forecast was 
revised upward compared to the IMF forecasts from June and October, when the global growth 
for 2020 was expected to decline by 4.9 per cent and 4.4 per cent, respectively. The pandemic 
significantly reduced economic growth in 2020. In Sweden, the pandemic, as well as restrictions 
imposed by government authorities, had the largest impact on GDP in the second quarter, 
resulting in an 8 per cent contraction compared to the first quarter. In the third quarter, GDP 
rebounded strongly by 5.0 per cent compared with the previous quarter, driven by expansive 
fiscal and monetary policy and a recovery in global growth, as economies around the world 
began to scale back restrictions and open borders. Overall in 2020, Swedish GDP is estimated 
to have decreased by 3.0 per cent in annual terms, and is expected to grow by 3.2 per cent in 
2021, according to the Swedbank Economic Outlook from January 2021. While the Baltics have 
also been impacted by the pandemic, the economic impact there has been less severe than in 
the rest of the Eurozone. In Latvia and Estonia, GDP contracted on average by 4.5 per cent 
and 3.2 per cent, respectively, during the first three quarters in 2020 compared to the previous 
year. In Lithuania GDP decreased by 0.8 per cent during the same period.  
The COVID-19 outbreak could become more severe and result in a more widespread health 
crisis, which, in combination with the financial consequences for corporations and individuals 
due to the various pandemic containment measures undertaken by governments, including 
lockdowns, may in turn result in protracted volatility in international markets and/or result in a 
deeper and extended global recession as a consequence of disruptions to nearly all economic 
sectors. This volatility, if it continues, or the global contraction in economic activity could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s customers and on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The measures Swedbank has taken to support its customers affected by the COVID-19 
pandemic, such as allowing amortisation deferrals for private and corporate customers, could 
have a significant effect on the Group’s cash flows and liquidity. If business clients (particularly 
the Group’s corporate customers in the retail, tourism and service industries, as well as oil-
related sectors) or homeowners are unable to repay their loans due to the effects of the 
pandemic, this could increase default rates and result in increased credit impairments.  
The financial strains caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have been and are expected to 
continue to be extensive in the Group’s home markets, and deteriorating macroeconomic

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
conditions have led to an increase, and will likely lead to further increases, in the Group’s credit 
impairments. The situation caused by COVID-19 is unique and difficult to assess.  
In 2020, Swedbank’s credit impairments amounted to SEK 4,334 million (SEK 1,469 million in 
2019). Swedbank updated the forward-looking scenarios for its various credit portfolios in the 
first two quarters of 2020, but because macroeconomic forecasts now assume a more positive 
scenario, the relevant provisions have been reduced. The deterioration of macroeconomic 
indicators that typically contribute to credit risk and losses – such as GDP growth, housing and 
property prices, unemployment, oil prices and interest rates – has not yet resulted in a similar 
increase in credit losses or default rates which has historically been observed in similar 
economic shocks. Government and regulatory support measures and guidance on the 
treatment of customer impacts (for example, forbearance and payment moratoria) have 
significantly suppressed the impacts of COVID-19 in the short-term and there is a risk that credit 
quality may start to deteriorate as such measures are phased out in future periods. Quantitative 
risk models do not capture these complexities, nor do they capture the continued uncertainty 
around further COVID-19 outbreaks, which increased in frequency during the fourth quarter of 
2020 and could further delay the overall economic recovery. Consequently, as the relevant 
models may not appropriately incorporate these dynamics, post-model adjustments to the credit 
impairment provisions were, and may in the future be, deemed necessary. The post-model 
expert credit adjustment that was recognised in the third quarter of 2020 was reviewed and 
retained but reallocated to more significantly affected industry segments. Total post-model 
expert adjustments in 2020 amounted to SEK 1,533 million. 
The COVID-19 pandemic, combined with worsening labour market conditions, was expected 
to have an adverse effect on the Swedish housing market and housing prices. However, as 
reported in the Valueguard-KTH Housing Index Sweden, while housing prices fell slightly in 
April, they increased throughout the rest of the year, mainly for single-family homes, supported 
by lower interest rates and increased demand for larger living space due to the prevalence of 
remote working arrangements. In December 2020, housing prices were 10 per cent higher than 
in December 2019. The commercial real estate market was initially negatively affected by 
COVID-19 due to concerns about the financial markets, but recovered by the end of 2020. 
Economic contraction is expected to slow growth in rental levels and property values, 
depending on location and type of property. Property owners who are dependent on tenants in 
the retail, hotel, restaurant and leisure sectors risk lower rental income due to renegotiations 
and bankruptcies. Depending on the length and depth of the expected recession, other parts of 
the real estate sector could be affected as well, all of which could adversely affect borrowers’ 
ability to repay their loans. In addition, changed work patterns, such as increased remote work, 
may affect the real estate market. 
The extent of the impacts resulting from COVID-19 and other events beyond the Group’s control 
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, 
including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 
pandemic and actions taken to contain COVID-19 or its impact, among others. Any of these 
factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The spread of COVID-19 has led the Group to modify its business practices, including the 
imposition of restrictions on employee travel and changes to working locations. The Group has 
also increased its efforts to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on its customers, 
which has led to rising costs.  
The Group may take further actions required by authorities or that it determines are in the best 
interests of its employees, customers, partners or suppliers. There is no certainty that such 
measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by COVID-19, and the implementation of

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
such measures (or their insufficiency) could harm the Group’s ability to perform critical 
functions. The unavailability of staff could adversely impact the quality and continuity of service 
to customers and the reputation of the Group. Any of these factors could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations in addition 
to those described above.  
2.5.3 
Worsening economic conditions in the Group’s home markets may adversely impact the 
Group.  
The Group’s performance is significantly influenced by the general economic conditions in the 
countries in which it operates, in particular its home markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and 
Lithuania, and, to a lesser degree, Norway. Economic volatility in the Group’s home markets 
have varied in the past, and this has had a material impact on the Group’s financial business 
condition and results of operations, such as when the Baltics entered recession in 2009 or the 
current impact of COVID-19.  
Future volatility or downturn in the economies of Group’s home markets could result in 
increased default rates in the Group and/or decreased lending activity which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s financial business condition and results of operations. 
2.5.4 
The Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations have been and may 
continue to be adversely affected by fluctuations in the global financial markets. 
The global capital and credit markets have been characterised by volatility and disruption in 
recent years. As seen during and after the financial crisis in 2008, this resulted in liquidity 
constraints and other problems at many of the world’s largest commercial banks, investment 
banks and insurance companies, a number of which are the Group’s counterparties or 
customers in the ordinary course of its business. These conditions also resulted in a material 
reduction in the availability of financing, both for the Group as well as other financial institutions 
and their customers. If similar events occur, which have similar effects on financial markets, the 
Group may experience reductions in business activity, increased funding costs, decreased 
liquidity, decreased asset values, additional credit impairment losses and lower profitability and 
revenues. In addition, the Group may be adversely affected by the effects of the recent COVID-
19 outbreak, particularly a slowing in global economic activity and significant volatility in 
financial markets. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.5.5 
The Group’s business is subject to substantial regulation and supervision and can be 
adversely affected by adverse regulatory, taxation and governmental developments. 
The Group conducts its businesses subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory 
risks, including the effects of changes in the laws, regulations, policies, voluntary codes of 
practice and interpretations in Sweden and the other countries in which the Group operates. 
This is particularly the case in the current market environment, which is experiencing increased 
levels of government and regulatory intervention in the financial sector, which the Group 
expects to continue for the foreseeable future. Swedbank is subject to supervision by the SFSA 
and to Swedish regulations regarding, among other things, capital adequacy, liquidity and 
solvency (see "Certain Regulatory Considerations"). Certain of the Group’s subsidiaries and 
operations are subject to supervision of other local supervisory authorities. In Sweden and 
elsewhere, there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of financial and mortgage 
institutions. Increased regulatory intervention may lead to requests from regulators to carry out 
wide ranging reviews of past sales and/or sales practices.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
The Group’s activities are also subject to tax at various rates in the jurisdictions in which it 
operates, computed in accordance with local legislation and practice. Revisions to tax 
legislation, such as a proposal by the Swedish government relating to increased taxes on banks 
or to such legislation’s interpretation may have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial 
condition. Future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies are unpredictable and beyond 
the control of the Group and could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. For example, in late 2020, the Swedish government 
proposed a "risk tax" for credit institutions applicable from 1 January 2022 (6 basis points during 
2022 and 7 basis points thereafter). Institutions subject to the risk tax include credit institutions 
with total liabilities exceeding SEK 150 billion in domestic activities. The expected tax revenue 
for the Swedish state is SEK 6 billion per year (and SEK 5 billion in 2022) and would in practice, 
if implemented, be split among the major Swedish banks. The final proposal for the law is 
expected to be published in June 2021; however, it is uncertain whether the proposal will be 
implemented and, if so, whether it will match the current proposal or be adjusted. 
The Group’s operations are contingent upon licenses issued by financial authorities in the 
countries in which the Group operates. Violations of rules and regulations, whether intentional 
or unintentional, may lead to the withdrawal of some of the Group’s licenses. Furthermore, any 
breach of these or other regulations may adversely affect the Group’s reputation, business, 
results of operations or financial condition. 
Other regulations that have been implemented recently, including the GDPR, has resulted in 
new demands on operational processes, systems and resources. The Group is unable to 
predict what regulatory changes may be imposed in the future as a result of regulatory initiatives 
in the EU and elsewhere or by the SFSA and other supervisory authorities. If the Group is 
required to make additional provisions or to increase its reserves as a result of potential 
regulatory changes, this could adversely affect the results of operations of the Group. In 
addition, failure by the Group to comply with regulatory requirements could result in significant 
penalties. 
2.5.6 
The full scope and consequences of new derivatives and other financial regulations are 
as yet unknown and may impose additional regulatory burdens and costs that may affect 
the value of the Notes. 
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation 648/2012 ("EMIR") entered into force in all EU 
member states, including Sweden, on 16 August 2012. EMIR aims to increase stability and 
transparency in European OTC derivatives markets and includes measures to require the 
clearing of certain OTC derivatives contracts through central clearing counterparties, reporting 
of derivatives and risk mitigation techniques (including margin requirements) for uncleared OTC 
derivative contracts. A number of EMIR implementing measures have already been adopted 
and EMIR was amended in 2019 by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/834 (the "EMIR Refit") but there 
may be further changes introduced by way of further implementing measures (such as a 
requirement to clear further classes of OTC derivative contracts) and also EMIR itself is 
scheduled to be further updated. Prospective investors should be aware that the regulatory 
changes arising from EMIR and its update could significantly increase the cost for Swedbank 
of entering into or taking any other action in relation to derivative contracts and may adversely 
affect the value and return on the Notes. 
In the United States, passage of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act of 2010 (the "Dodd Frank Act") has led to significant regulatory reforms affecting the 
financial services industry, including non U.S. banks. Among other things, the Dodd Frank Act 
addresses systemic risk oversight, bank capital standards, the orderly liquidation of failing 
systemically important financial institutions, over the counter ("OTC") derivatives, increases 
oversight of credit rating agencies and regulates the ability of banking entities to engage as

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
principal in proprietary trading activities and sponsor and invest in certain private funds (the 
"Volcker Rule"). The Dodd Frank Act and other post financial crisis regulatory reforms in the 
United States have increased costs, imposed limitations on activities, and resulted in an 
increased intensity in regulatory enforcement. In addition, Title VII of the Dodd Frank Act ("Title 
VII"), as well as other post financial crisis regulatory reforms in the U.S., have increased costs, 
imposed limitations on activities and resulted in an increased intensity in regulatory 
enforcement. Title VII established a comprehensive U.S. regulatory regime for derivatives, 
contracts, including swaps, security based swaps and mixed swaps. As these requirements 
have been implemented and continue to go into effect, it is clear that these new regulations 
could adversely affect the value, availability and performance of certain derivatives instruments 
and may result in additional costs and restrictions with respect to the use of those instruments. 
Swedbank’s use of derivative instruments may be subject to the clearing, capital, margin, 
business conduct, reporting and/or recordkeeping requirements of Title VII or other related 
regulatory reforms, that may result in additional regulatory burdens and related costs and 
expenses. 
2.5.7 
Governmental responses to market disruptions may be inadequate and may have 
unintended consequences. 
The Group has no control over governmental policy changes or over changes in the 
interpretation of fiscal legislation by any tax authority. Measures taken by various European 
governments to stimulate the economy and support the banking system in the event of another 
economic downturn may lead to an increase in its tax burden or to a reduction in tax benefits. 
Significant changes in governmental policy responses in Sweden or in the other countries 
where the Group operates, or difficulties in implementing such responses or with the type and 
effectiveness of the impact of such responses, could have an adverse impact on the activity, 
financial situation and operating results of the Group. The Group may have to enter into future 
contractual arrangements by operation of law or necessity under which the Swedish 
government may have the right to take possession over the Group or part of it or its assets. In 
such instance of government takeover, the value of the Group or its assets could be considered 
to be limited and the Group may not receive adequate compensation, which could therefore 
significantly reduce its assets. 
The Group may be adversely affected by governmental responses to market disruptions in the 
countries in which it operates. As a result of the financial crisis in 2008 and subsequent 
government intervention, there has been and is expected to continue to be a substantial 
increase in governmental policy responses to market disruptions, including changes in 
monetary and interest rate policies. The zero or negative interest rate policy implemented by 
central banks, which may be prolonged due to the current pandemic-related economic volatility, 
may have a negative impact on the Group’s net interest income. Additional governmental policy 
responses to prevent future crises may have both intended and unintended consequences for 
the Group. Recent examples of such measures include the introduction by the SFSA of 
amortisation requirements for borrowers of new mortgage loans in 2016 and 2018 and the risk 
weight floor for commercial real estate exposures in 2020. In addition, prudential regulations 
such as increased capital and liquidity requirements as discussed in "Certain Regulatory 
Considerations" may impact the Group’s profitability. 
2.6 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
2.6.1 
Risks Relating to the Market 
2.6.1.1 The Secondary Market Generally

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop 
(for example, the Notes may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market for the Notes 
does develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale 
of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that 
are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency and market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes would generally have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
2.6.1.2 Lack of Liquidity in the Secondary Market May Adversely Affect the Market Value of the Notes 
Generally weak global credit market conditions could contribute to a lack of liquidity in the 
secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. In addition, the recent liquidity crisis has 
limited the primary market for a number of financial products, including instruments similar to 
the Notes. While some measures have been taken by governments, there can be no assurance 
that the market for securities similar to the Notes will recover, either at all or at the same time 
or to the same degree as any other recovering global credit market sectors. 
A failure of the market for securities similar to the Notes to recover from these conditions could 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
2.6.1.3 Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
2.6.1.4 Interest Rate Risks 
Interest rate risk occurs when the interest rate payable on assets and liabilities for a fixed period 
do not coincide. Investments in Notes with fixed interest involve a risk that subsequent changes 
in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of fixed interest Notes. Investments in 
Notes with floating interest involve a risk of adverse changes in the interest rate payable on 
such Notes. 
2.6.1.5 Credit ratings may not reflect all risks.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
The Notes are expected to be assigned the following ratings: A+ (Senior Preferred Notes with 
a maturity of more than one year) BBB+ (Subordinated Notes) and A-1 (Senior Preferred Notes 
with a maturity of less than one year) by Standard & Poor’s; Aa3 (Senior Preferred Notes), 
Baa2 (Subordinated Notes) and P-1 (short term) by Moody’s; and AA- (Senior Preferred Notes 
with a maturity of more than one year), A- (Subordinated Notes) and F1+ (Senior Preferred 
Notes with a maturity of less than one year) by Fitch. There is no guarantee that such ratings 
will be assigned or maintained or that such credit ratings reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to an investment in the relevant Notes. Rating agencies may change their rating 
methodologies, which could lead to a change in the credit ratings assigned to the relevant 
Notes. Accordingly, a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant 
Notes and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at any time. 
Any such revision, suspension or withdrawal could adversely affect the market value of the 
relevant Notes.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA rating agency is certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, 
has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In the case of ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can 
either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a non-UK credit 
rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, 
in each case, to (i) the relevant UK registration or endorsement, as the case may be, not having 
been withdrawn or suspended; and (ii) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of non-UK ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional 
relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK of existing pre-2021 
ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to 
use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may 
have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity 
in any secondary market.  
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the front 
cover of this Base Prospectus and if a Tranche of Notes is rated such rating will be disclosed 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
2.6.2 
General Risks Relating to Notes 
2.6.2.1 Modification, Waivers and Substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed contain provisions for convening 
meetings of holders of the Notes to consider any matter affecting their interests generally.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders of the Notes including holders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may agree, without the 
consent of the Holders and without regard to the interests of particular Holders, to (i) any 
modification of any provision of the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest or proven error and (ii) any other modification (except as 
mentioned in the Trust Deed) and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach, of any provision of the Terms and Conditions or the Trust Deed which is, in the opinion 
of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders. 
In addition, the Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, without the 
consent of the Holders, to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or of 
any previously substituted company as principal debtor under the Notes, in the circumstances 
described in Condition 12(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and provided always 
that the Trustee is satisfied that the interests of the Holders will not be materially prejudiced by 
the substitution. 
2.6.2.2 Change of Law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law (except that the provisions 
in the Notes under Condition 3 and Clause 3 of the Trust Deed are governed by Swedish law) 
in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, Swedish law or English or 
Swedish administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such 
change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
2.6.2.3 Notes Where Denominations Involve Integral Multiples: Definitive Bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, 
it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such 
a case a Holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system would not 
be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of such 
Notes such that its holding amounts to (at least) a Specified Denomination. Further, a Holder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a Definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should such Definitive 
Bearer Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes 
such that its holding amounts to (at least) a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Bearer Notes are issued, Holders should be aware that Definitive Bearer Notes 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
2.6.2.4 Reliance on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes 
that may be deposited with a custodian for DTC or a common depositary or common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each 
Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of DTC,

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants 
will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligation under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder 
of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that 
they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate 
proxies. 
2.6.2.5 Differences between the Notes and bank deposits  
An investment in the Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit. However, an 
investment in the Notes carries risks which are very different from the risks associated with a 
bank deposit, with the higher yield of the Notes generally attributable to the greater risks 
associated with investment in the Notes.  
The Notes are expected to be less liquid than bank deposits. Bank deposits are generally 
repayable on demand, or with notice from the depositors, whereas holders of the Notes have 
no ability to require early repayment of their investment other than upon the occurrence of an 
applicable Event of Default (see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 6"). 
Furthermore, although the Notes are transferable, the Notes may have no established trading 
market when issued, and one may never develop. See "The Secondary Market Generally".    
2.6.2.6 The Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into ordinary shares of Swedbank 
Under the terms of the BRRD, any application of the general bail-in tool or non-viability loss 
absorption, is to be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on Holders of Notes will depend on 
their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy at the relevant time, including any priority given 
to other creditors such as depositors.  
To the extent any resulting treatment of Holders pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in 
tool or non-viability loss absorption in combination with a resolution power, is less favourable 
than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a 
Holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the 
relevant entity (which is referred to as the "no creditor worse off safeguard" under the BRRD). 
Any such compensation is unlikely to compensate that Holder for the losses it has actually 
incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. 
Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when 
amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes. The “no creditor worse off safeguard” 
will not apply if non-viability loss absorption is not combined with a resolution power. 
Any shares issued to holders of capital instruments upon a conversion into equity following any 
non-viability loss absorption or bail-in may be subject to future cancellation, transfer or dilution.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders may be subject 
to the application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which may result 
in such Holders losing some or all of their investment. Such application could also involve 
modifications to or the disapplication of provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
including alteration of the principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity 
date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments 
for a certain period. As a result, the exercise of the bail-in power, any resolution tools or the 
application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, or any suggestion of such exercise, 
could materially adversely affect the rights of Holders, the price or value of their investment in 
any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes.   
2.6.3 
Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description 
of certain of those features: 
2.6.3.1 The qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as "eligible 
liabilities" is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL 
Eligible Liabilities which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or 
defined by the Applicable MREL Regulations then applicable) of the Issuer and the Group. 
However, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that such Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities. There is 
therefore a risk that a MREL Disqualification Event may occur in relation to any such Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event in relation to a Series of any Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be, the Issuer may, at its 
option but subject to Condition 5(j), (i) where the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies Condition 5(i) to be applicable, 
redeem all (but not some only) of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the case may 
be, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (ii) where the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies Condition 5(k) to be applicable, 
either substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the case 
may be, Senior Non-Preferred Notes for, or vary the terms of such Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes or, as the case may be, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or the terms of the Trust Deed 
so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or, as 
the case may be, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities. See "The Issuer may redeem 
Notes prior to maturity " and "In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the 
terms of the Notes" for a description of the risks related to an early redemption of Notes or the 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, of Notes. 
2.6.3.2  Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, 
such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Holders. 
Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on other fixed rate Notes of the 
Issuer at the time and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
2.6.3.3 Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the relevant Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) 
the relevant First Reset Date. On the relevant First Reset Date, the relevant Second Reset Date 
(if applicable) and each relevant Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate 
will be reset to the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant First Margin or 
relevant Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The 
Subsequent Reset Rate for any relevant Reset Period could be less than the relevant Initial 
Rate of Interest or the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the relevant Reset Notes. 
2.6.3.4 Notes Issued at a Substantial Discount or Premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in 
interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer 
the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
2.6.3.5 The Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. As provided under Condition 3(b)(iii), the rights of the 
Holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall rank (i) junior in right of payment to the claims 
of depositors and other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect 
of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; (ii) at least pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities of the Issuer; and (iii) senior to holders of all classes of ordinary shares of the Issuer 
and any subordinated obligations or other securities of the Issuer (including the Subordinated 
Notes) which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities. If, on a liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs), the assets 
of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-ranking 
creditors in full, the Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose their entire investment in 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the 
claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims 
arising under its obligations in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and all other claims 
that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Holders of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes 
which benefit from a preferential ranking, there is a risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
2.6.3.6 The Issuer's Obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated to most of the Issuer’s 
liabilities 
The Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. As 
provided under Condition 3(c), the rights of the Holders of any Subordinated Notes shall, in the 
event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, be 
subordinated in right of payment to the claims of depositors and other unsubordinated creditors

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
of the Issuer, but shall rank at least pari passu with all other subordinated indebtedness of the 
Issuer, which in each case, by law rank, or by their terms, are expressed to rank, pari passu, 
with the Subordinated Notes. If, on a liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs), 
the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-
ranking creditors in full, the Holders of Subordinated Notes will lose their entire investment in 
the Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of 
senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims arising 
under its obligations in respect of the Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari 
passu with the Subordinated Notes, the Holders of the Subordinated Notes will lose some 
(which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which 
are not subordinated or are subordinated but not to the same extent, there is a significant risk 
that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent. 
2.6.3.7 Events of Default  
The only Events of Default in relation to the Notes are set out in Condition 6. If a Note has been 
declared due and payable under Condition 6, the Trustee may institute such steps, including 
the obtaining of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the relevant 
Notes, as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) 
or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation) but not otherwise and, consequently, if any Notes become 
due and payable under Condition 6, the Issuer shall, with the prior consent of the Relevant 
Regulator (if such consent is required), only be required to make such payment after it has 
been declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation). 
2.6.3.8 The Issuer may redeem Notes prior to maturity in certain circumstances 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies that Issuer Call is applicable, the Issuer may on any Optional 
Redemption Date, at its option, redeem all, or some only, of the relevant Notes at their Optional 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
The Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant 
Regulator (if such consent is required), redeem the relevant Notes upon the occurrence of a 
Withholding Tax Event at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) 
thereon. 
In addition to the above, where the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies that a Tax Event Call is applicable, the 
Issuer may, in certain circumstances and at its option, but in each case subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), redeem all (but not some 
only) of the relevant Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Event at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, where the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, specifies that Condition 5(h) is 
applicable, the Issuer may, at its option, but in each case subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), redeem the relevant Subordinated 
Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event at their principal amount or the amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, where the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
specifies that Condition 5(i) is applicable, the Issuer may, at its option, but in each case subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), redeem 
all (but not some only) of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event at their principal 
amount or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes pursuant to the relevant option (or during any period 
when it is perceived that the Issuer may be able to redeem Notes pursuant to the relevant 
option), the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may consider it favourable to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
2.6.3.9 Redemption of the Notes is subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such 
consent is required) and Holders have no right to request the redemption of the Notes 
The Notes may contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them after a minimum period as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement (this would be expected to be at least five years in the case of Subordinated Notes), 
or even earlier than such specified date (and at any time) upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, 
a Withholding Tax Event or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes only, a MREL Disqualification Event or, in the case of Subordinated Notes only, a Capital 
Event. If the Issuer considers it favourable to exercise any such call option, the Issuer must first 
obtain the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required). 
Holders of Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of their Notes and should not invest 
in Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Issuer. In order for such 
Notes to be redeemed, (if such consent is required) the Relevant Regulator must first, in its 
discretion, agree to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital 
position of the Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant time. In addition, if the Issuer 
seeks approval to exercise a call option before five years from the date of issuance of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Relevant Regulator may only give its approval if certain conditions 
have been met. There can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call 
or that the Issuer will exercise such a call.  
Holders of Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of their Notes and should not invest 
in Notes in the expectation that a call option will be exercised by the Issuer. Holders of Notes 
should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in Notes 
for a period of time in excess of the minimum period until the Maturity Date, which could affect 
the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
2.6.3.10 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specify that Condition 5(k) applies, if at any time (i) (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) a MREL Disqualification Event occurs; (ii) (in the case

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
of Subordinated Notes) a Capital Event occurs; (iii) in any case, a Withholding Tax Event 
occurs; (iv) in any case, where "Tax Event Call" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement a Tax Event occurs; 
or (v) in any case, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f), the 
Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior consent (if such consent is required) of the Relevant 
Regulator (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the relevant Holders or, 
subject as provided in Condition 5(k), the Trustee) either substitute all (but not some only) of 
the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes and/or the terms of the Trust 
Deed (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") so that or provided that (as the 
case may be) they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying 
Securities, as the case may be, as further provided in Condition 5(k). The terms and conditions 
of such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may have terms and conditions that contain one or 
more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may 
be, provided that the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or the relevant Subordinated Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. No assurance can be given as to whether any changes to the terms 
of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes will negatively 
affect any particular Holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such 
substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes could be different for some categories of Holders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences for them of holding the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
2.6.3.11 
No limitation on issuing debt 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt which the Issuer may issue which ranks senior to 
any class of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes or on the amount of securities 
which the Issuer may issue which ranks pari passu with any class of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes. As a result this may reduce the amount recoverable by Holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, on the bankruptcy 
or any liquidation of the Issuer. 
2.6.3.12 
No right of set-off or counterclaim  
Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, no Holder who in the event of 
the liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer shall be indebted to 
the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed 
by the Issuer in respect of the Notes (including any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if any are payable) held by such 
Holder. 
2.6.3.13 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a "Green Bond", 
there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria 
of an investor 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
apply the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that 
promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes ("Green Projects" and Notes issued 
thereunder to be "Green Bonds"). Prospective investors should have regard to the information 
in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. Neither Swedbank 
nor the Dealers make any assurance or representation as to whether any Green Projects will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, the relevant Green Projects).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or 
"sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for 
a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, nor 
can any assurance be given that, if such a definition, market consensus or label is developed 
in the future, any Green Bonds will comply with such definition, market consensus or label.  
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on 18 June 2020 (the "Taxonomy Regulation") on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy"). The 
EU Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European 
Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission 
approved in principle the first delegated act (the "EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act") aimed 
at supporting sustainable investment by making it clearer which economic activities most 
contribute to meeting the EU’s environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated 
Act sets out criteria for economic activities in the sectors that are most relevant for achieving 
climate neutrality and delivering on climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such as 
energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and buildings. Criteria for other environmental 
objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in line with the mandates in the Taxonomy 
Regulation. Until all criteria for such objectives have been developed and disclosed it is not 
known whether any Green Projects will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the 
EU Taxonomy, once all criteria is established, is not certain.    
The Swedbank Green Bond Framework (as defined below) is subject to change in all respects 
at any time without notice. No assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or 
uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives (including the EU Taxonomy) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any Green Projects. Any Green Bonds may be subject to the application of the general bail-
in tool, other resolution tools or non-viability loss absorption; see "Risk Factors – General Risks 
Relating to Notes - The Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into ordinary shares 
of Swedbank" for further information.  
Neither Swedbank nor the Dealers make any assurance or representation as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection 
with the issue of any Notes, the Swedbank Green Bond Framework generally, or any Green 
Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance 
of doubt, each of the Swedbank Green Bond Framework and any such opinion or certification 
is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such 
opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for 
the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
"green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is 
given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, any Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for 
any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market 
to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any 
such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) that are the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally 
disbursed for the specified Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green 
Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for 
any Green Projects will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Green Bonds; 
(ii) create an obligation for the Issuer to redeem the relevant Green Bonds; (iii) create an option 
for the Holders to redeem the relevant Green Bonds; (iv) compromise the ability of the relevant 
Green Bonds to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities or Tier 2 capital, as the case may be, or (v) 
create an incentive to redeem. Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of 
Green Bonds for any Green Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or 
certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in 
whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying 
on and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are intended 
to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
2.6.3.14 
There are risks that certain reference rates may be administered differently or 
discontinued in the future, including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may 
adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes based on such reference rates. 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other reference rates which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the 
subject of recent international, national and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past or disappear entirely, 
or have other consequences that cannot be predicted as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Certain risks relating to such benchmarks are described below. 
EU and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It, among other things, 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non- EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks 
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct 
Authority ("FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could 
have a material impact on (i) any Floating Rate Note which specifies Screen Rate Determination 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined or (ii) any Reset 
Note, in each case where the applicable Original Reference Rate is deemed to be a benchmark, 
particularly if the methodology or other terms of such benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or 
the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; 
(ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks 
Regulation reforms and investigations in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to a benchmark.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
Discontinuation of benchmarks 
LIBOR is the subject of ongoing regulatory reforms. Following the implementation of any of 
these reforms, the manner of administration of LIBOR may change, with the result that it may 
perform differently than in the past or be eliminated entirely, or there could be other 
consequences that cannot be predicted. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that LIBOR will not continue on the current basis. In particular, on 5 March 
2021, the FCA announced the future cessation or loss of representativeness of the LIBOR 
benchmark settings currently published by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"). 
Pursuant to the latest FCA announcement, all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided 
by an administrator or no longer be representative: (i) immediately after 31 December 2021, in 
the case of all euro LIBOR and Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month 
and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month 
sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings; and (ii) 
immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 
12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (that is, the 
1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling, U.S. dollar and Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the 
FCA will consult or continue to consider the case for using its proposed powers to require IBA 
to continue publishing these settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, though publication of the 1-month, 
3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings would cease permanently at the end of 
2022. Nevertheless, the FCA confirmed that, even if it does require IBA to continue publishing 
any of these nine remaining LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, such settings will no longer 
be representative of the underlying market and the economic reality that such settings are 
intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored. Therefore, after 31 December 
2021 (or 30 June 2023 in relation to the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month 
U.S. dollar LIBOR settings) all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any 
administrator or no longer be representative. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new 
euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding 
principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant 
contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial 
system. 
The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as LIBOR, EURIBOR and other reference rates 
which are deemed to be "benchmarks", the establishment of alternative reference rates or 
changes in the manner of administration of a benchmark could also require adjustments to the 
terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest 
payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments 
that would have been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was available in its 
current form. 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement for 
a Floating Rate Note or Reset Note, in the event that the Issuer determines a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate. If any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined 
in such manner and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate and/or Alternative Rate or any Adjustment Spread, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Holders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Trust Deed to give 
effect to such amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer to be 
applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The Adjustment 
Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body (which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of 
central banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Independent Adviser 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula or methodology 
which the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be. The application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant 
Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they 
would do if LIBOR or the relevant Original Reference Rate (as applicable) were to continue to 
apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, it may still determine (i) the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate; and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark 
Amendments itself (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). If a 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or any Benchmark Amendment is not 
determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, other fallback provisions under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be required to be used, which may in certain 
circumstances result in the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period continuing to apply at 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period, resulting 
in the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes becoming, in effect, fixed rate securities 
(potentially until the relevant maturity date of the Notes depending on whether (i) the Issuer 
exercises its option to re-apply the fallback provisions contained in Condition 4(d) and (ii) (if 
such fallback provisions are re-applied) a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined 
pursuant to Condition 4(d)). Even if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (if any) are determined pursuant to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the overall Rate of Interest payable on the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be less than it would have been had no Benchmark Event 
occurred.  
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR 
If (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. Dollars and the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and (ii) "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR" is also specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, for a Floating Rate Note, and the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates as described in 
Condition 4(e). After such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no longer be determined 
by reference to the Benchmark, but instead will be determined by reference to the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the 
relevant Notes by reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), any implementation of Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes and any other determinations, decisions or elections that may be made 
under the terms of such Notes in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, could 
adversely affect the value of such Notes, the return on such Notes and the price at which such 
Notes can be sold. Any Benchmark Replacement will likely be a relatively new market index 
that may be altered or discontinued. 
Benchmark Discontinuation - general 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(d) or Condition 4(e), as the case may be, no 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread or, as the case may be, no Benchmark 
Replacement will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes be made to effect any Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (as applicable), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital or the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(d) or Condition 4(e), as the case may be, and in 
the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate or, as the case may be, no Benchmark Replacement (as applicable) will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the relevant Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes or, as the case may be, the relevant Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be made 
pursuant to Condition 4(d) or Condition 4(e), as the case may be, if, and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant 
Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the 
effective maturity of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, such Series 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of 
EU, UK, or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation 
of such changes could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, 
value of and return on any such affected Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
2.6.3.15 
Compounded SOFR and the SOFR Index are relatively new in the marketplace 
The interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as 
SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, will be based on Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using the SOFR 
Index published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (“FRBNY”) according to the specific 
formula described under Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(IV), not the SOFR rate published on or in respect 
of a particular date during any Interest Accrual Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates 
during such period. Since SOFR is a relatively new market rate, the relevant Notes may have

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on any such 
Notes during any Interest Accrual Period will not necessarily be the same as the interest rate 
on other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable 
interest rate. Further, if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Accrual 
Period is negative, its contribution to the SOFR Index will be less than one, resulting in a 
reduction to Compounded SOFR used to calculate the interest payable on the relevant Notes 
on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period. Very limited market precedent 
exists for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and the method for calculating an interest 
rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies. Investors should be aware that the market 
continues to develop in relation to risk free rates – such as SOFR - as reference rates in the 
capital markets. In August 2019 and May 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s 
Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC") released model interest rate conventions for 
SOFR-linked securities (including for the calculation of Compounded SOFR); however, there 
currently is no uniform market convention with respect to the calculation of Compounded SOFR 
or SOFR generally. In addition, the FRBNY only began publishing the SOFR Index on 2 March 
2020. Accordingly, the use of the SOFR Index or the specific formula for the Compounded 
SOFR rate used in any relevant Notes may not be widely adopted by other market participants, 
if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that would likely adversely affect 
the market value of any such Notes. 
2.6.3.16 
The SOFR Index has a limited history. The future performance of SOFR cannot be 
predicted based on the historical performance of SOFR 
Publication of SOFR and the SOFR Index, each published by the FRBNY, began on 3 April 
2018 and on 2 March 2020, respectively, and therefore each has a limited history. The future 
performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on the limited historical performance. The 
level of SOFR during the term of any Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is 
specified as SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR. 
Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR, 
such as correlations, may change in the future. While some pre-publication historical data have 
been released by the FRBNY, such analysis inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Changes in the levels of SOFR will affect Compounded SOFR and, therefore, 
the return on any relevant Notes and the trading price of such Notes, but it is impossible to 
predict whether such levels will rise or fall. There can be no assurance that Compounded SOFR 
or SOFR will be positive. 
2.6.3.17 
Compounded SOFR with respect to a particular Interest Accrual Period for Floating 
Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be capable 
of being determined near the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
The level of Compounded SOFR applicable to a particular Interest Accrual Period and, 
therefore, the SOFR Index and amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Accrual 
Period will be determined on the Interest Determination Date (as defined in Condition 
4(c)(ii)(B)(IV)) for such Interest Accrual Period. 
Because each such date is near the end of such Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest 
payable with respect to a particular Interest Accrual Period will not be known until shortly prior 
to the related Interest Payment Date and it may be difficult to reliably estimate the amount of 
interest that will be payable on each such Interest Payment Date. In addition, some investors 
may be unwilling or unable to trade the relevant Notes without changes to their information

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
technology systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity and trading price of any 
such Notes.  
2.6.3.18 
The SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued and Floating Rate Notes for which 
the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR Index in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement may bear interest by reference to a rate other 
than Compounded SOFR, which could adversely affect the value of any such Notes 
The SOFR Index is published by the FRBNY based on data received by it from sources other 
than the Issuer, and the Issuer has no control over its methods of calculation, publication 
schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR Index at any time. There can be no 
guarantee, particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in any relevant Notes. 
If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SOFR is 
calculated, is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable 
on any relevant Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the FRBNY may 
withdraw, modify or amend the published SOFR Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion and 
without notice. The interest rate for any Interest Accrual Period will not be adjusted for any 
modifications or amendments to the SOFR Index or SOFR data that the FRBNY may publish 
after the interest rate for that Interest Accrual Period has been determined. See "Risk Factors 
– Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes – There are risks that certain 
reference rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, including the 
potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely affect the trading market for, 
value of and return on, Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes based on such reference rates – 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR" for further information.   
2.6.3.19 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for floating 
rate securities 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a 
reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In 
particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference 
rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market 
or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Floating Rate 
Notes that reference a SONIA rate that are issued under this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, 
the Issuer may in the future issue securities referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-referenced Notes issued by it 
under the Programme. The nascent development of SONIA as an interest reference rate for 
the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such 
markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced Notes 
issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference SONIA is only capable of being determined at 
the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference a SONIA rate to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may 
be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which 
could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, 
if Notes are redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
payable for the final Interest Accrual Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined 
immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable and shall not be 
reset thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any 
mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with 
any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing a SONIA rate. 
Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to SONIA may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that 
are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may 
not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from 
increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such relevant Notes. 
2.6.4 
Notes denominated in Renminbi are subject to additional risks 
Set out below is a description of certain additional risks which may be relevant to an investor in 
Notes denominated in Renminbi: 
2.6.4.1 The Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of 
the Renminbi into and outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes 
denominated in Renminbi 
The Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate 
conversion between the Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar, 
despite the significant reduction over the years by the PRC government of control over trade 
transactions involving the import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent 
routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for settlement of capital 
account items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific 
approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a 
case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the 
remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing 
gradually.  
Although, the Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the 
International Monetary Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to 
settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies have been implemented by the People’s 
Bank of China (the "PBOC") in recent years, there is no assurance that the PRC government 
will continue to liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that 
any schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new 
regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting 
or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC.  In the event that funds 
cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, the Issuer will need to source Renminbi 
offshore to finance such obligations under the relevant Notes denominated in Renminbi, and 
its ability to do so will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
2.6.4.2 There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of 
the Notes denominated in Renminbi and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the 
PRC to service the Notes denominated in Renminbi 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund 
flows, the availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited. Currently, licensed banks in 
Singapore and Hong Kong may offer limited Renminbi-denominated banking services to 
Singapore residents, Hong Kong residents and specified business customers. The PBOC has 
also established a Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanism for participating banks in the 
applicable jurisdictions that have been permitted to engage in the settlement of current account 
trade transactions in Renminbi through settlement agreements (the "Settlement Agreements") 
on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions in a number of financial centres 
and cities (each, a "RMB Clearing Bank") and these RMB Clearing Banks have been permitted 
to engage in the settlement of Renminbi trade transactions. However, the current size of RMB-
denominated financial assets outside the PRC remains limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in 
respect of cross-border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with 
PRC enterprises. Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct 
Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access 
to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purpose of squaring open positions of 
participating banks for limited types of transactions. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not 
obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign 
exchange transactions or conversion services and the participating banks will need to source 
Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and 
size, its growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign 
exchange. There is no assurance that no new PRC regulations will be promulgated or the 
Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended so as to have the effect of restricting 
the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC may affect the liquidity of the Notes denominated in Renminbi. To the extent the Issuer is 
required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service the Notes denominated in 
Renminbi, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on 
satisfactory terms, if at all. 
2.6.4.3 Payments in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi will only be made to investors in the 
manner specified in the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes denominated in Renminbi 
Investors may be required to provide certificates and other information (including Renminbi 
account information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with 
the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. All 
Renminbi payments to investors in respect of Notes denominated in Renminbi will be made 
solely (i) for so long as such Notes are represented by a temporary global Note or a permanent 
global Note held with the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a 
Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures or those of such alternative clearing system, 
or (ii) for so long as such Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The Issuer 
cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in 
bank notes, by cheque or draft, or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC).

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
2.6.4.4 There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Notes denominated in 
Renminbi 
In considering whether to invest in the Notes denominated in Renminbi, investors should 
consult their individual tax advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their 
particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any other tax 
jurisdictions. The value of the Holder's investment in the Notes denominated in Renminbi may 
be materially and adversely affected if the Holder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to 
acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those Notes denominated in 
Renminbi. 
2.6.4.5 Investment in Notes denominated in Renminbi is subject to interest rate risks 
The value of Renminbi payments under the Notes denominated in Renminbi may be 
susceptible to interest rate fluctuations occurring within and outside the PRC, including PRC 
Renminbi repo rates and/or the Shanghai inter-bank offered rate. The PRC government has 
gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation may 
increase interest rate volatility. Notes denominated in Renminbi may carry a fixed interest rate. 
Consequently, the trading price of such Notes will vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi 
interest rates. If holders of Notes denominated in Renminbi propose to sell their Notes before 
their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount they have invested. 
2.6.4.6 Investment in the Notes denominated in Renminbi is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from 
time to time and is affected by changes in the PRC, by international political and economic 
conditions and by many other factors. All payments of interest and principal with respect to 
Notes denominated in Renminbi will be made in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. As a 
result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency terms may 
vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. In recent years, the PBOC has 
gradually reformed the way it calculates the mid-point price of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar, 
including widening the trading band that may be implemented, to take into account additional 
factors to more adequately reflect the PRC’s actual economic performance, which may increase 
volatility in the value of Renminbi against foreign currencies. If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of investment in U.S. 
dollars or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
2.6.4.7 Where Renminbi Currency Events are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, if the Renminbi is 
not available in certain circumstances as described in the Notes denominated in Renminbi, the 
Issuer can make payments under the Notes denominated in Renminbi in U.S. dollars 
There can be no assurance that access to Renminbi for the purposes of making payments 
under the Notes denominated in Renminbi by the Issuer or generally will remain or that new 
PRC regulations will not be promulgated which have the effect of restricting availability of 
Renminbi outside of the PRC. 
Although the Issuer's primary obligation is to make all payments of interest and principal with 
respect to the Notes denominated in Renminbi in Renminbi, where Renminbi Currency Events 
are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the event access to Renminbi deliverable in Hong Kong 
becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of Renminbi Inconvertibility, Renminbi Non-
Transferability or Renminbi Illiquidity (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes), the Issuer is unable to pay interest or principal in Renminbi in Hong Kong, the terms of

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
the Notes denominated in Renminbi allow the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars at the 
prevailing spot rate of exchange, all as provided for in more detail in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. The value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollar terms may vary with the 
prevailing exchange rates in the market place. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the 
U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of the investment in U.S. dollar or other 
applicable foreign currency terms will decline. See also “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the 
Notes—Notes denominated in Renminbi are subject to additional risks—Investment in the 
Notes denominated in Renminbi is subject to exchange rate risks”. 
2.6.4.8 Renminbi clearing systems 
Notes denominated in Renminbi issued under the Programme may only be held in Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Holders may only hold such Notes denominated in Renminbi if 
they have an account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
3 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
The following information which has previously been published or is published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2020 (including 
the auditors' report therein) contained in the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 
2020 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at  
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE78501331; 
(2) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2019 (including 
the auditors' report therein) contained in the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 
2019 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at  
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE53581973;  
(3) 
 the unaudited financial information in the published unaudited interim report of the Issuer as at 
31 March 2021 (including the auditors’ review report therein) which can be viewed online at 
https://internetbank.swedbank.se/ConditionsEarchive/download?bankid=1111&id=WEBDOC-
PRODE82509387; and 
(4) 
 the following sections from previous base prospectuses and information memoranda relating 
to the Programme which can be viewed online at https://www.swedbank.com/sv/investor-
relations/skuldinvesterare/upplaningsprogram/global-medium-term-note.html: (i) the section 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 54-110 inclusive) set out in the Base Prospectus 
dated 13 May 2020; (ii) the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 56-115 
inclusive) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 14 May 2019; (iii) the section "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (pages 56-109 inclusive) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 16 May 
2018; (iv) the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 51-96 inclusive) set out in 
the Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2017; (v) the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(pages 46-88 inclusive) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 13 May 2016; (vi) the section 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 44-86 inclusive) set out in the Base Prospectus 
dated 13 May 2015 (vii) the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 41-83 
inclusive) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 13 May 2014; (viii) the section "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (pages 36-75 inclusive) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 15 May 
2013; and (ix) the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (pages 25-58 inclusive) set out 
in the Base Prospectus dated 15 May 2012. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any information incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above or below) are either not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Dealer Agreement that it 
will comply with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the consolidated financial statements, the 
notes and the auditors’ reports in the Issuer's financial statements for 2020 and 2019 as set out in the 
respective annual reports: 
 
2020 Financial Statements 
Page reference 
1 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. 58-62 
2 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. 63-157 
3 
Auditors’ Report2 
p. 238 
2019 Financial Statements 
Page reference 
1 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. 54-58 
2 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. 59-152 
3 
Auditors’ Report3 
p.218 
 The table below sets out the relevant page references for information relating to the unaudited financial 
information of the Issuer, alternative performance measures (as such term is defined in the ESMA 
Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures) and the auditors’ review report in the interim report 
for the period 1 January 2021 to 31 March 2021: 
 
 
Page reference 
1 
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
p.21-25 
2 
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
p. 26-52 
3 
Alternative Performance Measures 
p. 58 
4 
Auditors’ Review Report 
 
 
 
p. 60 
                                                     
2 For the avoidance of doubt, this Auditors’ Report relates to the period from, and including, 1 January 2020 to, and including, 31 
December 2020. 
3 For the avoidance of doubt, this Auditors’ Report relates to the period from, and including, 1 January 2019 to, and including, 31 
December 2019.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
4 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, when construed together with Part A 
of the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement in 
relation to any Notes, will be applicable to each Series of Notes: 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed dated 3 March 1998 (as supplemented and/or amended 
from time to time, the "Trust Deed") and made between Swedbank AB (publ) (the "Issuer", which term, 
for the avoidance of doubt, shall include its legal successors following universal succession (Sw: 
universalsuccession), by operation of law applicable in Sweden, upon consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or any other similar occurrence) and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the 
"Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under 
the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Holders (as described below). These Terms and Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of 
the Notes and any Coupons relating to them. Copies of the Trust Deed and of an amended and restated 
Agency Agreement (as supplemented or amended from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 
10 May 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacities 
as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such), as paying agent, as transfer agent and as 
exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch in its capacity as such), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG in its capacity as registrar 
(the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor to Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
in its capacity as such) and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as paying agent 
(a "Paying Agent" and, together with the Principal Paying Agent and any substitute or additional paying 
agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement, the "Paying Agents") and as transfer 
agent (a "Transfer Agent" and, together with the Principal Paying Agent and any substitute or additional 
transfer agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement, the "Transfer Agents"), are 
available for inspection at the specified office of the Trustee (presently at The Bank of New York Mellon, 
One Canada Square, London E14 5AL) and each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar. In respect of 
Swiss Domestic Notes (as defined below), the principal Swiss paying agent (the "Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent") and the other Swiss paying agents (the "Swiss Paying Agents", which expression shall include 
the Principal Swiss Paying Agent) will be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined 
below), which entities shall act as Principal Paying Agent and Paying Agents, respectively, in respect 
of the Swiss Domestic Notes and the expressions "Principal Paying Agent" and "Paying Agents" as 
used herein shall be construed accordingly. In respect of each issue of Swiss Domestic Notes, the 
Issuer shall enter into a Supplemental Agency Agreement (substantially in the form of Schedule 7 to 
the Agency Agreement) with, inter alia, the Principal Swiss Paying Agent and any other Swiss Paying 
Agents. All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes shall be 
deemed to have notice of and to be bound by all of the provisions of the Trust Deed insofar as they 
relate to the Notes. References herein to "Agents" shall, where the context so requires, be to the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Exchange Agent and, in the case of Swiss Domestic 
Notes, the Swiss Paying Agents. References herein to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents shall 
include any additional Paying Agent(s) and/or Transfer Agent(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
References herein to "Exempt Notes" are to (i) Swiss Domestic Notes and (ii) Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the FSMA. For the 
purposes of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and "FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended)..  
The final terms of the Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in (i) in the case of Notes 
other than Exempt Notes, Part A of a final terms document (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes 
which completes these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") or (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, a

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") which supplements, amends, modifies and replaces 
these Conditions and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or 
to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, amend, modify or replace the Conditions for the purposes 
of the Exempt Notes. References to the "applicable Final Terms" are accordingly to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) relating to the Notes and references to the "applicable Pricing 
Supplement" are accordingly to Part A of the Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
relating to the Exempt Notes. 
Copies of the Final Terms will, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), be published on the website 
of 
the 
Central 
Bank 
of 
Ireland 
at 
https://www.centralbank.ie/regulation/industry-market-
sectors/securities-markets/prospectus-regulation/prospectuses and on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on any other 
regulated market in the EEA, the applicable Final Terms will be published in accordance with the rules 
and regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with 
Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. Copies of the Final Terms will also be available, upon request, 
free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in relation to a Tranche of Registered Notes, the Registrar save that, if the Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement relates to Notes which are neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA or the United Kingdom in circumstances where 
a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the FSMA (including 
Exempt Notes), copies will only be obtainable by a Holder of such Notes upon production of evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar as to its 
holding of such Notes and identity. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading and save that a Tranche may comprise Notes in more than one denomination) and 
"Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as 
to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement 
Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall have the same 
meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, will prevail. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, references to "Notes" are to Notes of the same Series and shall, 
as the context may require, be deemed to include any Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note, 
Swiss Global Note, Definitive Bearer Notes, Restricted Registered Global Note, Unrestricted Registered 
Global Note or, as the case may be, Definitive Registered Notes (each as defined below). References 
to "Notes" shall, so far as the context permits, be deemed to include any Coupons (as defined below). 
References to "Holders" shall include holders of Coupons, as the context may require. 
References herein to "RMB Notes" are to Notes denominated in Renminbi. References herein to 
"Renminbi", "RMB" and "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the "PRC") 
that is deliverable offshore. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, references to the "PRC" 
exclude the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC ("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC ("Macau") and Taiwan.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form ("Registered Notes") 
and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified 
Currency") and the denomination(s) (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes 
or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
depending upon the Status of the Notes shown in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(b) 
Notes in Global Form and Exchanges Thereof 
(i) 
Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) will be represented upon issue by a temporary 
global Note (a "Temporary Global Note") in substantially the form (subject to amendment and 
completion) set out in the Trust Deed. On or after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes of the relevant Tranche and provided 
certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury regulations has 
been received, interests in the Temporary Global Note may be exchanged for either (as so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement): 
(A) 
interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form (a "Permanent Global Note") 
representing the Notes of that Series and in substantially the form (subject to 
amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed; or 
(B) 
Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Bearer Notes"), serially numbered and in 
substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) set out in the Trust Deed. 
(ii) 
In the case of Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes), interests in a Permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, (free of charge to the Holder) for Definitive 
Bearer Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, either (A) upon not less than 60 days' written notice (expiring 
at least 30 days after the Exchange Date) from the bearer to the Principal Paying Agent as 
described therein or (B) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described therein, 
upon notice from the bearer to the Principal Paying Agent or, upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event described in (iii) below, from the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent. 
"Exchange Event" means (i) either of Euroclear (as defined below) or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(as defined below) or any other clearing system by which the Notes have been accepted for 
clearing is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention to cease business permanently, (ii) an Event of Default in 
relation to the Notes as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is continuing, or (iii) at the option of 
the Issuer, if the Issuer or any Paying Agent, by reason of any change in, or amendment to, 
Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment 
under the Notes which would not be required if such Notes were in definitive form. The Issuer

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
will promptly give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event 
occurs. Any such exchange following the occurrence of an Exchange Event shall occur not later 
than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
(iii) 
Bearer Notes which are denominated in Swiss Francs ("Swiss Domestic Notes") will be 
represented by a permanent global Note (the "Swiss Global Note") which will be deposited with 
SIX SIS Ltd, the Swiss Securities Services Corporation located in Olten, Switzerland ("SIS") or, 
as the case may be, with any other intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes 
by SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd (SIS or any such other intermediary, the "Intermediary"), until final 
redemption or the printing of Definitive Bearer Notes. 
Once the Swiss Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the accounts 
of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Swiss Domestic Notes will constitute 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) ("Intermediated Securities") in accordance with the 
provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each Holder (as such term shall be construed in accordance with the following paragraph) of 
Swiss Domestic Notes shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the 
Swiss Global Note to the extent of his claim against the Issuer, provided that for so long as the 
Swiss Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary the co-ownership interest shall be 
suspended and the Swiss Domestic Notes may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of by 
the entry of the transferred Swiss Domestic Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Domestic Notes held 
through each participant in that Intermediary. In respect of the Swiss Domestic Notes held in 
the form of Intermediated Securities, the holders of the Swiss Domestic Notes will be the 
persons holding the Swiss Domestic Notes in a securities account in their own name and for 
their own account or in case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen) holding the Swiss Domestic Notes for their own account in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name. The term "Holders" as used herein shall, in 
relation to any such Swiss Domestic Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities, be 
construed accordingly. 
Holders of Swiss Domestic Notes do not have the right to request the printing and delivery of 
Definitive Bearer Notes. Interests in the Swiss Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but 
not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (i) determines that 
the printing and delivery of Definitive Bearer Notes is required by Swiss or other applicable laws 
and regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights or (ii) deems the printing and 
delivery of Definitive Bearer Notes to be useful or desirable for any other reason. Should the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of Definitive Bearer 
Notes without cost to the Holders. Upon delivery of the Definitive Bearer Notes, the Swiss 
Global Note will be cancelled and the Definitive Bearer Notes shall be delivered to the Holders 
against cancellation of the Swiss Domestic Notes in the Holders' securities accounts. 
(iv) 
The following legend will appear on all permanent and definitive Bearer Notes which have an 
original maturity of more than 1 year and on all Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States persons, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or Coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
Bearer Notes or Coupons. 
(v) 
Registered Notes will be represented upon issue by Notes in the following form: 
(A) 
Notes initially sold to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") will be represented by 
beneficial interests in an unrestricted Registered Global Note (an "Unrestricted 
Registered Global Note") which will be deposited with a common depositary or a 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for, and in respect of, interests held through 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and registered in the name of a nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper; and 
(B) 
Notes initially sold within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act will be represented by beneficial interests in a restricted Registered 
Global Note (a "Restricted Registered Global Note") which will be deposited with the 
Registrar as custodian for The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") and registered in 
the name of a nominee of DTC. 
An interest in either the Unrestricted Registered Global Note or the Restricted Registered 
Global Note (each a "Registered Global Note") may be exchanged for a definitive Registered 
Note (a "Definitive Registered Note") in the limited circumstances set out in such Registered 
Global Note. A Definitive Registered Note may be exchanged for another Definitive Registered 
Note under certain circumstances described in the Agency Agreement. In relation to any 
Tranche, prior to the expiry of the period that ends 40 days after the later of the date of issue 
of such Tranche and the completion of the distribution of such Tranche, beneficial interests in 
an Unrestricted Registered Global Note will only be exchangeable for interests in a Restricted 
Registered Global Note in accordance with the certification requirements described in the 
Agency Agreement (see "Form of Notes; Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in 
Global Form"). 
(c) 
Surrender of Global Notes (other than Swiss Global Notes) in Exchange for Definitive 
Notes 
In order to exchange interests in a global Note (other than a Swiss Global Note) for definitive 
Notes, a Holder must surrender or, as the case may be, present the relevant Temporary Global 
Note or Permanent Global Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, present the relevant Registered Global Note at the specified office of the Registrar 
or its agent, together, in each case, with a request in writing specifying the principal amount of 
such Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note or, as the case may be, Registered 
Global Note, to be exchanged. 
(d) 
Coupons 
Interest-bearing Definitive Bearer Notes will have attached thereto at the time of their initial 
delivery coupons ("Coupons") and, if applicable, talons for further Coupons ("Talons"), 
presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances 
specified below. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Bearer Notes in 
global form do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(e) 
Exchange of Registered Notes 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
(f) 
The Depository Trust Company 
Registered Notes will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be the subject of an application by the Issuer to DTC 
for the acceptance of such Registered Notes into DTC's book-entry settlement system. If such 
application is accepted, one or more Registered Global Notes (each, a "DTC Note") in 
denominations equivalent in aggregate to the aggregate principal amount of relevant 
Registered Notes which are to be held in such system will be issued to DTC and registered in 
the name of Cede & Co., or such other person as may be nominated by DTC for the purpose, 
as nominee for DTC. Thereafter, such registered nominee will be the holder of record and 
entitled to rights in respect of each DTC Note. Accordingly, each person having a beneficial 
interest in a DTC Note must rely on the procedures of the institutions having accounts with DTC 
to exercise any rights of such person. So long as Registered Notes are traded through DTC's 
book-entry settlement system, ownership of a beneficial interest in the relevant DTC Note will 
(unless otherwise required by applicable law) be shown on, and transfers of such beneficial 
interest may be effected only through, records maintained by (i) DTC or its registered nominee 
(as to DTC participant-interests) or (ii) institutions having accounts with DTC (including, without 
limitation, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
2. 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Bearer Notes 
Title to Bearer Notes and Coupons passes by delivery and references herein to "Holders" of 
Bearer Notes and Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer Notes and Coupons, subject as 
provided above in relation to Swiss Domestic Notes. 
(b) 
Title to Registered Notes 
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the register which is kept by the Registrar. 
References herein to "Holders" of Registered Notes are to the persons in whose names such 
Notes are so registered or, in the case of joint holders, the first named thereof. 
(c) 
Ownership 
The Holder of any Note or Coupon will (except as otherwise required by applicable law or 
regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any 
writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. 
(d) 
Transfer of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Definitive Registered Notes may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (in the authorised denominations set 
out in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) upon the surrender of the Registered Note to be transferred for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part thereof), together with the form of transfer 
endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent. A new Registered Note will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
transfer of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect of the balance not 
transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
(e) 
Delivery of New Registered Notes in definitive form 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Notes in definitive form 
shall be available for delivery within five business days at the specified office of the Registrar 
or the relevant Transfer Agent after receipt of the form of transfer. Delivery of the new 
Registered Note shall be made at the specified office of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent, 
as the case may be, to whom delivery of such form of transfer shall have been made or, at the 
option of the Holder making such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of 
transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder entitled to 
the new Registered Note to such address as may be so specified, unless such Holder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. For these purposes, a form of transfer received by the 
Registrar during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment on the relevant 
Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar until the day 
following the due date for such payment. For the purposes of this Condition 2(e), "business 
day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located. 
(f) 
Charges on Transfer 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the 
applicant of such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other 
governmental charges which may be imposed in relation thereto. 
(g) 
Private Placement Legend 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Restricted Registered Notes of any Series 
bearing a private placement legend set forth in the form of Restricted Registered Note 
scheduled to the Trust Deed and in "Notice to Purchasers of Restricted Notes and Transfer 
Restrictions", the Registrar shall deliver only Registered Notes of such Series that shall bear 
such legend unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar an opinion, reasonably 
satisfactory to the Issuer, of counsel experienced in giving opinions with respect to questions 
arising under the securities laws of the United States to the effect that neither such legend nor 
the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required in order to maintain compliance with 
the provisions of such laws. 
(h) 
Rule 144A(d)(4) 
For so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding and are "restricted securities" within the 
meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer has agreed and has covenanted 
in the Trust Deed that it will, during any period in which it is not subject to the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor exempt from reporting under the Exchange Act pursuant 
to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, furnish, upon request, to any Holder, to any owner of a beneficial 
interest in such restricted securities, and to any prospective purchaser of such restricted 
securities or beneficial interest therein designated by any such Holder or beneficial owner, in 
connection with resale of a beneficial interest in such restricted securities by such Holder or 
beneficial owner, as the case may be, the information specified in Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(i) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in global form 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the 
authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement and only in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be 
limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee 
of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
3. 
Status 
(a) 
Status - Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 3(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
(ii) 
The Senior Preferred Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The rights of the Holder of any 
Senior Preferred Note in respect of or arising from the Senior Preferred Notes (including any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) 
shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: 
konkurs) of the Issuer rank: 
(A) 
(subject to such mandatory exceptions as are from time to time applicable under 
Swedish law) at least pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding; and 
(B) 
senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities. 
(b) 
Status - Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
(i) 
This Condition 3(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
(ii) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The rights of the Holder 
of any Senior Non-Preferred Note in respect of or arising from the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any 
are payable) shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, have Senior Non-Preferred Ranking, meaning that they 
rank:  
(A) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(B) 
senior to holders of all classes of ordinary shares of the Issuer and any subordinated 
obligations or other securities of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes) which 
by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities of the Issuer; and 
(C) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Sweden giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any 
successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and the BRRD (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time (including by BRRD II); 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, as the same may 
be amended or replaced from time to time; 
"CRD" means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive and CRR and any CRD 
Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and 
the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to 
time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be 
fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the 
Group, as the case may be, (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required 
by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical 
standards released by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement 
thereof); 
"CRD V Directive" means Directive 2019/878 as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU, as the same may be amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the 
same may be amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRR II);

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
"CRR II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, and Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time;  
"Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities" means liabilities having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking; and 
"Senior Non-Preferred Ranking" means the ranking which is described in the second sentence 
of the first paragraph of section 18 of the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. 18 § 1 st andra 
meningen förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)), as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time.  
(c) 
Status - Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 3(c) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as being Subordinated Notes. 
(ii) 
Notes specified as being Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
rights of the Holder of any Subordinated Note in respect of or arising from the Subordinated 
Notes (including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, 
if any are payable) shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: likvidation) 
or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, (i) be subordinated in right of payment to the claims 
of Senior Creditors of the Issuer; (ii) rank at least pari passu with the claims of all other 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the Subordinated Notes; and (iii) rank senior to all classes 
of ordinary shares of the Issuer and any junior subordinated obligations or other securities of 
the Issuer which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated 
Notes. The Issuer reserves the right to issue further subordinated notes and other subordinated 
obligations in the future, which may rank senior to, pari passu with, or junior to the Subordinated 
Notes.  
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c), "Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Issuer (i) who 
are depositors and/or other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Holders of the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes); or (ii) who are subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (whether in the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: 
likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer or otherwise) other than those whose 
claims by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with or junior to the 
claims of the Holders of Subordinated Notes. 
(d) 
Waiver of set-off 
No Holder of Notes who in the event of the liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: 
konkurs) of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of 
set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes (including 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) 
held by such Holder.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
In the case of RMB Notes, if: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date Adjustment is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(ii) 
(x) there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day,  
then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
For these purposes, "Business Day" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(c)(i). 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of RMB Notes 
if Interest Payment Date Adjustment is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant payment date or the next Interest Payment Date, as 
the case may be) (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, 
the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(aa) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(bb) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360; and 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the 
relevant period divided by 365. 
In the Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
"sub unit" means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
Euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Initial Rate(s) of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to 
the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest,  
payable, in each case, in arrear on the date(s) so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement on which interest is payable in 
each year (each an "Interest Payment Date") and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on 
an Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant period, and will 
calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Reset Notes for the 
relevant period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(aa) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Reset Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(bb) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Reset Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In this Condition 4(b): 
"Business Day" has the meaning given in Condition 4(c)(i) or, if CMT Rate is specified as the 
Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, such term means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(as defined in Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(IV)); 
"Day Count Fraction" and related definitions have the meanings given in Condition 4(a);

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Maturity Date;  
"First Reset Period Fallback Yield" means the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and, if applicable, 
subject to Condition 4(b)(ii), Condition 4(d) and Condition 4(e), the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on (or, if applicable, in respect of) the relevant Reset Determination 
Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin, with such sum 
being converted (if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
from the Original Reference Rate Payment Basis to a basis which matches the per annum 
frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes (such calculation to be determined 
by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it);  
"H.15" means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
Board 
of 
Governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication; 
"Initial Mid-Swap Rate" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, subject as provided in Condition 4(d) (if applicable), for any 
Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a 
frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent);  
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;  
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means, subject as provided in Condition 4(d) (if 
applicable), EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is Euro or LIBOR for the Specified Currency if 
the Specified Currency is not Euro or (if there is no LIBOR for such other Specified Currency)

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
the benchmark rate most closely connected with such Specified Currency and selected by the 
Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute;  
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, under Applicable 
MREL Regulations; 
"MREL Requirement" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
which is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may 
be; 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis" has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of 
Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be 
annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable;  
"Reference Bond" means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities 
issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Euro, shall be Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment 
bank of international repute, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to such Reset Period;  
"Reference Bond Quotation" means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset 
Determination Date:  
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
arithmetic mean, of the bid and offered yields for the relevant Reference Bond provided 
to the Calculation Agent by such Reset Reference Bank at approximately the Relevant 
(Reset) Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the rate, of the Original 
Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield-to-maturity based on the secondary market 
bid price of the relevant Reset U.S. Treasury Security as determined by the Reset 
Reference Bank at approximately the Relevant (Reset) Time on the Business Day 
following such Reset Determination Date; 
"Relevant (Reset) Time" shall mean approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency, or such other time as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
"Relevant Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement or such other page, section or other part 
as may replace it on the relevant information service or such other information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) comparable to the Reset 
Reference Rate;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date; in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date; and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset 
Period;  
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may 
be;  
"Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination 
Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
determined on the basis of the Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference 
Banks to the Calculation Agent at approximately: 
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Relevant 
(Reset) Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Relevant (Reset) 
Time on the Business Day following such Reset Determination Date.  
If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate 
will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations 
are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond 
Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be: 
(i)  
in the case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period:  
(a)  
if Subsequent Reset Rate Previous Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable, the Reset Reference Rate in respect of the 
immediately preceding Reset Period; or  
(b) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Last Observable Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable, (i) if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the last observable bid and 
offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page; or (ii) if CMT Rate is specified 
as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the last observable Original 
Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at 
"constant maturity" for a period of maturity which is equal or comparable to the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 under the caption 
"Treasury constant maturities (nominal)", as that yield is displayed on the 
Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the First Reset Period: 
(a) 
if Initial Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being applicable, 
the First Reset Period Fallback Yield; or 
(b) 
if Last Observable Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable, (i) if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum 
and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the last observable bid and offered yields of the relevant 
Reference Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
Relevant Screen Page; or (ii) if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the last observable Original Reset Reference Rate Payment 
Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for a period of 
maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset 
Period, as published in H.15 under the caption "Treasury constant maturities 
(nominal)", as that yield is displayed on the Relevant Screen Page; 
provided that: 
(A) 
if the application of sub-paragraph (i)(b) or (ii)(b), as applicable, in the determination of 
the Issuer (such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate 
signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the 
Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person), could reasonably be expected 
to prejudice the qualification (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant 
time) of the relevant Series of Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes) as Tier 2 capital 
or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, as the case may be, then sub-paragraph (i)(a) or (ii)(a), as applicable, 
above will apply, and 
(B) 
(in the case of an issue of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes only 
and to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) if the application 
of sub-paragraph (i)(b) or (ii)(b), as applicable, could, in the determination of the Issuer 
(such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed 
by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the Trustee 
may rely without liability or enquiry to any person), reasonably be expected to result in 
the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the 
case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity 
Date, then sub-paragraph (i)(a) or (ii)(a), as applicable, above will apply;  
"Reset Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency of five major banks:

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the swap, 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, which are 
primary government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues in the Specified Currency; or 
(iii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, which are primary 
U.S. Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
determined in U.S. dollars, as published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s 
Website (as defined in Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(IV) below),  
in each case, as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
repute; 
"Reset Reference Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and, if applicable, 
subject to Condition 4(b)(ii), Condition 4(d) and Condition 4(e):  
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate and Single Mid-Swap Rate are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement the rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mid-Swap Rate and Mean Mid-Swap Rate are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:  
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page 
at the Relevant (Reset) Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(B) 
if such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page at such Relevant 
(Reset) Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(iv) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury 
Securities at "constant maturity" for a period of maturity which is equal or 
comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 
under the caption "Treasury constant maturities (nominal)", as that yield is 
displayed on such Reset Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen Page; 
or 
(B) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (A) above is not published on the Relevant 
Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the Original Reset Reference 
Rate Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" 
having a period to maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period as published in H.15 under the caption "Treasury 
constant maturities (nominal)" on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(C) 
if neither the yield referred to in paragraph (A) above nor the yield referred to 
in paragraph (B) above is published on such Reset Determination Date, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date,  
in each case, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reset U.S. Treasury Security" means, on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the U.S. 
Treasury Security selected by the Issuer: 
(i) 
with an original term to maturity upon issue of approximately the duration of the relevant 
Reset Period and a remaining term to maturity of not less than one year less than the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period; and  
(ii) 
which is in a principal amount equal to at least U.S.$1,000,000,000; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and, 
if applicable, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii), Condition 4(d) subject to Condition 4(e), the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on (or, if applicable, in respect of) the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin, with such sum being converted (if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis to a 
basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the 
Notes (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial 
institution selected by it); and  
"U.S. Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis. 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
This Condition 4(b)(ii) is only applicable if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the applicable 
Reset Reference Rate. 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Reset 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) 
of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin 
(as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If on any Reset Determination Date only one of the Reset Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the sum of (A) the relevant Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotation provided and (B) the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b) the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of: 
(i) 
in the case of the first Reset Determination Date only: 
(a) 
if Initial Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being applicable, 
(A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the First Margin; 
(b) 
if Reset Period Maturity Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
being applicable, (A) the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) 
the First Margin; or 
(c) 
if Last Observable Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable, (A) the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page and (B) the First Margin, 
provided that: 
(A) 
if the application of (i)(b) or (i)(c) could, in the determination of the Issuer (such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed 
by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the 
Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person), reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification (to the extent applicable to the relevant 
Notes at the relevant time) of the relevant Series of Notes (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) as Tier 2 capital or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as MREL Eligible Liabilities, as the case may 
be, then (i)(a) above will apply; and 
(B) 
(in the case of an issue of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes only and to the extent applicable to such Notes at the relevant time) if 
the application of (i)(b) or (i)(c) could, in the determination of the Issuer (such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed 
by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the 
Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person), reasonably be 
expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment 
Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date, then (i)(a) above will apply; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any Reset Determination Date other than the first Reset Determination 
Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Previous Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable, (A) the Reset Reference Rate determined on 
the last preceding Reset Interest Determination Date and (B) the Subsequent 
Margin; or 
(b) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Last Observable Rate Final Fallback is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement as being applicable, (A) the last observable rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Subsequent Margin, 
provided that: 
(A) 
if the application of this paragraph (ii)(b), in the determination of the Issuer 
(such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate 
signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon 
which the Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person), could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification (to the extent applicable 
to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) of the relevant Series of Notes (in

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
the case of Subordinated Notes) as Tier 2 capital or (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
as the case may be, then (ii)(a) above will apply, and 
(B) 
(in the case of an issue of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes only and to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant 
time) if the application of (ii)(b) could, in the determination of the Issuer (such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed 
by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the 
Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person), reasonably be 
expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment 
Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date, then (ii)(a) above will apply, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information 
that it in good faith deems relevant. 
(iii) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest 
Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any other day on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due) falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and any stock exchange on which 
the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(iv) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4(b) by the Calculation Agent or for determining the Reset Reference Rate, as 
applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error and proven error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying 
Agents and all Holders of the Notes and (in the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no 
liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant 
to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; or

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, each date (each 
such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment 
Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Accrual Period (as defined below). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or 
(y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(aa) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4(c)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(bb) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(cc) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(dd) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions:  
"Business Day" means, unless otherwise provided in these Conditions: 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System (as defined 
below)) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(2) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, a day on which the 
Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-Time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 System") is open; and

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
(3) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to 
any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open or (iii) in 
relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public 
holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in Hong Kong are 
generally open for business and settlement for Renminbi payments in Hong Kong; 
"Interest Accrual Period" means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in 
respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day 
of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(which, if the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 6, shall be the date 
on which such Notes become due and payable); and 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this subparagraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(II) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(III) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
(I) 
Reference Rate other than SONIA (Non Index), SONIA (Index) or SOFR 
(Index) 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement is not SONIA (Non Index), SONIA (Index) or SOFR (Index), the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(I): 
"Interest Determination Date" shall mean the date specified as such in the Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, or if none is so 
specified: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") (other 
than Sterling or Euro LIBOR), the second London business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is Sterling LIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period; 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is Euro LIBOR or the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
("EURIBOR"), the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period; 
(iv) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate ("STIBOR"), the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(v) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate ("NIBOR"), the 
Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
(vi) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate ("CIBOR"), the 
first day of each Interest Period; 
(vii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate ("TIBOR"), the second 
Tokyo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(viii) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("HIBOR"), the 
first day of each Interest Period; or 
(ix) 
if the Reference Rate is the CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate ("CNH 
HIBOR"), the second Hong Kong business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period; 
"Reference Banks" shall mean, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal 
London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and in the case of 
a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of CNH HIBOR, the 
principal Hong Kong office of four major banks dealing in Renminbi in the Hong Kong 
inter-bank market and, in each case of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not 
LIBOR, EURIBOR or CNH HIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre 
of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre in each 
case selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute; 
"Reference Rate" shall mean (i) LIBOR; (ii) EURIBOR; (iii) STIBOR; (iv) NIBOR; (v) 
CIBOR; (vi) TIBOR; (vii) HIBOR; or (viii) CNH HIBOR, in each case for the relevant 
period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other 
Reference Rate as shall be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" shall mean (i) London, in the case of a determination of 
LIBOR; (ii) Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR; (iii) Stockholm, in the 
case of a determination of STIBOR; (iv) Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR; 
(v) Copenhagen, in the case of a determination of CIBOR; (vi) Tokyo, in the case of a 
determination of TIBOR; or (vii) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR 
or CNH HIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such 
other Relevant Financial Centre as shall be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; 
"Relevant Screen Page" (save where expressly defined otherwise) has the meaning 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on the 
relevant information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" shall mean (i) in the case of LIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; (ii) in the case of 
EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; (iii) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; (iv) in the case of 
NIBOR, 12.00 noon; (v) in the case of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; (vi) in the case of TIBOR, 
11.00 a.m.; (vii) in the case of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; or (viii) in the case of CNH HIBOR, 
11.15 a.m. or if, at or around that time it is notified that the fixing will be published at 
2.30 p.m., then 2.30 p.m., in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, such other time as shall be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 
4(c)(ii)(B)(I)(1), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 
4(c)(ii)(B)(I)(2), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
Relevant Time, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may 
be, shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may 
be, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with an 
offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the London interbank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Eurozone 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank market of the 
Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for 
the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case 
may be, it is quoting to leading banks in the London interbank market (if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR) or the Eurozone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) 
or the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate 
is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(II) 
SONIA (Non Index Determination) Floating Rate Notes  
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in which

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; and (y) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, is SONIA (Non Index), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to 
such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the applicable 
Margin. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
percentage rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):  
   1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
365
 −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
 × 365
𝑑 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni", for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
(and including) the day that falls p London Banking Days before the first day in such 
Interest Accrual Period, to (but excluding) the day that falls p London Banking Days 
before the end of such Interest Accrual Period; 
"p" means:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for 
any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking Days included in 
the Lag Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days included in the Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; 
the "SONIA reference rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation Period, 
the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in respect of any London Banking Day "i", the SONIA reference 
rate for the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
If, subject to Condition 4(d), on any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate is 
not published on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate in respect of such 
London Banking Day shall be:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads); or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors). 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with the paragraph 
above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
reference rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference 
rate, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow 
such guidance in order to determine the SONIA reference rate for any London Banking 
Day "i" for the purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA 
reference rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 4(d), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual 
Period). 
(III) 
SONIA (Index Determination) Floating Rate Notes 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined; and (y) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, is SONIA (Index), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject to Condition 4(d), be the SONIA Compounded Index Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) the applicable Margin. 
"SONIA Compounded Index Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation 
Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in question in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇 −1) ×  
365
𝑑 
where: 
"London Banking Day" and "Observation Period" have the meanings set out in 
Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(II); 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;  
"p" means the number of London Banking Days included in the SONIA Compounded 
Index Observation Shift Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, 
five London Banking Days); 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the index known as the SONIA Compounded 
Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator thereof); 
"SONIA Compounded IndexSTART" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the first day of the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"SONIA Compounded IndexEND" means the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the 
last day of the relevant Observation Period; and 
"SONIA Compounded Index Value" means, in relation to any London Banking Day, the 
value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published on the Relevant Screen Page on 
such London Banking Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be 
obtained from the Relevant Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA 
Compounded Index) in respect of the relevant London Banking Day.     
Subject to Condition 4(d), if the SONIA Compounded Index Value is not available in 
relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant Screen Page or the Bank of 
England’s website (or such other page or website referred to in the definition of "SONIA 
Compounded Index Value" above) for the determination of either or both of SONIA 
Compounded IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be "Compounded Daily SONIA" determined as set 
out in Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(II) above plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the 
applicable Margin and as if SONIA (Index) were specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as being "Not 
Applicable", and for these purposes: (A) (i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed 
to be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be 
equal to the "SONIA Compounded Index Observation Shift Period", as if those 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; and (B) the "Relevant Screen Page" 
shall be deemed to be the "Relevant Fallback Screen Page" specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.    
(IV) 
SOFR (Index Determination) Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Where (x) Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and (y) the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, is SOFR Index, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be equal to the Compounded SOFR rate on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In this Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(IV): 
"Compounded SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
percentage rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
   
 
where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR 
Index value on the day which falls p U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR 
Index value on the day which falls p U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the payment date relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
"SOFR Index" means, with respect to a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day: 
(1) 
the value of the SOFR Index published on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such value appears on the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York’s Website at the Relevant Time; or 
(2) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at 
the Relevant Time, then: 
i. if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each as defined in Condition 4(e)) have not 
occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the 
rate determined pursuant to the provisions below; or 
ii. if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, then 
Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to 
Condition 4(e); 
"SOFR" means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided on the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website;

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
"dc" means, with respect to an Observation Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Observation Period; 
"Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date that falls p U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days before each Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any other 
day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
(and including) the day that falls p U.S. Government Securities Business Days before 
the first day in such Interest Accrual Period, to (but excluding) the day that falls p U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days before the relevant payment date for such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"p" means two, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" shall mean 3.00 p.m. in New York City, or such other time as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which, due to a recommendation of the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (or its successor), the fixed income departments of its 
members are closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
If on any Interest Determination Date a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date (each as defined in Condition 4(e)) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, 
"Compounded SOFR" means, for the relevant Interest Accrual Period for which such 
index is not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment 
calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions required 
for such formula, published at https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-
reference-rates-information (or any successor source). For the purposes of this 
provision, references in the SOFR Averages compounding formula and related 
definitions to "calculation period" shall be replaced with "Observation Period" and the 
words "that is, 30-, 90- or 180- calendar days" shall be removed. If the daily SOFR 
("SOFRi") does not so appear for any day "i" in the Observation Period, SOFRi for such 
day "i" shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York’s Website. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(c): 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Accrual Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Accrual Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in 
the Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 ×  (M2 −M1)] + (D2 − D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 ×  (M2 −M1)] + (D2 − D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D-i will be 30; and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Accrual 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 ×  (M2 −M1)] + (D2 − D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Accrual Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there 
is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate.  
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(v), "Designated Maturity" means, (a) in relation to 
Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate and (b) in 
relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity, as referred to in Condition 4(c)(ii)(A).

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date (or, as the case may be, any 
other day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due) to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date (or, as the case may be, any other day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due) 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Accrual Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London 
Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4(c) by the Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, 
manifest error and proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and all Holders of the Notes and (in the absence of wilful default and bad faith) 
no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent 
If the applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies that a Calculation Agent will be appointed in place of the Principal Paying 
Agent for the purposes of calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) as 
aforesaid, references in this Condition 4(c) to the Principal Paying Agent shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be construed as references to such Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
This Condition 4(d) applies only if "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 4(d)(ii)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance 
with Condition 4(d)(iii)) and/or any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4(d)(iv)).

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(d) shall act in good faith 
and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents or the Holders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 4(d). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 4(d)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(d)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for 
determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4(d) and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") 
and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(d)(vi), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Holders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed 
by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the Trustee 
may rely without liability or enquiry to any person, pursuant to Condition 4(d)(vi), the 
Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Holders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental 
to or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in 
the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions and/or rights afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any 
way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(d), no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment 
to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark 
Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification (to the extent applicable to 
the relevant Notes at the relevant time) of the relevant Series of Notes (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) as Tier 2 capital or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as MREL Eligible Liabilities, as the case may be, such 
determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two 
directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer (upon which certificate the 
Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without liability). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(d), if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer and to the extent applicable to 
the relevant Notes at the relevant time, the same could reasonably be expected to 
result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, 
as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a 
certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer (upon 
which certificate the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without liability). 
(v) 
Failure to appoint an Independent Adviser: If the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser in accordance with this Condition 4(d), the Issuer, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may still determine (i) a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or any 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with this Condition 4(d) (with the relevant 
provisions in this Condition 4(d) applying mutatis mutandis to allow such determinations 
to be made by the Issuer without consultation with an Independent Adviser). 
Where this Condition 4(d)(v) applies, without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the 
purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Issuer will take into account 
any relevant and applicable market precedents and customary market usage as well 
as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of 
market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets. 
(vi) 
Notices, etc.: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(d) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Holders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee 
a certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(d); 
and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if applicable) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate delivered pursuant to this 
Condition 4(d) (without enquiry or liability to any person and without the obligation to 
verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate 
as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Trustee and 
the Principal Paying Agent shall not be liable to the Holders or any other such person 
for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification 
is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of such person. 
(vii) 
Survival of the Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the 
Issuer under Condition 4(d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 4(b)(ii) and Condition 4(c)(ii)(B) will continue to apply unless 
and until either a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (and any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) is determined pursuant to this 
Condition 4(d). 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of Condition 4(d), mutatis mutandis, on 
one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, 
any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been 
determined and notified (and, until such determination and notification (if any), the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(ii) and Condition 4(c)(ii)(B) will 
continue to apply). 
(viii) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 4(d): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied), 
(iii) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised 
or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 4(d)(ii)(B) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means:  
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
consecutive Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences; or 
(5) 
an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, with effect from a date after 31 December 2021, that the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying 
market; or 
(6) 
it has become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Holder using the Original Reference Rate,  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of 
subparagraphs (2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the 
case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition 
of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, 
on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will 
be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement and, in each 
case, not the date of the relevant public statement.  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own cost 
under Condition 4(d)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 4(d). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR 
This Condition 4(e) applies only if (i) the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars and the Reference 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, is SOFR Index and (ii) "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC SOFR" is 
also specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the 
Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation 
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.  
If the Issuer exercises its right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
at any time, at the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a 
certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
which the Trustee may rely without liability or enquiry to any person, pursuant to 
Condition 4(e)(iv), the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, be obliged to concur with the 
Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) and the 
Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the 
Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or protective provisions 
afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
In connection with any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in 
accordance with this Condition 4(e)(ii), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(e), no Benchmark Replacement 
will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series 
of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if and 
to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at 
the relevant time) of the relevant Series of Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
as Tier 2 capital or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) as MREL Eligible Liabilities, as the case may be, such determination to be 
confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors or other 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer (upon which certificate the Trustee is entitled to 
rely absolutely and without liability). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no 
Benchmark Replacement will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of 
the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(e), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer and to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the 
relevant time, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant 
Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer 
to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of 
the Issuer (upon which certificate the Trustee is entitled to rely absolutely and without 
liability). 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(e), including (A) any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection and (B) for the avoidance of doubt, any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, will be conclusive and binding (in the absence of manifest error) 
and subject as provided in this Condition 4(e)), may be made in the Issuer’s sole 
discretion, and, subject as provided in this Condition 4(e), shall become effective 
without consent from any other party. 
(iv) 
Notices, etc.: Any Benchmark Replacement and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes determined under this Condition 4(e) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Holders. Such notice shall be

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee 
a certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, (ii) the relevant Benchmark Replacement 
and (iii) where applicable, the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 4(e); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if 
applicable) are appropriate to reflect the adoption of the relevant Benchmark 
Replacement. 
 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate delivered pursuant to this 
Condition 4(e) (without enquiry or liability to any person and without the obligation to 
verify or investigate the accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if 
any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error and without 
prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent shall not be liable to the Holders or any other such person for so acting 
or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of such person. 
(v) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 4(e): 
 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation 
thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement; 
 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of "Interest Accrual Period", timing and frequency 
of determining rates and making payments of interest) that the Issuer decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event" 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event" the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component);

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the Relevant Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not 
Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue thereon (as well 
after as before any demand or judgment) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of 
the Notes or such other rate as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement until the date on which, upon (except in 
the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is not

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
required as a precondition of payment) due presentation of the relevant Note, the relevant 
payment is made or, if earlier (except in the case of any payment where presentation and/or 
surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition of payment), the seventh day 
after the date on which, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar having received the funds required to make such payment, notice is given to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 15 of that circumstance (except to the extent that there 
is failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Subject to Condition 5(j) below, if:  
(A) 
(i) in relation to any Series of Notes, a Withholding Tax Event occurs; or  
(ii) in relation to any Series of Notes where "Tax Event Call" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, a Tax Event occurs; 
and  
(B) 
both a Tax Certificate and a Tax Opinion have been addressed and delivered to the 
Trustee by the Issuer, 
the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising 
the relevant Series at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(d) below, 
together with accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided that:  
(a) 
notice is given by the Issuer to the Trustee and the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 15 not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ prior to redemption;  
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes only, redemption is to be on an Interest Payment 
Date; and 
(c) 
where the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 
7 in respect of any payment due in respect of the Notes, then no such notice of 
redemption may be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, 
a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within 
the then current interest period applicable to the Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts. 
Any such notice of redemption given in accordance with this Condition 5(b) shall be irrevocable. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to accept any Tax Certificate or Tax Opinion as sufficient evidence 
that the circumstances referred to therein prevail and that the events described in (A)(i) and/or 
(A)(ii) above have occurred, in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Holders.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b): 
"Change in Tax Law" means: 
(a) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations 
thereunder) of any Taxing Jurisdiction affecting taxation; 
(b) 
any governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(c) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the official position or interpretation of 
such law, treaty (or regulation thereunder) or governmental action or any 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or 
regulation thereunder) or governmental action that differs from the theretofore 
generally accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, governmental 
authority or regulatory body, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, 
change, action, interpretation, pronouncement or decision is made known; 
"Tax Certificate" means a certificate signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of 
the Issuer, stating that, as of its date, the circumstances constituting a Tax Event or a 
Withholding Tax Event (as the case may be) are prevailing and describing the facts leading 
thereto; 
a "Tax Event" shall occur if, as a result of a Change in Tax Law of the Taxing Jurisdiction which 
becomes effective or is announced on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 in 
respect of taxes, duties, governmental charges or civil liabilities with respect to the 
Notes or any payments thereunder;  
(b) 
to the extent (prior to the relevant Change in Tax Law) the Issuer was entitled to claim 
a deduction in respect of the Notes in computing its taxation liabilities, the Issuer is no 
longer, or will no longer be, entitled to claim a deduction in respect of payments in 
respect of the Notes in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of any such 
deduction would be reduced); or 
(c) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to the 
Notes as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or to be filed) 
by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which subjects the Issuer to 
additional taxes, duties or governmental charges or civil liabilities; 
"Tax Opinion" means an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing and 
experienced in such matters stating that, as of its date, the circumstances constituting a Tax 
Event or a Withholding Tax Event (as the case may be) are prevailing; 
"Taxing Jurisdiction" means the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof, having power to tax in which 
the Issuer is treated as having a permanent establishment, under the income tax laws of such 
jurisdiction; and 
a "Withholding Tax Event" shall occur if, in respect of any payment of principal or interest of the 
Notes, as a result of a Change in Tax Law of the Taxing Jurisdiction which becomes effective 
or is announced on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes, the Issuer would 
be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to Condition 5(j) below, if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Issuer 
may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to 
the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent (copied to the other Paying Agents, in the case 
of Bearer Notes) and the Registrar (copied to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Transfer Agents, in the case of Registered Notes); 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must 
be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") 
will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC and/or SIS, as the case may be, 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not more than 30 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection 
Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less 
than 15 days (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from 
(and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to 
this Condition 5(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5(b) above and Condition 6: 
(i) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement); and 
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360); or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 360); or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will 
be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
(e) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its consolidated subsidiaries may purchase Notes (provided that, in the 
case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise, subject to (to the extent 
applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time), (i) (in the case of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Applicable MREL Regulations or (in the case 
of the Subordinated Notes) the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations in force at the relevant 
time, (ii) the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required by the 
Applicable MREL Regulations or the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations, as the case 
may be) and (iii) applicable law and regulation. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the discretion of the Issuer, surrendered to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, for cancellation. 
In these Conditions: 
"Relevant Regulator" means (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) 
(i) (in respect of the Subordinated Notes) the Swedish FSA and (ii) (in respect of the Senior 
Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Swedish National Debt Office or such 
other authority tasked with matters relating to the qualification of securities of the Issuer or the 
Group, as the case may be, under the Applicable MREL Regulations; and 
"Swedish FSA" means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw: Finansinspektionen) 
or any successor entity primarily responsible for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the 
Group, as the case may be. 
(f) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together, in the case of Definitive 
Bearer Notes, with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 5(e) above (together, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, 
with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal 
Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
(g) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 5(a), 5(b) or 5(c) or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 6 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 
5(d)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date 
upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references 
to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
(h) 
Subordinated Notes - Redemption Upon the Occurrence of a Capital Event 
This Condition 5(h) applies only in the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being Subordinated Notes 
and where this Condition 5(h) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to "Notes" in 
this Condition 5(h) shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to Condition 5(j) below, if a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, within 90 calendar 
days of the occurrence of the relevant Capital Event, at its option, give notice to (i) the Trustee 
and (ii) the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable) that all 
(but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series shall be redeemed: 
(a) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the 
period of not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (2) if 
there is no Interest Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the first Interest Payment 
Date to occur after the expiry of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at their principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
together (in each case) with accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such notice, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Sweden 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and those regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy adopted from time to time 
and then in effect of the Relevant Regulator (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to 
the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be);

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
A "Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant 
Regulator, that by reason of the non-compliance of the Notes with the criteria for Tier 2 capital 
as a result of a change in Swedish law or Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations or any 
change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, either (i) the Notes are fully excluded or (ii) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies that Partial Capital Exclusion applies and to the extent partial exclusion 
is not prohibited under the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations, the Notes are fully or 
partially excluded, from the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be (other 
than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital), such determination 
to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors or other 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer; and 
"Tier 2 capital" means Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Capital Adequacy 
Regulations. 
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes - Redemption upon occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 5(i) applies only in the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and where this Condition 5(i) is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, and references to "Notes" and "Holders" in this Condition 5(i) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event the Issuer may, at its option, but subject 
to Condition 5(j), give notice to (i) the Trustee and (ii) the Holders in accordance with Condition 
15 (which notice shall be irrevocable) that all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes 
comprising the relevant Series shall be redeemed 
(a) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(b) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the 
period of not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (2) if 
there is no Interest Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the first Interest Payment 
Date to occur after the expiry of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at their principal amount or at such other amount as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
together (in each case) with accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such notice, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means, in respect of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as 
the case may be, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the determination by the Issuer that, as a result 
of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes, it is likely that the Notes will be fully excluded or partially 
excluded from the "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet 
any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if 
the Issuer or the Group is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL 
Requirement, such determination to be confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
signed by two directors or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, provided that a MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the 
remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable 
eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations or (2) any applicable limits on the 
amount of "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet 
any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
(j) 
Conditions to Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation  
No early redemption, purchase, substitution or variation as contemplated by this Condition 5 of 
such Notes may be made without the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent 
is required (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) by the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations or (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
(k) 
Substitution or Variation 
This Condition 5(k) applies only where this Condition 5(k) is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
references to "Notes" in this Condition 5(k) shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time, (i) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a 
MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing; (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, a 
Capital Event occurs and is continuing; (iii) in any case, a Withholding Tax Event occurs and is 
continuing; (iv) in any case, where "Tax Event Call" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, a Tax Event 
occurs and is continuing; or (v) in any case, in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 18(f), the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5(j) (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders or, subject as provided below, the 
Trustee) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to (i) the Trustee and (ii) the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all 
(but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes and/or the terms of the Trust 
Deed so that or provided that (as the case may be) they remain or, as appropriate, become, in 
the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined below), 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as 
defined below) or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as 
defined below), as the case may be. 
The Trustee shall (at the request and expense of the Issuer) agree to the substitution of the 
Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the Notes so that or provided that (as the case may 
be) they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Preferred Qualifying Securities, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying 
Securities, as the case may be, as aforesaid, provided that (i) the Trustee receives the 
certificate in the form described in the definition of Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case 
may be, in accordance with the provisions thereof, and (ii) the terms of the proposed Senior 
Preferred Qualifying Securities, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or Subordinated 
Qualifying Securities or the agreement to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
would not impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or reduce its 
protections or expose it to any liability.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
The Trustee shall not be liable for any such substitution or variation, as the case may be, or 
any consequences thereof. In these Conditions: 
"Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by 
the Issuer that: 
(a) 
(other than in respect of (i) the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f) and 
(ii) paragraph (4) below) have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders as a 
class than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by 
the Issuer, after having consulted an independent third party financial adviser of 
international standing, and provided that a certification to such effect of two directors 
or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the Trustee may rely without 
liability or enquiry to any person, shall have been delivered to the Trustee not less than 
five Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, such variation, as the case may be), provided that they shall (1) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) have 
the same redemption rights and obligations as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, including, but not limited to, as to 
timing and amount, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to 
any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, 
as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, (6) where the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes which have been substituted or varied had a solicited credit rating 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation, be assigned a solicited credit rating 
equal to or higher than (i) the solicited credit rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation or (ii) where the solicited credit rating 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was, as a result of Condition 18(f) becoming 
ineffective and/or unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the 
solicited credit rating of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such 
amendment, and (7) not include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-
offs, write-downs or conversion to equity, unless the triggers are objective and 
measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were 
listed immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer and 
approved by the Trustee. 
"Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(a) 
(other than in respect of (i) the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f) and 
(ii) paragraph (4) below) have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders as a 
class than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the 
Issuer, after having consulted an independent third party financial adviser of 
international standing, and provided that a certification to such effect of two directors 
or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the Trustee may rely without 
liability or enquiry to any person, shall have been delivered to the Trustee not less than 
five Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Senior Preferred Notes,

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Senior 
Preferred Notes, such variation, as the case may be), provided that they shall (1) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior 
Preferred Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) have 
the same redemption rights and obligations as the Senior Preferred Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, including, but not limited to, as to timing 
and amount, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred Notes to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, (6) where the Senior 
Preferred Notes which have been substituted or varied had a solicited credit rating 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation, be assigned a solicited credit rating 
equal to or higher than (i) the solicited credit rating of the Senior Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation or (ii) where the solicited credit rating 
of the Senior Preferred Notes was, as a result of Condition 18(f) becoming ineffective 
and/or unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the solicited 
credit rating of the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such amendment, and 
(7) not include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs 
or conversion to equity, unless the triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer and 
approved by the Trustee. 
"Subordinated Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(a) 
(other than in respect of (i) the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18(f) and 
(ii) paragraph (4) below) have terms not materially less favourable to the Holders as a 
class than the terms of the Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the 
Issuer, after having consulted an independent third party financial adviser of 
international standing, and provided that a certification to such effect of two directors 
or other Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, upon which the Trustee may rely without 
liability or enquiry to any person, shall have been delivered to the Trustee not less than 
five Business Days prior to (i) in the case of a substitution of the Subordinated Notes, 
the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation of the Subordinated 
Notes, such variation, as the case may be), provided that they shall (1) include a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (2) have the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the same redemption rights 
and obligations as the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, including, but not limited to, as to timing and amount, (4) comply with the 
then current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in relation to Tier 2 capital, (5) 
preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, (6) where the Subordinated Notes which 
have been substituted or varied had a solicited credit rating immediately prior to their

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
substitution or variation, be assigned a solicited credit rating equal to or higher than (i) 
the solicited credit rating of the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to their 
substitution or variation or (ii) where the solicited credit rating of the Subordinated Notes 
was, as a result of Condition 18(f) becoming ineffective and/or unenforceable, 
amended prior to such substitution or variation, the credit rating of the Subordinated 
Notes immediately prior to such amendment, and (7) not include any loss absorbing 
provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs or conversion to equity, unless the 
triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer and 
approved by the Trustee. 
6. 
Events of Default 
(i) 
The following shall be events of default (each an "Event of Default") in relation to the Notes of 
any Series, namely: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall default in the payment of principal in respect of any Note due and 
payable in accordance with these Conditions or the Issuer shall default in the payment 
of interest due on any Notes on an Interest Payment Date or any other date on which 
the payment of interest is compulsory and any such default continues for 15 days; or 
(B) 
a court or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Sweden (having 
jurisdiction in respect of the same) shall have instituted a proceeding or entered a 
decree or order for the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in any insolvency, 
rehabilitation, readjustment of debt, marshalling of assets and liabilities, or similar 
arrangements involving the Issuer or all or substantially all of its property and such 
proceeding, decree or order shall not have been vacated or shall have remained in 
force undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or 
(C) 
the Issuer shall file a petition to take advantage of any insolvency statute or voluntarily 
suspends payment of its obligations. 
If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in relation to any Series of Notes, 
the Trustee may at its discretion, and if so requested by Holders of at least one-quarter in 
principal amount of the Notes of such Series then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) will, by written notice to the Issuer 
declare that such Notes are and shall, subject to the provisions set out below in this Condition 
6, immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with all 
interest (if any) accrued thereon. 
If a Note becomes due and payable under this Condition 6(i), the Trustee may institute such 
steps, including the obtaining of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in respect 
of the Notes, as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt (Sw: 
konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation) but not otherwise and consequently if the Notes 
become due and payable under this Condition 6(i) the Issuer shall, with the prior consent of the 
Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required by the Applicable MREL Regulations (in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or the Applicable Capital 
Adequacy Regulations (in the case of Subordinated Notes)), only be required to make such 
payment after it has been declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: 
likvidation).

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(ii) 
The Trustee may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think 
fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under the 
Notes (other than, without prejudice to Condition 6(i)) above, any obligation for the payment of 
any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of 
the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the 
same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(iii) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Condition 6(i) and 6(ii) above or proving 
or claiming in the bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) or liquidation (Sw: likvidation) of the Issuer in the 
Kingdom of Sweden or elsewhere, shall be available to the Trustee or the Holders of Notes, 
whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach 
by the Issuer of any of its obligations or undertakings under the Notes or the Trust Deed. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this does not affect the Trustee’s personal rights to be paid and/or 
indemnified. 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Taxing 
Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, in the case of a payment of interest 
only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by any Holder after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts which would have been receivable by such Holder in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any 
payment in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with the Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by a Holder who is able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the relevant Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting the same for payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means, in respect of any payment, 
the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the 
moneys payable has not been received by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent on or prior 
to such due date, it means the first date on which the full amount of such moneys has been so 
received and notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the Holders of the Notes of the 
relevant Series in accordance with Condition 15. 
(c) 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to 
refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 7.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro or Renminbi will be made by credit 
or transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a 
payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) 
maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a Euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in Renminbi will be made by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by 
or on behalf of the payee with a bank in Hong Kong. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (a) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (b) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any law implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement). References to "Specified Currency" will include any successor 
currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 8(a) above against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Bearer Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States 
of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and 
other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Except as provided below, all payments of interest and principal with respect to Bearer Notes 
will be made at such paying agencies outside the United States as the Issuer may appoint from 
time to time and to accounts outside the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto 
(which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of 
matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case 
of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum 
due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years 
from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a 
Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Definitive Bearer Note from (and including) the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date 
shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant Definitive Bearer Note. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and 
including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
(c) 
Payments in Respect of Bearer Notes in Global Form 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any bearer global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
Definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant bearer global Note, 
where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such bearer global 
Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each 
payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, 
will be made on such bearer global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented 
or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
Payments in Respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes (whether in definitive or global form) will 
be made in the manner provided in Condition 8(a) above to the persons in whose name such 
Notes are registered at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day 
on which banks are open for business in the city where the Registrar is located) immediately 
prior to the relevant payment date against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of such Notes at the specified office of the 
Registrar.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Payments of interest due on a Registered Note (whether in definitive or global form) will be 
made in the manner specified in Condition 8(a) to the person in whose name such Note is 
registered (i) where in global form, at the close of business on the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) prior 
to such due date and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) 
(the "Record Date")) prior to such due date. In the case of payments by cheque, cheques will 
be mailed to the Holder (or the first named of joint Holders) at such Holder's registered address 
on the business day (as described above) immediately preceding the due date. 
If payment in respect of any Registered Notes is required by credit or transfer as referred to in 
Condition 8(a) above, application for such payment must be made by the Holder to the Registrar 
not later than the relevant Record Date. 
(e) 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
The Holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the Holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note must 
look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share 
of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the Holder of such global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of 
principal and/or interest in respect of such Bearer Notes will be made at the specified office of 
a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in 
respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by 
transfer by the Registrar (or the Principal Paying Agent acting on the Registrar's behalf) to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its 
nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the Holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;  
(B) 
each Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; and 
(C) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(ii) 
either (I) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (II) in relation to 
any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open or (III) in 
relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in Hong 
Kong are generally open for business and settlement for Renminbi payments in Hong 
Kong. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(iv) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
5(d)); and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(h) 
Payments in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 8, payments of principal and interest 
in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes shall be made only (a) through the Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent and the Intermediary as long as the Swiss Domestic Notes constitute Intermediated 
Securities or (b) if the Swiss Domestic Notes are in the form of Definitive Bearer Notes, at the 
offices of any Swiss Paying Agent in Switzerland in freely disposable Swiss Francs without 
collection costs and whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or 
residence of the Holder of Notes and without requiring any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment 
of any other formality. Payments on the Swiss Domestic Notes will also be made irrespective 
of any present or future transfer restrictions and regardless of any bilateral or multilateral 
payment or clearing agreement which may be applicable at any time to such payment. 
The receipt in full by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of the 
funds in Swiss Francs in Zürich in the manner provided by these Conditions and in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement shall release the Issuer from its obligations under the Swiss 
Domestic Notes for the payment of principal and interest due on the respective payment dates 
to the extent of such payments, except to the extent that there is default in the subsequent 
payment thereof to the Holders of Notes or Coupons (as the case may be). 
(i) 
Renminbi Account 
All payments in respect of any Note or Coupon in Renminbi will be made solely by credit to a 
registered Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the payee at a bank in Hong Kong 
in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time 
(including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong 
Kong). 
(j) 
Renminbi Currency Event 
If Renminbi Currency Events are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and a Renminbi Currency 
Event (as defined below) occurs, the Issuer, on giving not less than five nor more than thirty 
days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Holders and the Trustee prior 
to any due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations in respect of such 
payment (in whole or in part) by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the basis of the Spot 
Rate for the relevant Determination Date as promptly notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Paying Agents by the Calculation Agent. 
In such event, any payment of U.S. dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated 
account maintained by the payee with, or by a U.S. dollar denominated cheque drawn on, a 
bank in New York City; and the definition of "Payment Day" in Condition 8(f) shall mean any 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and (B) 
London and New York City. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in 
Hong Kong, London and New York City; 
"Determination Date" means the day which is three Determination Business Days before the 
due date of the relevant payment under the Notes;

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of Hong Kong; 
"Renminbi Currency Events" means any one of Renminbi Illiquidity, Renminbi Non-
Transferability and Renminbi Inconvertibility; 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute 
active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer; 
"Renminbi Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its 
obligation to pay interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes, as determined 
by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation with two Renminbi Dealers; 
"Renminbi Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes into Renminbi in the general Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure 
of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation); 
"Renminbi Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the Issuer to transfer Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside 
Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the Renminbi clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, 
due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars 
with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement 
in three Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 
11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference 
to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis 
by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation 
Agent shall (in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determine the Spot Rate 
at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date as the most recently 
available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement in three Determination Business Days 
reported by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the 
display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor 
service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a 
comparable currency exchange rate. 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine 
the Spot Rate, the Trustee shall determine (or, at the expense of the Issuer, appoint an expert 
to determine) the Spot Rate in such manner as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard 
as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition), it shall deem fair and reasonable

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
in all the circumstances and such determination shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 8(j) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest 
error and proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying 
Agents and all Holders of the Notes and (in the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no 
liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant 
to such provisions. 
9. 
Prescription 
(a) 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims 
in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date therefor. 
(b) 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
8(b) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 8(b). 
10. 
Agents 
The initial Agents and their respective initial specified offices are specified below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series of Notes, the names of 
such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. The Issuer (with the prior written approval 
of the Trustee (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld)) reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint additional or other Agents 
provided that (other than in the case of Swiss Domestic Notes): 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) in a jurisdiction 
within continental Europe; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the 
Principal Paying Agent, and a Registrar and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered 
Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Registrar (in the case of a Series of Registered Notes) which, 
if the Registrar originally appointed in respect of such Series had its specified office 
outside the United Kingdom, shall also have a specified office outside the United 
Kingdom; and 
(d) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other 
than U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an 
Exchange Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 8(e).

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
In the case of Swiss Domestic Notes, the Issuer will at all times maintain a Paying Agent having 
a specified office in Switzerland and will at no time appoint a Paying Agent having a specified 
office outside Switzerland. 
The Agents reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified offices to some 
other specified office in the same city. 
Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the Agents, will be notified promptly 
to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or of the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Notes), subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are listed, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses 
incurred in such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and 
otherwise as the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes and Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be delivered therefor. 
12. 
Meetings of Holders, Modification and Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Holders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Holders (including by audio or 
video conference call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including (without 
limitation) the modification of the Notes, the Coupons or of any provision of these Conditions or 
the Trust Deed. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Any Extraordinary Resolution (i) duly passed at any meeting of Holders or (ii) 
passed by way of electronic consents given by Holders through the relevant clearing system(s) 
will be binding on all Holders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or 
not they had voted on the resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Trustee, the Issuer or by the Trustee upon the request 
in writing of Holders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one or more persons being or representing Holders whatever the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; Provided, however, that certain proposals (including 
any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment, to change the currency of payments under the Notes or to change the 
quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution) may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Holders at which one or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent or, at 
any adjourned meeting, one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent 
in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding form a quorum. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Holders, 
whether present or not.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Holders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Holders under the Trust Deed will take effect as if 
it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Holders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Holders, to (i) any modification of any 
provision of the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct 
a manifest error or an error which is in the opinion of the Trustee proven and (ii) any other 
modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required, 
as mentioned in the Trust Deed) and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach, of any provision the Notes, of these Conditions or the Trust Deed or determine, without 
any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such, where, 
in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Holders. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer without the 
consent of the Holders in effecting (i) any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and 
as otherwise set out in Condition 4(d); (ii) any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(e), and (iii) any substitution of a 
Series of Notes or variation of the terms of a Series of Notes and/or the terms of the Trust Deed 
in respect thereof in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5(k). Any such 
modification, substitution, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Holders 
and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Holders as soon as 
practicable. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Holders as a class (but shall not have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Holders whatever 
their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences 
of any such exercise for individual Holders (whatever their number) resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall 
not be entitled to require, nor shall any Holder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee 
or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any 
such exercise upon individual Holders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 7 
and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 7 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
Any modification to these Conditions in relation to the Notes is subject to the prior permission 
of the Relevant Regulator (if such permission is required by the Applicable MREL Regulations 
or Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations, as the case may be).  
(c) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such 
amendments to the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, without 
the consent of the Holders except as provided below, to the substitution of any other company 
in place of the Issuer, or of any previously substituted company as principal debtor under the 
Notes, Coupons and the Trust Deed provided always that the Trustee is satisfied that the 
interests of the Holders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution, and certain other 
conditions set out in the Trust Deed are complied with. Any such substitution in relation to any 
Series of Notes is subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
required (in the case of Subordinated Notes) by the Applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations 
or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Applicable 
MREL Regulations). 
13. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable (subject to Condition 6, as applicable), 
the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against 
the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, 
but it need not take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Holders holding at least one-quarter in 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No Holder of Notes or Coupons may proceed 
directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do 
so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. The Trustee shall not be obliged to 
make a declaration as referred to in Condition 6(i) unless indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction. 
14. 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business 
transactions with the Issuer and any entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
15. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
(a) 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) will be deemed to be 
validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, if 
published in a leading English-language newspaper having general circulation in the United 
Kingdom approved by the Trustee or, in the case of Notes represented by a Temporary Global 
Note or a Permanent Global Note, if delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the persons shown in their respective records as having interests 
therein. Provided that, in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading 
by another relevant authority and if the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules or by such other means as required by the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given 
on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of first such 
publication) or, as the case may be, on the fourth Business Day after the date of such delivery. 
Notices to Holders of Swiss Domestic Notes will, save where another means of effective 
communication has been specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be 
validly given (i) if published in a leading daily newspaper with national circulation in Switzerland 
(which is expected to be the Neue Zürcher Zeitung), (ii) in the case of Swiss Domestic Notes 
represented by a Swiss Global Note, if delivered to SIS for communication by it to the persons 
shown in its records as having interests therein or (iii) in the case of Swiss Domestic Notes 
listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, if published in electronic form on the internet website of the 
SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd (www.six-swiss-exchange.com) under the section headed "Official 
Notices" or otherwise in accordance with the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. 
Provided that, in the case of Swiss Domestic Notes listed on any other stock exchange or

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any notice so given will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the date of first such publication) or, as the case may be, on the fourth Business Day after the 
date of such delivery. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice to the Holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
To Holders of Registered Notes 
(b) 
In the case of any Registered Notes represented by a global Note, notices shall be deemed to 
be validly given if delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for 
communication by them to the persons shown in their respective records as having interests 
therein. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such 
delivery. 
Notices to Holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the 
Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded in the register kept by the Registrar, and 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such 
mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules or by such other means as required 
by the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority. 
To the Issuer 
(c) 
Notices to the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to the Issuer at its official 
address registered with the Swedish Companies Office from time to time, for the attention of 
the Head of Group Treasury, and will be deemed to have been validly given at the opening of 
business on the next day on which the Issuer's principal office is open for business. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Notes of any Series 
create and issue further notes, bonds or debentures having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes of such Series in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price, 
the first payment of interest, if any, on them and the date from which interest starts to accrue) 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of such 
Series. 
17. 
Currency Indemnity 
The currency in which the Notes are denominated or, if different, payable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (the 
"Contractual Currency") is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes, including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a 
currency other than the Contractual Currency (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, 
a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any Holder of a Note or a 
Coupon in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a 
discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the Contractual Currency which such

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Holder is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on 
the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, 
on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that amount is less than the amount in 
the Contractual Currency expressed to be due to any Holder of a Note or a Coupon in respect 
of such Note or Coupon the Issuer shall indemnify such Holder against any loss sustained by 
such Holder as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify each such Holder against any 
cost of making such purchase which is reasonably incurred. These indemnities constitute a 
separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted 
by any Holder of a Note or a Coupon and shall continue in full force and effect despite any 
judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due in respect of 
the Notes or any judgment or order. Any such loss aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a 
loss suffered by the relevant Holder of a Note or a Coupon and no proof or evidence of any 
actual loss will be required by the Issuer. 
18. 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed, all matters arising from 
or connected with them and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except that 
the provisions in the Notes under Condition 3 and Clause 3 of the Trust Deed are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders that the courts 
of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from or 
connected with the Notes (including a Dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts referred to in Condition 18(b) are the 
most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not 
argue that any other courts are more appropriate or convenient. 
(d) 
Rights of Holders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 18(b) is for the benefit of 
the Trustee and the Holders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 18 prevents the Trustee 
or any Holder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") (including any 
Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes and the Trust Deed) in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, 
the Trustee and the Holders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any 
other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by 
being delivered in connection with any Proceedings in England to Business Sweden, The 
Swedish Trade & Invest Council at its office at 6th Floor, Winchester House, 5 Upper Montagu 
Street, London, W1H 2AG, United Kingdom. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively 
appointed to accept service of process on the Issuer's behalf, the Issuer shall, on the written 
demand of any Holder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified 
office of the Trustee, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its 
behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Holder shall be entitled to appoint such 
a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified 
office of the Trustee. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Holder to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in 
England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
(f) 
Acknowledgement of Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers: Notwithstanding and to 
the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements or 
understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 
18(f), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, 
each Holder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject 
to the exercise of Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and 
result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(I) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; 
(II) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the Holder of such shares, securities 
or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the Notes; 
(III) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
and 
(IV) 
the amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on 
which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18(f): 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts (as described in Condition 7) due on the 
Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer; and 
"Swedish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the 
Kingdom of Sweden, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to 
the Resolution Act (Lagen (2015:1016 om resolution)) as amended or replaced from time to 
time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or 
converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period).

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
19. 
Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
5 
Use and Estimated Net Amounts of Proceeds 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be 
applied/allocated by the Issuer as follows:  
(a) 
where "General Business Purposes" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for its general business 
purposes; or 
(b) 
where "Green Bonds" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, to a sub-portfolio of loans with a 
special purpose to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets that 
fulfil the Eligibility Criteria (each as defined below and as amended from time to time) 
set out in the Issuer’s green bond framework, as amended from time to time (the 
"Swedbank Green Bond Framework"). 
The estimated net amount of proceeds of each Tranche of Notes will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Eligible Green Assets  
The Swedbank Green Bond Framework’s "Eligibility Criteria" are intended to provide environmental 
benefits and promote the transition to low-carbon, climate resilient and sustainable economies through 
loans and investments in Nordic and Baltic countries in one or more of the following areas ("Eligible 
Green Assets"): 
 
Renewable energy projects, defined as renewable energy from wind energy, solar energy and 
small-scale hydro energy (in the case of small-scale hydro energy, Eligible Green Assets will 
be limited to those in Nordic countries). 
 
Energy efficiency, defined as green buildings, including residential or commercial buildings that 
earn certain recognised third-party environmental certifications, or other energy efficiency 
projects, including infrastructure, technology and processes such as energy storage, smart grid 
solutions and district heating/cooling. 
 
Sustainable management of living natural resources, defined as sustainable forestry and 
agriculture that meet certain recognised third-party environmental standards. 
 
Pollution prevention and control, defined as sustainable waste management, including 
recycling, waste-to-energy generation, incineration of non-recyclable municipal waste and 
energy generation from forest biomass from forests that meet certain recognised third-party 
environmental standards. 
 
Clean transportation, defined as public passenger transport and low carbon vehicular solutions, 
systems and charging/supporting infrastructure aimed at reducing air pollution. 
Green Asset Evaluation and Selection Process 
Swedbank’s business units select potential eligible green assets and prepare applications with 
supporting documentation for submission to Swedbank’s Group Sustainability department. Group 
Sustainability then performs a sustainability analysis for each application to determine whether the 
relevant asset satisfies the Eligibility Criteria. If approved by Group Sustainability, the application is then 
submitted to Swedbank’s Green Bond Committee. The Green Bond Committee, chaired by the Head

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
of Group Sustainability and comprising representatives from Group Risk, Group Treasury, LC&I and 
Swedish Banking, is responsible for final approval of all Eligible Green Assets. 
Management of Proceeds 
Once an Eligible Green Asset has been approved, it is registered in Swedbank’s green asset register 
(the "Green Asset Register"). Group Treasury monitors the Green Asset Register on a quarterly basis 
to ensure that all proceeds from Green Bond issuances are allocated to a corresponding amount of 
Eligible Green Assets. Group Treasury also ensures that the aggregate amount of Eligible Green Assets 
in the Green Asset Register is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount to be raised by a given 
issuance of Green Bonds. Proceeds of Green Bonds may be reallocated to other Eligible Green Assets 
during the term of the bond, including in the event that the original Eligible Green Assets are no longer 
the Green Assets Register. 
If for any reason the aggregate amount in the Green Asset Register is less than the total outstanding 
amount of Green Bonds issued, Swedbank will invest the excess proceeds in accordance with its 
internal sustainability policy framework and liquidity reserve requirements. 
Reporting 
The Swedbank Green Bond Framework is available at https://www.swedbank.com/investor-
relations/debt-investors/green-bonds.html. 
Swedbank will, on an annual basis, publish an impact report (a "Green Bond Impact Report"). Each 
Green Bond Impact Report will detail the total amount of Eligible Green Assets in the Green Asset 
Register and the total amount of Green Bonds outstanding at its date. The Green Bond Impact Report 
will also provide details on the environmental impacts of the Eligible Green Assets at the portfolio level. 
Green Bond Impact Reports will be published until the maturity of the relevant Green Bonds and be 
made available on the Issuer’s website. For the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in, or 
accessible through, the Issuer’s website is not incorporated by reference, and does not constitute part 
of, this Base Prospectus. 
Swedbank has also engaged an independent external auditor to review the allocation of Green Bond 
proceeds to Eligible Green Assets. Such auditor will be requested to provide a limited assurance report 
on the compliance of the allocation of such proceeds with the Swedbank Green Bond Framework on 
an annual basis, which report will be included in the Green Bond Impact Report.  
The Swedbank Green Bond Framework is subject to change in all respects at any time without notice. 
In addition, neither Swedbank nor the Dealers make any assurance or representation as to (i) whether 
the Eligible Green Assets will meet the relevant environmental and sustainability criteria or the 
expectations of investors regarding environmental impact and sustainability performance, (ii) whether 
the net proceeds of any Green Bonds will be capable of being applied in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms or (iii) the specific characteristics 
of the Eligible Green Assets. See "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue 
of Notes—In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a "Green Bond", 
there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an 
investor."

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
6 
Form of Notes; Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form 
Notes may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, be issued in bearer form ("Bearer 
Notes") or in registered form ("Registered Notes"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
6.1 
Form of Registered Notes 
In the case of Registered Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement may specify that the Notes will be issued in global form 
("Registered Global Notes") held in specified clearing systems, as described below, or in 
definitive form ("Registered Definitive Notes"). 
6.1.1 
Form of Registered Global Notes 
If Notes are to be issued in the form of Registered Global Notes, the Issuer will deliver an 
Unrestricted Registered Global Note (as defined below) and/or a Restricted Registered Global 
Note (as defined below) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
6.1.2 
Unrestricted and Restricted Registered Global Notes 
Registered Notes offered and sold to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S") may be represented by a Registered Global Note, without 
interest coupons (an "Unrestricted Registered Global Note") and Registered Notes offered and 
sold within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"), 
may be represented by a Registered Global Note, without interest coupons (a "Restricted 
Registered Global Note"). 
The Unrestricted Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the issue date for the 
relevant Tranche with a common depositary or a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for, 
and registered in the name of Citivic Nominees Limited as nominee for Euroclear Bank SA/ NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or in the name of a 
nominee of the common safekeeper. A beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Registered Global 
Note may at all times be held only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
Restricted Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the issue date for the relevant 
Tranche with the Registrar as custodian (the "Custodian") for, and registered in the name of 
Cede & Co. as nominee for, DTC. In the circumstances described below under "Exchange and 
Transfer of Registered Global Notes for Registered Definitive Notes", interests in any 
Unrestricted Registered Global Note will be exchangeable for unrestricted Registered Definitive 
Notes ("Unrestricted Registered Definitive Notes") and interests in any Restricted Registered 
Global Note will be exchangeable for restricted Registered Definitive Notes ("Restricted 
Registered Definitive Notes"). Restricted Registered Global Notes (and any Restricted 
Registered Definitive Notes issued in exchange therefor) will be subject to certain restrictions 
on transfer contained in a legend appearing on the face of such Note set forth under "Notice to 
Purchasers of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions". 
Each Unrestricted Registered Global Note will have an ISIN number and each Restricted 
Registered Global Note will have a CUSIP number. 
6.1.3 
Exchange of Interests in Unrestricted and Restricted Registered Global Notes; Transfers 
within and between DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
On or prior to the 40th day after the later of the commencement of the offering of the relevant 
Tranche and the issue date for that Tranche, a beneficial interest in the relevant Unrestricted 
Registered Global Note may be transferred to a person who wishes to take delivery of such 
beneficial interest through the relevant Restricted Registered Global Note only upon receipt by 
the Registrar (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a written certification from the transferor 
(in the applicable form provided in the Agency Agreement) to the effect of such transfer is being 
made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer 
within the meaning of Rule 144A, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and 
in accordance with any applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and any 
other applicable jurisdiction. After such 40th day, such certification requirements will no longer 
apply to such transfers, but such transfers will continue to be subject to the transfer restrictions 
contained in the legend appearing on the face of such Restricted Registered Global Note, as 
set out under "Notice to Purchasers of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions". 
Beneficial interests in a Restricted Registered Global Note may be transferred to a person who 
wishes to take delivery of such beneficial interest through the relevant Unrestricted Registered 
Global Note, only upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (in 
the applicable form provided in the Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being 
made in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or Rule 144 under the Securities 
Act (if available). 
Any beneficial interest in either the Restricted Registered Global Note or the Unrestricted 
Registered Global Note relating to any Series that is transferred to a person who takes delivery 
in the form of a beneficial interest in the other Registered Global Note relating to such Series 
will, upon transfer, cease to be a beneficial interest in such Registered Global Note and become 
a beneficial interest in the other Registered Global Note and, accordingly, will thereafter be 
subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to a beneficial interest in such 
other Registered Global Note for as long as it remains such an interest. 
6.1.4 
Owner of Registered Global Notes and Payments 
Subject to certain provisions of the Trust Deed relating to directions, sanctions and consents of 
Holders of Registered Notes and to meetings of Holders, so long as DTC or its nominee or 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their common depositary or the 
nominee of the common safekeeper, as the case may be, is the registered owner or Holder of 
a Registered Global Note, DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the 
case may be, will be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Notes represented by such 
Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Trust Deed and the Notes. Payments of 
principal, interest and additional amounts, if any, pursuant to Condition 8, if any, on Registered 
Global Notes will be made to DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as 
the case may be, as the registered Holder thereof. None of the Issuer, the Registrar, any 
Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent or any affiliate of any of the above will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account 
of beneficial ownership interests in Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.1.5 
Exchange and Transfer of Registered Global Notes for Registered Definitive Notes 
Beneficial interests in a Restricted Registered Global Note will be exchangeable for Restricted 
Registered Definitive Notes; (i) if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to 
discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the relevant Restricted 
Registered Global Note or ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the Exchange 
Act, or is at any time no longer eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a 
qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice of such ineligibility on the part of such

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
depositary; or (ii) if the Issuer, at its option, elects to terminate the book-entry system through 
DTC; or (iii) if an Event of Default as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is continuing; or (iv) if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, if the Holder of the relevant Restricted Registered Global Note requests that such 
interest be exchanged for Restricted Registered Definitive Notes in the relevant form; or (v) at 
the option of the Issuer, if the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar, by reason of any 
change in, or amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or 
withholding from any payment under the Notes which would not be required if such Notes were 
in definitive form. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Registered Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole 
but not in part, for Unrestricted Registered Definitive Notes: (i) if Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or (ii) if an Event of 
Default as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is continuing; or (iii) if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, if the Holder 
of the relevant Unrestricted Registered Global Note requests that such interest be exchanged 
for Unrestricted Registered Definitive Notes in the relevant from; or (iv) at the option of the 
Issuer, if the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar, by reason of any change in, or 
amendment to, Swedish law, is or will be required to make any deduction or withholding from 
any payment under the Notes which would not be required if such Notes were in definitive form. 
In such circumstances, (a) the Registrar will be required to notify all Holders of interests in the 
relevant Registered Global Notes registered in the name of DTC or its nominee or Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their common depositary or the nominee of the 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, of the availability of Restricted or Unrestricted 
Registered Definitive Notes, as the case may be, and (b) the Issuer will, at the cost of the Issuer, 
cause sufficient Unrestricted Registered Definitive Notes and/or Restricted Registered 
Definitive Notes, as the case may be, to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for 
completion, authentication and dispatch to the relevant Holders. A person having an interest in 
the relevant Registered Global Note must provide the Registrar with: 
(i) 
a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver the relevant Registered 
Definitive Note; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Restricted Registered Global Note only, a fully completed, signed 
certification substantially to the effect that the exchanging Holder is not transferring its 
interest at the time of such exchange or, in the case of simultaneous sale pursuant to 
Rule 144A, a certification that the transfer is being made in compliance with the 
provisions of Rule 144A. Restricted Registered Definitive Notes issued in exchange for 
a beneficial interest in a Restricted Registered Global Note will bear the legend 
applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A (as set out under "Notice to Purchasers 
of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions"). 
Notes in one form (bearer or registered) will not be exchangeable for Notes in the other. 
The Holder of a Registered Note may transfer such Registered Note in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Holder of a Registered 
Definitive Note may transfer such Note by surrendering it at the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent, together with the completed form of transfer thereon. Upon the transfer, 
exchange or replacement of Restricted Registered Definitive Notes issued in exchange for 
beneficial interests in a Restricted Registered Global Note bearing the legend referred to under 
"Notice to Purchasers of Restricted Notes and Transfer Restrictions", or upon specific request

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
for removal of the legend on a Restricted Registered Definitive Note, the Registrar will only 
deliver Restricted Registered Definitive Notes that bear such legend, or will refuse to remove 
such legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar an 
opinion, reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer, of counsel experienced in giving opinions with 
respect to questions arising under the securities laws of the United States to that effect neither 
such legend nor the restriction on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance 
with the provisions of such laws. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Registered Global 
Note for Registered Definitive Notes for a period of 15 calendar days preceding the due date 
for any payment in respect of the Notes. 
6.2 
Form of Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) with a maturity of more than 
one year will be issued in accordance with U.S. Treasury regulation 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with 
the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) ("TEFRA D") and will be 
represented upon issue by a temporary global Note in bearer form without interest coupons or 
talons (a "Temporary Global Note") which will: 
(i) 
if the Temporary Global Note is intended to be issued in New Global Note ("NGN") 
form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the 
"Common Depositary") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable either for Bearer Notes in definitive 
form ("Definitive Bearer Notes") or for interests in a permanent global Note in bearer form 
without interest coupons or talons (a "Permanent Global Note"), on or after the date (the 
"Exchange Date") which is 40 days after the date on which such Temporary Global Note is 
issued and upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership thereof or otherwise as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, in accordance with the terms of such Temporary Global 
Note and as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Any Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer 
Notes either (a) upon not less than 45 days' written notice (expiring at least 30 days after the 
Exchange Date) from the bearer to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein or (b) upon 
not less than 45 days' written notice (expiring at least 30 days after the Exchange Date) from 
the bearer to the Principal Paying Agent only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described therein. "Exchange Event" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, (i) either of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system by which the Notes have been accepted 
for clearing is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention to cease business permanently, (ii) an Event of 
Default as set out in Condition 6 occurs and is continuing or (iii) at the option of the Issuer if the 
Issuer or any Paying Agent, by reason of any change in, or amendment to, Swedish law, is or 
will be required to make any deduction or withholding from any payment under the Notes which 
would not be required if such Notes were in definitive form.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
In respect of Notes represented by a global Note issued in NGN form, the nominal amount of 
such Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of such Notes and a statement issued by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be conclusive evidence of the records of such 
parties at that time. 
6.2.1 
Payments in respect of Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) 
All payments, if any, in respect of the Definitive Bearer Notes will be made against presentation 
and surrender or, in respect of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, 
presentation of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, as the case 
may be, (if such Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form) at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment so made in respect of Notes 
when represented by a Permanent Global Note will be made by (i) in the case of Notes not 
intended to be issued in NGN form, endorsement on the relevant schedule to such Permanent 
Global Note by or on behalf of the relevant Paying Agent, which endorsement will be prima 
facie evidence that such payment has been made or (ii) in the case of Notes issued in NGN 
form, the relevant Paying Agent instructing Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to make 
appropriate entries in their records to reflect such payment. 
If any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Notes of a Series issued in accordance 
with TEFRA D occurs while any of the Notes of that Series are represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the relevant interest payment will be made on such Temporary Global Note 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the non-U.S. beneficial ownership thereof, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, in accordance with the terms of such Temporary Global 
Note. 
6.3 
Form of Bearer Notes which are Swiss Domestic Notes 
Each Tranche of Swiss Domestic Notes with a maturity of more than one year will be issued in 
accordance with TEFRA D (in accordance with usual Swiss practice) and will be represented 
by a permanent global Note (the "Swiss Global Note") which will be deposited with SIX SIS Ltd, 
the Swiss Securities Services Corporation located in Olten, Switzerland ("SIS") or, as the case 
may be, with any other intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss 
Exchange Ltd (SIS or any such other intermediary, the "Intermediary"), until final redemption or 
the printing of Definitive Bearer Notes. 
Once the Swiss Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the accounts 
of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Notes will constitute intermediated securities 
(Bucheffekten) ("Intermediated Securities") in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss 
Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each Holder (as such term shall be construed in accordance with the following paragraph) of 
Swiss Domestic Notes shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the 
Swiss Global Note to the extent of his claim against the Issuer, provided that for so long as the 
Swiss Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary the co-ownership interest shall be 
suspended and the Swiss Domestic Notes may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of by 
the entry of the transferred Swiss Domestic Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Domestic Notes held 
through each participant in that Intermediary. In respect of the Swiss Domestic Notes held in

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
the form of Intermediated Securities, the holders of the Swiss Domestic Notes will be the 
persons holding the Swiss Domestic Notes in a securities account in their own name and for 
their own account or in case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen) holding the Swiss Domestic Notes for their own account in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name. The term "Holder" as used herein shall, in 
relation to any such Swiss Domestic Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities, be 
construed accordingly. 
Holders of Swiss Domestic Notes do not have the right to request the printing and delivery of 
Definitive Bearer Notes. Interests in a Swiss Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but 
not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (i) determines that 
the printing and delivery of Definitive Bearer Notes is required by Swiss or other applicable laws 
and regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights or (ii) deems the printing and 
delivery of Definitive Bearer Notes to be useful or desirable for any other reason. Should the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of Definitive Bearer 
Notes without cost to the Holders. Upon delivery of the Definitive Bearer Notes, the Swiss 
Global Note will be cancelled and the Definitive Bearer Notes shall be delivered to the Holders 
against cancellation of the Swiss Domestic Notes in the Holders' securities accounts. 
6.3.1 
Payments in respect of Bearer Notes which are Swiss Domestic Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes shall be made only (a) 
through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent and the Intermediary as long as the Swiss Domestic 
Notes constitute Intermediated Securities or (b) if the Swiss Domestic Notes are in the form of 
Definitive Bearer Notes, at the offices of any Swiss Paying Agent in Switzerland without 
requiring any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment of any other formality. 
6.4 
Issuer-ICSDs Agreement 
The Issuer has entered or will enter into an agreement with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (together, the "ICSDs") in respect of any Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic 
Notes) issued in NGN form or any Registered Notes intended to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("NSS") that the Issuer may request be made eligible for settlement with 
the ICSDs (the "Issuer-ICSDs Agreement"). The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that the 
ICSDs will, in respect of any such Notes, inter alia, maintain records of their respective portion 
of the issue outstanding amount and will, upon the Issuer's request, produce a statement for 
the Issuer's use showing the total nominal amount of its customer holdings of such Notes as of 
a specified date.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
7 
Form of Final Terms 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes (other than 
Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) 
(the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II")]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be 
included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative 
target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as 
defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II")]; EITHER [(ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised 
sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales 
][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – In connection with Section 
309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Specified

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products.]4 
[IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached final terms (the "Final Terms") you agree to be bound by the following 
terms and conditions. 
The information contained in the Final Terms may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are 
residents of particular countries only as specified in the Final Terms and/or in the Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms) and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person 
outside those countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Final Terms is not addressed. Prior 
to relying on the information contained in the Final Terms, you must ascertain from the Final 
Terms and/or the Base Prospectus whether or not you are an intended addressee of the 
information contained therein. 
Neither the Final Terms nor the Base Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale 
would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities 
law of any such jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be 
offered or sold directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons or to persons within the United States of America (as such terms are defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Final Terms will only be 
offered [(i)] in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S [and (ii) to 
qualified institutional buyers (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) 
in reliance upon Rule 144A*].] 
[Date] 
SWEDBANK AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): M312WZV08Y7LYUC71685 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
U.S.$40,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [] [and []]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
                                                     
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer has re-classified the Notes as “capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products" and “Specified Investment Products" pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to 
the launch of the offer and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have 
received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. 
 Insert for 144A Notes only.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of these Final Terms, "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus 
[and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the [Base Prospectus/Information Memorandum] dated [15 May 2012/15 
May 2013/13 May 2014/13 May 2015/13 May 2016/12 May 2017/16 May 2018/14 May 2019/13 May 
2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2021 (the "Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [    ] [and [    ]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] in order to obtain all relevant information. 
For the purposes of these Final Terms, "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [] on [the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about []]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]5 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
                                                     
5 Use the abbreviation “CNY" for RMB Notes.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
 
[] 
 
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies are 
being used the following sample wording should 
be followed: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000].")6 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount:7 
[] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. N.B. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes and 
RMB Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent Fixed Rate] 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
[[] month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/ 
TIBOR/HIBOR/CNH HIBOR] +/-[] per cent 
Floating Rate] 
 
[SONIA (Non Index) +/- [     ] per cent Floating 
Rate] 
[SONIA (Index) +/- [    ] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SOFR Index +/- [    ] per cent Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
                                                     
6 Not applicable if Notes being issued are in registered form. 
7 For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Date is subject to modification the following alternative 
wording is appropriate: “Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01 (CNY0.005 being 
rounded upwards)."

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/ Payment Basis: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify details of any provision 
for conversion of Notes into another interest 
basis by cross-referring to paragraphs 14, 15 or 
16 below.] 
12. 
Call Option: 
[Issuer Call] [Not Applicable] 
 
[(see paragraph 18 below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred - Condition 3(a) will apply / 
Senior Non-Preferred - Condition 3(b) will apply / 
Subordinated - Condition 3(c) will apply] 
(a) 
[Redemption upon occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event and amounts payable on 
redemption thereof: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(i) will apply/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following 
the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 5(i), the Notes shall be 
redeemed in the amount of [] per Calculation 
Amount] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)] 
(b) 
[Redemption upon occurrence 
of Capital Event and amounts 
payable on redemption thereof: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(h) will apply/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following 
the occurrence of a Capital Event pursuant to 
Condition 5(h), the Notes shall be redeemed in 
the amount of [] per Calculation Amount] 
Partial Capital Exclusion: [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Subordinated Notes)] 
(c) 
[Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons: 
Condition 5(b) will apply 
Tax Event Call [Applicable - Condition 5(b)(A)(ii) 
will apply/Not Applicable]] 
(d) 
Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(k) will apply/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Condition 4(a)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year8, from and including 
[], up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount]9/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] []]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration 
 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(vii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
Adjustment: 
(Applicable to RMB Notes only) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
(Applicable to RMB Notes only) 
[[]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                     
8 Note that for certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes the Interest Payment Date is subject to modification and the 
following words should be added: “provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would thereby fall in the next calendar month in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day." 
9 For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Date is subject to modification the following alternative 
wording is appropriate: “Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01 (CNY0.005 being 
rounded upwards)."

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
(Condition 4(b)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][] per cent per annum 
(iv) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year, from and including [],  
up to and including the Maturity Date 
(vi) 
First Reset Date: 
[] 
(vii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[] [and []]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate/Reference Bond/CMT Rate] 
(If Reference Bond is specified as the applicable 
Reset Reference Rate, delete the remainder of 
this paragraph 15(ix)) 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Initial Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. (Only relevant where the Reset 
Reference Rate is Mid-Swap Rate) 
-  
First 
Reset 
Period 
Fallback Yield: 
[    ] (Only relevant where the Reset Reference 
Rate is not Mid-Swap Rate) 
(xiii) 
Reset Period Maturity Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
- 
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. 
(xiv) 
Last Observable Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
(xv) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Rate 
Previous Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Last 
Observable Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(xvii) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Other-
specify/Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(xx) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(xxii) 
Relevant (Reset) Time: 
[[]/As per Condition 4(b)/Not Applicable] 
(where Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the 
applicable Reset Reference Rate, Not Applicable 
can be selected) 
(xxiii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[] 
(xxiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 4(c)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(iii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[[] shall be the Calculation Agent]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
Reference Rate, Relevant Time 
and Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[[] 
month] 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR/CNH HIBOR] 
[SONIA (Non Index)] 
[SONIA (Index)] 
[SOFR Index] 
 
Relevant Time: [[][ in the Relevant Financial 
Centre]/As per Condition 4(c)(ii)] 
 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/
Tokyo/Hong Kong]](delete for SOFR Index 
Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
 
[The [    ] London Banking Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period] 
[Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Tokyo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
[Second Hong Kong business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
[[] days prior to the start of each Interest 
Period]  
 
(Specify the number of London Banking Days 
prior to the end of each Interest Period if SONIA, 
second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling 
or Euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period 
if Sterling LIBOR, the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR or Euro LIBOR, 
the second Stockholm business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if STIBOR, the 
second Oslo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if NIBOR, the first day of 
each Interest Period if CIBOR, the second Tokyo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if TIBOR, the first day of each interest 
period if HIBOR and the second Hong Kong 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if CNH HIBOR)

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
[As per Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(IV)] (SOFR Index 
Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
[Not Applicable] (SOFR Index Floating Rate 
Notes only) 
 
Relevant 
Fallback 
Screen Page: 
 
[      ](SONIA (Index) only) 
 
Observation Method: 
 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
Lag Look-back Period: 
 
[[    ] London Banking Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
 
[[    ] London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index Observation Shift 
Period: 
 
[5/[     ] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
p: 
 
[As per Conditions][Not Applicable][     ] (SOFR 
Index Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may 
not be available at the relevant time) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual 
Period 
shall 
be 
calculated 
using 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
(specify for each short or long interest period) 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent per annum

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xiii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC SOFR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee) 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
Event of Default: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes [on 45 days' notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]10 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date]]11 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Unrestricted Registered Global Note ([currency 
and 
amount] 
nominal 
amount)/Restricted 
Registered Global Note ([currency and amount] 
nominal amount)] 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
22. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place 
of payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which items 14(viii), 15(xxi) 
and 16(iii) relate) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
24. 
Renminbi Currency Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Calculation Agent: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
                                                     
10 The exchange upon notice/at any time option should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
11 This option must not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
25. 
Third Party Information: 
 
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised 
By: ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
Official List of Euronext Dublin 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market with effect from, or from about, 
[] 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes calculated by 
reference to a benchmark only) 
[Amounts 
payable 
under 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR/CNH HIBOR/[in the case of 
Reset Notes, insert name of relevant benchmark]] which is provided by [legal name of the 
benchmark administrator]. As at the date of this Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.  
[As 
far 
as 
the 
Issuer 
is 
aware, 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR/CNH HIBOR/[in the case of 
Reset Notes, insert name of relevant benchmark]][ [does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
3. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the [EEA] 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended).] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
[EEA] and is not registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.]

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [managers/dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[managers/dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reason for the offer: 
[Green Bonds][General Business Purposes][] 
(See "Use and Estimated Net Amounts of 
Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for the offer are different from General 
Business Purposes or Green Bonds, will need to 
include those reasons here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only - YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
Cusip: 
[] 
(iv) 
CINS: 
[] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
(together with the address of 
each such clearing system) and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
[]/[None]

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
additional 
Transfer 
Agents 
and/or Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] [include 
this text for Registered Notes which are to be 
held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS [include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the 
NSS]].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
Whether TEFRA D rules are 
applicable or TEFRA rules are 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
not applicable: 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes clearly do not 
constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes clearly do not 
constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.)

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
8 
Form of Pricing Supplement 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes issued under the Programme.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) 
(the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II")]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be 
included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details 
of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as 
defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) ("MiFID II")]; EITHER [(ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised 
sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].]]  
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales 
][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – In connection with Section 
309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Specified

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products.]12 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
"PROSPECTUS REGULATION") OR REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE "UK 
PROSPECTUS REGULATION") FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[Date] 
SWEDBANK AB (publ) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): M312WZV08Y7LYUC71685 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
U.S.$40,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to either Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, 
in each case, in relation to such offer.]13 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") [as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [    ] [and [    ]]]. Full information on Swedbank AB (publ) (the 
"Issuer") and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing 
Supplement and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the [Base Prospectus]/[[Base Prospectus/Information Memorandum] 
dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
                                                     
12 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Issuer has re-classified the Notes as “capital markets products 
other than prescribed capital markets products" and “Specified Investment Products" pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior 
to the launch of the offer and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have 
received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. 
13 Do not include if the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" legend is included (because the Notes potentially 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared) and the related selling restriction is specified 
to be "Applicable".

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about []]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]14 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
 
[] 
 
(N.B. 
Where 
multiple 
denominations 
above 
€100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies are 
being used the following sample wording should be 
followed: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000] ")15 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount:16 
[] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
insert 
the 
highest 
common factor. N.B. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
                                                     
14 Use the abbreviation “CNY" for RMB Notes. 
15 Not applicable if Notes being issued are in registered form. 
16 For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Date is subject to modification the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: “Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of 
Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01 
(CNY0.005 being rounded upwards)."

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes and RMB 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent Fixed Rate] 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
[[specify reference rate]+/-[] per cent Floating 
Rate] 
[SONIA (Non Index) +/- [] per cent Floating 
Rate] 
[SONIA (Index) +/- [] per cent Floating Rate] 
[SOFR Index +/- [] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[specify other] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent of their nominal 
amount]/[specify other] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/ Payment Basis: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Call Option: 
[Issuer Call] [Not Applicable] 
 
[(see paragraph 18 below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred - Condition 3(a) will apply / 
Senior Non-Preferred - Condition 3(b) will apply / 
Subordinated - Condition 3(c) will apply] 
(a) 
[Redemption upon occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification 
Event and amounts payable 
on redemption thereof: 
[Applicable 
– 
Condition 
5(i) 
will 
apply/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following 
the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 5(i), the Notes shall be 
redeemed in the amount of [] per Calculation 
Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes)] 
(b) 
[Redemption upon occurrence 
of Capital Event and amounts 
payable 
on 
redemption 
thereof: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(h) will apply/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following 
the occurrence of a Capital Event pursuant to 
Condition 5(h), the Notes shall be redeemed in the

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
amount of [] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
Partial Capital Exclusion: [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Subordinated Notes)] 
(c) 
[Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons: 
Condition 5(b) will apply 
Tax Event Call [Applicable - Condition 5(b)(A)(ii) 
will apply/Not Applicable]] 
(d) 
Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 5(k) will apply/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[(ii)] 
Date Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Condition 4(a)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year17, from and including [],  
up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount]18/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] []]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
                                                     
17 Note that for certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes the Interest Payment Date is subject to modification and the 
following words should be added: “provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would thereby fall in the next calendar month in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day." 
18 For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Date is subject to modification the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: “Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of 
Interest and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01 
(CNY0.005 being rounded upwards)."

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
[specify other] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. This 
will need to be amended in the case of regular 
interest payment dates which are not of equal 
duration 
 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(vii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
Adjustment: 
(Applicable to RMB Notes 
only) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
(Applicable to RMB Notes 
only) 
[[]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[None/give details] 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 4(b)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][] per cent per annum 
(iv) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year, from and including [],  
up to and including the Maturity Date 
(vi) 
First Reset Date: 
[] 
(vii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[] [and []]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate/Reference Bond/CMT Rate] 
(If Reference Bond is specified as the applicable 
Reset Reference Rate, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph 15(ix)) 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[]

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Maturity 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Initial Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
- 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. (Only relevant where the Reset 
Reference Rate is Mid-Swap Rate) 
- 
First 
Reset 
Period 
Fallback Yield: 
[] (Only relevant where the Reset Reference 
Rate is not Mid-Swap Rate) 
(xiii) 
Reset Period Maturity Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
- 
Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. 
(xiv) 
Last Observable Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Rate 
Previous Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Subsequent Reset Rate Last 
Observable 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
(xix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[specify other] 
(xx) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(xxii) 
Relevant (Reset) Time:  
[[]/As per Condition 4(b)/Not Applicable] 
(where Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the 
applicable Reset Reference Rate, Not Applicable 
can be selected) 
(xxiii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[]

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
(xxiv) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Reset Notes: 
[None/give details] 
(xxv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 4(c)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(iii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[[] 
shall 
be 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
Reference 
Rate, 
Relevant 
Time and Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[[] 
month] 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/TIBO
R/ HIBOR/CNH HIBOR/specify other] 
[SONIA (Non Index)] 
[SONIA (Index)] 
[SOFR Index] 
 
Relevant Time: [[] in the Relevant Financial 
Centre]/As per Condition 4(c)(ii)] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/T
okyo/Hong Kong/specify other](delete for SOFR 
Index Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
 
[The [] London Banking Day prior to the end of 
each Interest Period] 
[Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period]

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
 
[Second Stockholm business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
[Second Tokyo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
[Second Hong Kong business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
 
[[] days prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[specify other] 
(Specify the number of London Banking Days prior 
to the end of each Interest Period if SONIA, 
second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling 
or Euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or Euro LIBOR, the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if STIBOR, the second 
Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if NIBOR, the first day of each Interest 
Period if CIBOR, the second Tokyo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if TIBOR, 
the first day of each interest period if HIBOR and 
the second Hong Kong business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if CNH HIBOR) 
[As per Condition 4(c)(ii)(B)(IV)] (SOFR Index 
Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
[Not Applicable] (SOFR Index Floating Rate Notes 
only) 
 
Relevant 
Fallback 
Screen Page: 
 
[] (SONIA (Index) only) 
 
Observation Method: 
 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
Lag Look-back Period: 
 
[[] London Banking Days]/Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
 
[[] London Banking Days/Not Applicable]

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
 
SONIA Compounded 
Index 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
 
[5/[] London Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
p: 
 
[As per Conditions][Not Applicable][] (SOFR 
Index Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may 
not be available at the relevant time) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
(specify for each short or long interest period) 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[specify other] 
(xiii) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and 
any other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, if 
different from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[]

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC SOFR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[] 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent or Trustee) 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on Event of Default or other early 
redemption and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in Condition 
5(d)): 
[[] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes [on 45 days' notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]19 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]20 
 
[Swiss Global Note]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Unrestricted Registered Global Note ([currency 
and 
amount] 
nominal 
amount)/Restricted 
Registered Global Note ([currency and amount] 
nominal amount)] 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
22. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which items 14(viii), 15(xxi) and 16(iii) 
relate) 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
24. 
Renminbi Currency Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Calculation Agent: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
                                                     
19 The exchange upon notice at any time option should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
20 This option must not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: [€100,000] and integral multiples of €1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
25. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
26. 
Third Party Information: 
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.] (Insert for 
Swiss Domestic Notes only) 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised 
By: ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[[]/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [] with effect from, or from 
about, []]/Not Applicable] 
 
[For Notes listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd: 
 
Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the standard for bonds of 
the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd with effect from []. 
 
The last trading date will be the second business 
day prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
Application for definitive listing on the standard 
for bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd will be 
made as soon as practicable and, if granted, will 
only be granted after the Issue Date. 
 
Representation 
 
In accordance with Article 43 and 58a of the 
Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd, [] 
has 
been 
appointed 
by 
the 
Issuer 
as 
representative to lodge the listing application with 
the Admission Board of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
Ltd. 
 
Documents Available 
 
Copies of this Pricing Supplement and the Base 
Prospectus are available at [].] 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)].] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the [managers/dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[managers/dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
Cusip: 
[] 
(iv) 
CINS: 
[] 
(v) 
Swiss Security Number: 
[] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
SIX SIS Ltd (together with the 
address of each such clearing 
system) 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Settlement procedures: 
[Specify whether customary medium term note/ 
eurobond/'Swiss market/other settlement and 
payment procedures apply] 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(ix) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional 
Transfer 
Agents 
and/or 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
(including, in the case of Swiss 
Domestic Notes, the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent and any 
other Swiss Paying Agents) (if 
any): 
[] 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] [include 
this text for Registered Notes which are to be 
held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS [include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the 
NSS]].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
Whether TEFRA D rules are 
applicable or TEFRA rules are 
not applicable: 
[TEFRA D [in accordance with usual Swiss 
practice (the Notes shall be issued pursuant to 
the 
exemptions 
from 
the 
certification 
requirements under the TEFRA rules)]/TEFRA 
not applicable] 
(vii) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes clearly do not 
constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified).

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Green Bonds][General Business Purposes][] 
(See "Use and Estimated Net Amounts of 
Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for the offer are different from General 
Business Purposes or Green Bonds, will need to 
include those reasons here.) 
7. 
[Swiss Domestic Notes only - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
Authorisation: 
Pursuant to the Programme and the Subscription 
Agreement dated [] between the Issuer and [], 
the Issuer has decided to issue []. 
(ii) 
Use of Net Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes in the 
amount of CHF[] will be used by the Issuer for 
its general business purposes. 
(iii) 
No Material Change: 
There has been no material change in the 
Issuer's assets and liabilities, financial position 
and profit and loss since [insert date of most 
recent financial statements]. 
(iv) 
Taxation in Switzerland: 
[]]

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
9 
Swedbank 
9.1 
Overview 
Swedbank is a public limited liability bank company (Sw: Bankaktiebolag) incorporated under the laws 
of the Kingdom of Sweden and headquartered in Stockholm. It has its registered office at SE 105 34 
Stockholm, with its head office at Landsvägen 40, 172 63 Sundbyberg and its telephone number is +46 
(0)8 5859 0000. It has been registered in the Swedish Companies Registration Office in Sundsvall 
under registration number 502017-7753. Swedbank’s shares are listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. 
Swedbank was incorporated on 24 April 1942. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group served a total of 7.3 million private customers and 548,000 
corporate customers and organisations through approximately 430 branches in 10 countries, primarily 
in its principal markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. This includes customers reached 
through 58 associated independent savings banks that collaborate with Swedbank. The terms of such 
collaboration are governed by a common framework agreement which is agreed with the national 
association of savings banks, Sparbankernas Riksförbund, with each savings bank signing up to this 
agreement individually. During 2020, 9 branches were closed in Sweden, mainly due to changing 
customer behaviour where customers chose to interact with the Group digitally instead of visiting branch 
offices.  
As set out in Article 1 of its Articles of Association, the purpose of the Group is to conduct a banking 
business and financing operations, and operations naturally connected therewith. The Group offers a 
broad range of products and services, including retail banking, corporate and investment banking, asset 
management and insurance products, and the majority of the Group’s income in 2020 derived from its 
Swedish banking services. As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s loans to the public, excluding the 
SNDO and repurchase agreements, amounted to SEK 1,616 billion. The Group recorded SEK 21,116 
million in profit before impairments for the year ended 31 December 2020 and SEK 25,976 million in 
profit before impairments for the year ended 31 December 2019. Credit impairments for the year ended 
31 December 2020 amounted to SEK 4,334 million. Net profit attributable to the shareholders of 
Swedbank for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to SEK 12,929 million and SEK 19,697 
million for the year ended 31 December 2019. As of 31 December 2020, the Group had 16,213 full-time 
employees.  
The Group has a history dating back to 1820 when the first savings bank was founded in Sweden. In 
the early 1990s, each of Sparbanken Sverige and Föreningsbanken was merged with a number of 
regional savings banks and regional agricultural co-operative banks, respectively. In 1997, Sparbanken 
Sverige and Föreningsbanken merged to form FöreningsSparbanken. FöreningsSparbanken changed 
its name to Swedbank in 2006. Swedbank expanded its operations into the Baltic countries (Estonia, 
Latvia and Lithuania) in 1996 when it acquired a 12.5 per cent stake in Eesti Hoiupank, a bank that 
merged with Hansabank in 1998. In 1999, Swedbank acquired additional shares, resulting in a 50 per 
cent ownership of the shares in Hansabank and, in 2005, acquired all outstanding shares in Hansabank 
(now Swedbank AS).  The Group consists of four business segments: Swedish Banking, Baltic Banking, 
LC&I and Group Functions & Other.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
9.2 
Shareholders 
Largest shareholders as of 31 March 2021  
 
% of capital and votes  
2021 
Sparbanksgruppen  
11.15 
Folksam 
                         7.07 
Norges Bank 
4.66 
Alecta Pension Insurance 
4.56 
AMF Pension & Funds 
4.31 
Blackrock  
3.88 
Swedbank Robur Funds 
3.79 
Sparbanksstiftelser – excl. Sparbanksgruppen 
3.50 
Vanguard 
2.32 
T. Rowe Price 
1.92 
10 largest shareholders  
47.14 
Number of shareholders  
358,410 
9.3 
Strategy 
Swedbank’s strategy is to be a full-service bank with product offerings based on customer needs, high 
cost-efficiency and a low risk profile, aiming to create stability and predictability for our shareholders. 
Swedbank updated its strategic direction in 2020 and placed sustainability at the core of its business 
strategy. As a result of this updated business strategy, Swedbank has decided not to grant new 
financing in connection with the prospecting of new oil and gas fields or the unconventional extraction 
of fossil fuels.  
9.3.1 
Available Full-Service Bank 
Swedbank offers households, institutions, and businesses, both large and small, an accessible 
full-service bank in its four home markets: Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Swedbank 
offers its customers a range of banking services, everything from basic transactions to 
sophisticated advisory services and provides customers with a large, modern distribution 
network, making it easy for a broad base of customers to manage their finances. Swedbank 
provides efficient digital solutions for day-to-day financial needs and comprehensive advice 
through direct contact with Swedbank employees. 
9.3.2 
Offerings Based on Customers’ Needs 
Products which reflect customer needs and expectations are crucial to Swedbank’s success. 
Digitisation increases opportunities to meet each customer’s specific needs with the right 
offering. Swedbank creates better targeted offerings by analysing customer data and using 
each advisor’s experiences and knowledge. 
9.3.3 
Low Risk 
The foundation for Swedbank’s sustainable growth is a low risk profile. Swedbank’s lending is 
financed through deposits and capital market funding. Current low financing costs are the result 
of stable profitability in combination with high-quality lending and solid capitalisation. This is a 
prerequisite for winning the trust of the capital markets and benefits all of Swedbank’s 
stakeholders. Maintaining stable earnings over time requires not only a low credit risk level,

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
where each borrower’s solvency, solidity and collateral are carefully assessed, but also the 
ability to quickly adapt to market conditions and changing customer preferences. 
9.3.4 
High Cost Efficiency 
To remain competitive in the long-term, Swedbank is committed to improvements in cost 
efficiency and optimizing internal processes, which in turn create opportunities for the Group to 
invest in its products and channels and offer competitive prices to its customers. Specifically, 
Swedbank’s focus is to use technology and automation to reduce complexity, standardise 
products and offerings and increase efficiency in processes and the ways Swedbank works, 
with the ultimate goal of realising additional value from its investments and resources.  
9.4 
Business Segments 
The Group is comprised of four business segments. 
9.4.1 
Swedish Banking 
Swedish Banking is the Group’s largest business segment, offering a complete range of 
financial products and services to private customers as well as small and medium-sized 
companies through 159 branches as well as through telephone and internet banking. Through 
co-operation with local associated independent savings banks and partly-owned banks, the 
Group also offers its products through 190 additional branches, as of 31 December 2020. 
Swedish Banking is supported by a number of subsidiaries in Sweden such as Swedbank 
Mortgage (responsible for long-term mortgage lending) and Swedbank Robur (fund 
management and institutional and discretionary asset management).  
Mikael Björknert was appointed Head of Swedish Banking in 2019. Swedbank made major 
organisational changes to create simpler and clearer decision-making structures and facilitate 
the realisation of the bank’s strategy. As part of this change, most of the Customer Value 
Management unit, which among other things supports the Group with customer data analysis 
as a basis for designing offers, became part of the Swedish Banking business area as of 
January 2020. 
9.4.2 
Baltic Banking 
Baltic Banking offers a broad range of financial products and banking services, including 
mortgages, business and consumer loans, savings and current accounts, life insurance and 
leasing in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania through 82 branches as of 31 December 2020 as well 
as through telephone and internet banking. 
The Group holds leading positions in several key market segments in its Baltic home markets.21 
Jon Lidefelt was appointed the acting head of Baltic Banking after the departure of Charlotte 
Elsnitz in 2019 and took office as the new head of Baltic Banking on 9 July 2020. 
9.4.3 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
LC&I is responsible for Swedbank’s products and services for the largest companies and 
financial institutions. LC&I offers everything from traditional bank lending advice to liquidity 
management trading in financial instruments and analysis. LC&I is also responsible for 
developing corporate and capital market products for Swedish and Baltic Banking and the 
savings banks. LC&I is present in Sweden, Norway, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Finland,

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
Denmark, China, the United States and South Africa. Loans to the public in LC&I represented 
14 per cent of the Group’s total loans to the public outstanding as of 31 December 2020.  
In 2020, Ola Laurin stepped down as the head of LC&I with Björn Meltzer as the new acting 
head, effective 15 January 2021. 
9.4.4 
Group Functions & Other 
Group Functions & Other consists of centralised business support units and the client advisory 
unit Group Financial Products & Advice. The central units serve as strategic and administrative 
support and comprise Accounting & Finance, Communication, Risk, Digital Banking & IT, 
Compliance, Public Affairs, Human Resources and Legal. Group Treasury is responsible for 
Swedbank’s funding, liquidity and capital planning. In addition, Group Treasury sets the prices 
on all internal deposit and loan flows in the Group through internal interest rates, where the 
most important parameters are maturity, interest fixing period, currency and need for liquidity 
reserves. 
9.5 
Products and Services 
9.5.1 
Mortgage Lending Products 
The products offered primarily consist of loans secured by mortgages over underlying 
residential, agricultural and forest properties. Consumer real estate loans include fixed and 
variable rate loans for home purchase and refinancing needs. 
Both Swedbank and Swedbank Mortgage originate mortgages. Swedbank Mortgage is 
responsible for the origination of standard mortgage loans with up to an 85 per cent LTV ratio, 
whereas Swedbank is responsible for originating other loans including uncollateralised loans. 
The volume-weighted average LTV ratio in Swedbank Mortgage’s private residential loan 
portfolio was 54 per cent as of 31 December 2020, calculated on a property level (which gives 
effect to multiple mortgage loans on a given property). To benefit customers by offering a broad 
range of home buying services and reducing costs, while creating the opportunity to acquire 
profitable new businesses in this segment, the Group creates economies of scale by co-
operating with a number of partners including Swedbank’s subsidiary, Swedbank 
Fastighetsbyrå, various home builders and other construction companies.  
Swedbank Mortgage’s products primarily consist of loans secured by Swedish residential, 
agricultural and forest properties. 
Swedbank Mortgage lends exclusively in Sweden and primarily provides long-term loans 
secured by first ranking mortgages on existing properties. More than half of Swedbank 
Mortgage’s mortgage loan portfolio consists of loans to owners of single-family homes. It also 
grants loans for tenant-owner rights, multi-family housing, tenant-owner associations, 
municipalities, commercial properties and to the agriculture and forestry sector. 
Loans or single-family homes are primarily secured by first ranking mortgages and have interest 
rates fixed for between 60 days and 10 years. Swedbank Mortgage’s loans are either interest-
only loans or amortised over 10-60 years. Swedbank Mortgage’s lending to single-family 
housing is limited to 85 per cent of the market value of the property. Loans may be granted to 
applicants who have a prior ranking mortgage over their property with another lender, provided 
that the aggregated amount and ranking of the prior ranking mortgage and the Group’s own 
exposure under its mortgage is not higher than 85 per cent of the value of the mortgaged 
property.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
9.5.2 
Corporate Banking Products 
The Group offers a full range of corporate banking products and services for small and medium-
sized business clients and large and multinational corporate customers, including financing, 
cash management, leasing products, investment and risk-management services. In addition, 
the Group offers mortgage lending and lending to the agricultural and forestry industries through 
Swedbank Mortgage. 
The products offered include corporate loans as well as credit facilities adapted to meet the 
customers’ needs. Real estate loans are primarily aimed at public and private developers, home 
builders and commercial real estate companies. 
9.5.3 
Investment Banking Products 
The Group offers equity, fixed income and currency trading, project, export and acquisition 
financing and corporate services as part of its LC&I business. 
9.5.4 
Consumer Lending Products 
The Group offers a range of personal loans, both secured and unsecured, to its retail 
customers. These can be made for specific purposes, such as vehicle loans, or as general 
purpose personal loans. 
9.5.5 
Savings and Investment Products 
The Group offers a comprehensive range of deposit-related products, including traditional 
savings accounts and current accounts tailored to different customer segments. Through asset 
management and insurance, the Group offers its customers a comprehensive range of 
investment products, including equity funds, fixed income funds, insurance products and 
individual pension savings products. 
9.5.6 
Payment Services 
The Group offers a broad range of payment products, including debit, transaction services and 
card infrastructure. In retail transactions, the Group emphasises convenience and time saving 
by making automatic payment options available to the Group’s customers through direct debit 
or other electronic channels, such as e-bills or mobile and card payments. For corporate cash 
management, the focus is on offering clients a packaged, integrated solution. To meet the 
increased competition and the shift in customer preferences from brick-and-mortar to e-
commerce, the Group has developed a new full-service offer, Swedbank Pay, which brings 
together products and services from Swedbank and PayEx under a single brand in the Nordic 
market. Through Swedbank Pay, the Group helps companies both large and small to 
conveniently accept payment from their customers, through credit cards, e-commerce or in 
stores. 
9.6 
Legal Proceedings 
In February 2019, the television program "Uppdrag granskning," broadcast by the Swedish public 
broadcaster Sveriges Television, alleged that customers who may have been involved in money 
laundering transferred significant sums of money through the Group's Baltic subsidiaries. Authorities in 
Sweden, the Baltics and the United States have been, and are to some extent currently, conducting 
investigations regarding the Group’s historical compliance with applicable anti-money laundering and 
sanctions laws and regulations.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
The SFSA and the EFSA conducted separate but close investigations into money laundering allegations 
at the Group, as well as related issues involving the Group’s anti-money laundering controls, procedures 
and governance. 
9.6.1 
SFSA Investigation 
The SFSA investigation into Swedbank AB's governance of anti-money laundering measures 
in the Baltic operations launched in April 2019 and included the period 2015 to the first quarter 
of 2019. The SFSA investigation into Swedbank AB's compliance with Swedish legislation 
regarding anti money laundering and terrorism financing was initiated in November 2018 and 
covered the period April to November 2018, focusing on business risk assessment, risk 
classification of customers, policies and instructions, know-your-customer files, transaction 
monitoring and reporting of suspicious activities to external investigative bodies. The 
investigation was limited to traditional high risk customer categories such as politically exposed 
persons and private-banking customers. The Group replied to the SFSA's requests for 
comment on preliminary observations and conclusions, concurring with many of their 
observations and conclusions. On 19 March 2020, the SFSA announced that in relation to 
Swedbank's Swedish operations, Swedbank has deficiencies in its risk classification of 
customers and its transaction monitoring and concluded that Swedbank has not met the anti-
money laundering requirements in its Swedish operations. The SFSA also announced that 
Swedbank had large deficiencies in its governance of the risk of money laundering in its Baltic 
operations, finding its processes, routines and control systems insufficient; and noted that the 
Baltic subsidiaries lacked adequate resources to combat money laundering. The SFSA stated 
that despite internal and external reports warning about deficiencies in the Baltic operations 
and the risk of money laundering, Swedbank did not take proper and sufficient action. In 
addition, the SFSA noted that in their opinion, in some instances, Swedbank withheld 
documentation and information and in one case, in March 2019, Swedbank provided the SFSA 
with false information. As a result of the investigation, the SFSA issued Swedbank a warning 
and an administrative fine of SEK 4 billion. Swedbank announced that it accepted the decision 
of the SFSA and paid the fine in 2020. 
9.6.2 
EFSA Investigation 
The EFSA’s investigation was conducted from April to mid-November 2019 and assessed the 
set-up of the anti-money laundering organisation of Swedbank's Estonian subsidiary, the 
activities of management and staff in combatting money laundering and terrorist financing, the 
identification, analysis, management and mitigation of risks and the application of due diligence 
measures during the establishment of business relationships and the provision of services. The 
Group replied to the EFSA’s requests for comment on preliminary observations and 
conclusions, concurring with many of their observations and conclusions. On 19 March 2020, 
the EFSA announced that the Estonian subsidiary had severe deficiencies in its anti-money 
laundering risk control systems and that the bank failed to meet anti-money laundering 
requirements, noting examples of where the subsidiary withheld information during the 
investigation. The EFSA issued a precept that obliges Swedbank’s Estonian subsidiary to take 
comprehensive measures to properly understand and mitigate past and current risks. In 
addition, the Estonian subsidiary must review and amend its organisational framework to more 
effectively manage risks, change its practices in understanding client activities and must review 
practices for reporting suspicious transactions to the appropriate external investigative body 
and operational risk to EFSA. On 19 November 2020, Swedbank AS submitted a final report 
describing the actions taken to comply with the EFSA precept. On 28 January 2021, EFSA 
informed Swedbank AS that it considered activities and evidence delivered under the final 
report adequate and did not require additional remarks. EFSA will follow up on implementation 
activities as part of regular supervisory inspections.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
The Estonian state prosecutor’s office launched a parallel criminal investigation into the 
Estonian subsidiary to determine whether money laundering or other criminal acts occurred but 
has not disclosed a timeframe as to when it expects to announce a decision. As in many other 
countries, double jeopardy is not permitted in Estonia, and therefore the EFSA terminated its 
own misdemeanour investigation into the Estonian subsidiary in November 2019 to allow the 
prosecutor to continue with its criminal investigation. If the Estonian Prosecutor’s Office finds 
evidence of money laundering or other criminal acts, it could charge current or former 
individuals or Swedbank's Estonian subsidiary with criminal liability, which could include 
imprisonment for convicted individuals or a fine of up to EUR 16 million per conviction. 
Swedbank does not have any information as to whether the Estonian subsidiary will be treated 
as a suspect in this case. 
9.6.3 
Other investigations 
In March 2019, the Swedish Economic Crime Authority ("EBM") also launched an investigation 
into whether any crimes were committed in connection with the disclosure of information. The 
Group does not know when the EBM´s investigation will be completed. 
The European Central Bank ("ECB") also initiated an investigation of the Group’s operation in 
the Baltic countries. The ECB completed their investigation and the Group is implementing a 
number of remedies regarding governance, including control of subsidiaries.  
In addition to the investigations regarding anti-money laundering controls, U.S. authorities are 
also investigating whether any crimes or fraud were committed in connection with Swedbank’s 
disclosure of information regarding anti-money laundering issues. The Group does not currently 
know when the investigations may be concluded, or whether any sanctions or penalties may 
be imposed.  
Based on findings as a result of the Clifford Chance LLP investigation, discussed below, the 
Group notified OFAC on 11 March 2020 of 586 (which figure was corrected to 540 in December 
2020) transactions amounting to approximately USD 4.8 million (which figure was corrected to 
4.5 million in December 2020) which constitute potential OFAC violations. 95 per cent of the 
transactions were processed by the Group in the 2015 – 2016 period. Of the 586 transactions, 
508 transactions constitute salary payments and payments associated with the operation of a 
vessel whose owner and operator are located in Crimea and used Swedbank in the Baltics. 
The Clifford Chance investigation included all USD denominated transactions from the three 
Baltic subsidiaries in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, processed through the U.S. financial system 
during the period 22 March 2014 through 22 March 2019. 
On 18 September 2020, Swedbank received notification from the SFSA that it was investigating 
Swedbank for suspected historical breaches of MAR. The investigation encompasses the 
period from 20 September 2018 to 20 February 2019 and pertains to disclosure of inside 
information and the obligation to establish an insider list (Articles 17 and 18) in connection with 
the disclosure of suspected money laundering within the bank. 
In March 2021, the Nasdaq Stockholm AB (Nasdaq) informed Swedbank of the conclusions of 
its investigation as to whether Swedbank had violated the Nasdaq’s rules during the period 
from December 2016 to February 2019. According to Nasdaq, Swedbank breached the Market 
Abuse Regulation as relates to the publication of information related to Swedbank’s historical 
shortcomings tied to money laundering and did not fully satisfy the Nasdaq’s disclosure 
requirements. Later, the Nasdaq announced that it had forwarded the case to the disciplinary 
committee at Nasdaq Stockholm. In its quarterly report released on 27 April 2021, Swedbank 
stated that it largely concurs with Nasdaq’s view and allocated 7.5 annual fees (SEK 30m) for

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
the expected fine. On 5 May 2021, the disciplinary committee ordered Swedbank to pay a fine 
of 12 annual fees, equivalent to SEK 46.6 million. 
9.6.4 
Clifford Chance Investigation 
In February 2019, the Group hired an external law firm, Clifford Chance LLP, to lead an internal 
investigation to confirm facts and circumstances linked to historical shortcomings in 
Swedbank’s anti-money laundering systems and controls from January 2007 through March 
2019. The investigation included, among other things, a review of Swedbank and its global 
network of branches, as well as relevant wholly-owned subsidiaries. The investigation also 
covered customers, transactions and how the Group handled internal and external information 
disclosures. In total, over 30 billion transactions made between 2007 and March 2019 were 
included in the investigation, of which 15 billion were from Baltic Banking. The investigation 
also included an assessment of potential non-compliance by the Baltic subsidiaries or their 
customers with OFAC sanctions. 
The investigation was presented to the Board and parts of the Group’s management on 21 
March 2020 and released to the public on 23 March 2020. The broad investigation included 
billions of transaction records, approximately 160 million customer records and over 38 
terabytes of electronic and scanned hard copy data. Clifford Chance also conducted nearly 100 
interviews of 81 individuals, including current and former employees, managers and senior 
executives, current and former Board members and external counsel. Steps were taken to 
ensure compliance with applicable privacy, bank secrecy, employment and other relevant legal 
regimes. 
The investigation also included an assessment of potential sanctions breaches in the Baltic 
subsidiaries, including approximately 26.6 million transaction messages and 1.8 million USD-
denominated payments during a five-year period from 22 March 2014 through 22 March 2019. 
Of these transactions, the investigation identified 582 transactions (totalling approximately USD 
4.76 million), processed by the Baltic subsidiaries that may not have complied with OFAC 
blocking sanctions or country embargos. None of the 582 transactions involved any OFAC-
listed persons, and nearly all of them occurred prior to 2017, when the Baltic subsidiaries 
implemented an automated payment screening solution. 
Governance 
The investigation did not conclude that Swedbank engaged in money laundering or processed 
customer transactions that constituted the proceeds of crime. Among other things, this would 
require definitive knowledge of a customer’s source of funds, which was not available. However, 
the investigation revealed that the Group, throughout the period from January 2007 to March 
2019, and to varying degrees across LC&I, Swedish Banking and Baltic Banking had 
inadequate systems and controls to ensure proper management of anti-money laundering and 
economic sanctions risks from its customer base, thus exposing Swedbank and the Baltic 
subsidiaries to significant anti-money laundering and sanctions risk. The risk was most 
prevalent in the Baltic subsidiaries, primarily in Estonia from its HRNR business. From before 
2007 until 2016, Swedbank’s subsidiaries in Estonia and Latvia actively pursued high risk 
customers as a business strategy. For example, despite a special committee in the Estonian 
subsidiary to review customer on-boarding and maintenance of HRNR customers, the 
committee approved high risk customers without having complete documentation regarding the 
ultimate beneficial owners, proof of funding sources or explanation of legitimate business 
purposes and did not address red flags that arose from the information provided. Some 
corporate customers had complex and opaque ownership structures involving off-shore entities 
organized in low tax jurisdictions, as well as ownership through foreign trusts and similar 
vehicles for which the ultimate beneficial owners were difficult to verify. The Estonian subsidiary

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
also accepted certain customers despite awareness amongst employees, including relationship 
managers, that the listed beneficial owners were not the actual ultimate beneficial owners, or 
where the prospective customer refused to provide verifiable beneficial ownership information. 
In addition, the deficiencies in the Group's anti-money laundering systems and controls were 
not limited to the Baltic Banking, as certain of these high-risk customers in Baltic Banking were 
allowed to open accounts in the Group’s other business areas in Sweden, Swedish Banking 
and LC&I. These customers have since been offboarded. Overall, the investigation showed that 
during the period 2014 to 2019, the Baltic subsidiaries conducted transactions (approximately 
EUR 17.8 billion in payments to customer accounts; approximately EUR 18.9 billion in 
payments from customer accounts) that represented a high risk for money laundering. 
Accountability 
Although Swedbank has attempted to enhance its compliance control and risk management 
systems in the Baltic subsidiaries since 2016, the investigation found that these efforts were 
impeded by a number of governance failings. For example, Swedbank’s senior management 
historically failed to establish clear lines of anti-money laundering responsibilities, particularly 
as between the business (first line of defence) and the Group’s compliance function (second 
line of defence), or to ensure that the Group’s compliance function could successfully challenge 
the decisions of the business. In addition, Swedbank’s former CEOs appeared to lack adequate 
appreciation for the severe risk posed to the Group by the HRNR business in Baltic Banking. 
In particular, Swedbank failed to adopt a Group-level anti-money laundering risk appetite 
statement until 2017 and did not take steps to ensure a consistent approach to risk rating 
customers across business lines. In addition, the investigation found that because Swedbank's 
senior management failed to appreciate the degree of legal and reputational risk to Swedbank, 
management did not always engage with the Board in a manner consistent with the importance 
of these issues. The investigation did not find evidence that either the Board, Risk and Capital 
Committee or the Audit Committee were adequately informed of the degree of legal and 
reputational risk posed by these deficiencies arising from the high-risk customer base that the 
Baltic subsidiaries had serviced historically. Nevertheless, several Group internal audit reports 
(from 2015 through early 2017) to the Board and the Audit Committee gave the Board notice of 
the prospect of regulatory sanctions or elevated reputation risk arising from identified 
deficiencies in the Baltic subsidiaries with respect to weak sanctions screening data, insufficient 
KYC processes and transaction monitoring and defects in the payments screening process. 
Notwithstanding these warnings, the Board did not take action to manage anti-money 
laundering risk in the Baltics commensurate with the degree of legal and reputational risk 
presented. The investigation found little evidence of any substantive discussion of these issues 
at the respective Board or Audit Committee meetings. Therefore, while the Board was not 
adequately apprised by management of the full extent of the risk posed by the anti-money 
laundering deficiencies in the Baltics, the Board also did not act adequately to manage and 
control the risk of money laundering (of which it was made aware). 
Interactions with Regulators 
The investigation also noted that in certain instances, Swedbank’s responses to regulators 
regarding anti-money laundering-related topics were not always actively transparent, including 
de-emphasizing negative information or employing a narrow or literal reading of certain 
requests. In considering accountability, the investigation concluded that the three former CEOs 
who served during the relevant investigation period, the Board and certain employees (including 
senior managers to relationship managers) all contributed to Swedbank’s failure to recognise 
and manage the significant legal and reputational risk to Swedbank posed by its HRNR portfolio 
in the Baltic subsidiaries. 
Public Disclosures

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
The investigation also considered the completeness and accuracy of Swedbank’s public 
disclosures concerning anti-money laundering compliance and related issues. Specifically, 
Clifford Chance reviewed public statements made by Swedbank and its executives from 
January 2014 through March 2019, including for example, interim and annual reports issued by 
Swedbank and associated materials, other statements and presentations in communications 
with investors, analysts, and the financial community, corporate debt offering documents and 
media appearances and publications. When considered in light of the facts developed in the 
investigation, certain statements made during October 2018 and February 2019 by Swedbank 
and its executives concerning Swedbank’s historical anti-money laundering compliance, then 
current anti-money laundering compliance, and exposure to certain types of anti-money 
laundering risk, were inaccurate or presented without sufficient context. 
Remediation  
As part of its ongoing response to the money-laundering investigations, the Group created a 
new Special Task Force led by former Head of Group Treasury Tomas Hedberg, who reports 
directly to the CEO. Since the Clifford Chance investigation began in early 2019, the Group has 
taken a number of actions to remedy shortcomings and ensure a sustainable corporate 
governance in Swedbank.  
An action plan was introduced in October 2019 to manage the identified shortcomings. As of 
31 December 2020, the action plan consisted of 244 points and the majority of the activities 
were completed on time (with an original deadline in 2020). A few activities have been 
postponed to 2021 with appropriate plans in place for their implementation. The improvements 
made in 2020 as a result of the action plan have laid the foundation for Swedbank´s ongoing 
commitment to international best practices and its goal of implementing effective and efficient 
processes to fight financial crime.22 
In addition, Swedbank has, since 2019, appointed a new CEO and a mostly new management 
team, including a new Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"), a new Chief Legal Officer, a new 
Head of Risk, a new Head of Baltic Banking, a new Head of Communication and Sustainability 
and a new CEO of the Estonian subsidiary. Swedbank also took other employment actions 
dictated largely by the historical shortcomings. Moreover, Swedbank appointed a new Board 
chair in 2019 and three new Board members. In 2020, five new Board members were elected 
resulting in the Board being comprised of mostly new members. Under this new leadership 
team, Swedbank has focused on transforming its approach to anti-money laundering and 
counter-terrorist financing and sanctions policies and procedures, creating new roles, 
appointing new personnel, increasing resources, revising and strengthening policies and 
procedures and taking steps to continue the process of de-risking its customer portfolio 
including in the Baltic subsidiaries. To date, Swedbank has nearly doubled the number of 
employees dedicated to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing initiatives, and 
aims to have a total of nearly 1,500 such employees exclusively working to combat financial 
crime. Swedbank appointed two new board members at the 2021 annual general meeting 
resulting in the Board being comprised in total of twelve board members.   
As of 23 March 2020 and as a result of external investigations conducted by the SFSA, the 
EFSA and the Group’s internal investigation into allegations of anti-money laundering and 
potential sanctions breaches, the Board also decided to unilaterally cancel severance 
payments to the former CEO (which were originally planned to start 29 March 2020). In addition, 
Swedbank’s Board of Directors previously appointed external legal advisors to investigate 
                                                     
22 On 19  November 2020, Swedbank presented its final report to the Estonian Financial Supervisory Authority describing the 
steps and measures taken to remedy the shortcomings identified by the authority in March 2020. On 28 January 2021 the 
Estonian Financial Supervisory Authority announced that it considered the measures taken to be satisfactory.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
liability issues relating to the former CEOs and Board members identified in Clifford Chance 
LLP’s March 2020 report. Based on the findings of these investigations, as well as an analysis 
of the legal circumstances and other relevant considerations, the likelihood of success of any 
claim for damages against the former CEOs and Board members was deemed to be extremely 
low. Therefore, on 25 February 2021, the Board of Directors decided not to file claims for 
damages against the former CEOs and Board members in relation to matters covered in the 
Clifford Chance LLP report. 
In addition, during 2020, several external experts were hired to evaluate Swedbank’s internal 
processes regarding compliance, roles, and responsibilities, AML/CTF expertise, business 
culture, and the Group’s transactional monitoring system. In addition, a new system for external 
whistle blowing was launched. 
As part of these ongoing de-risking and remediation efforts, and with input from Clifford Chance, 
Swedbank and its Baltic subsidiaries have (a) embarked on a much more comprehensive 
approach and remediation plan to address and to strengthen the anti-money 
laundering/counter-terrorist financing and sanctions frameworks; (b) undertaken a review of 
Swedbank’s corporate governance; (c) engaged external consultants to assist in remediation 
efforts; (d) increased anti-money laundering/counter-terrorist financing resources; (e) initiated 
a compliance transformation program; (f) performed a cultural assessment and started 
implementation of necessary changes and (g) continued to off-board customers who do not 
meet Swedbank’s risk appetite. 
In February 2021 it was announced that the Board had decided to establish a Baltic subsidiary 
in the form of a holding company, which, in turn, will own the current subsidiaries in Estonia, 
Lithuania and Latvia. The holding company will be seated in Riga and is intended to strengthen 
governance and control in the Baltics. 
Quality Assurance – Compliance Function 
During 2020, the Group completed an evaluation of the Group’s overarching structure to 
manage compliance risks and benchmark Swedbank’s processes against industry-leading 
standard. The evaluation identified a number of areas for improvement, which are currently 
being addressed within an ongoing Compliance Transformation Project. 
Quality Assurance – Corporate Culture 
A comprehensive review of Swedbank’s corporate culture was started during 2020 to identify 
strengths and areas of improvement. A large number of Group employees provided their 
opinions and participated in surveys and focus groups. The review concluded in spring 2020 
and resulted in a focus on developing a clear strategy, creating effective governance, 
strengthening leadership and reshaping performance management to strengthen the corporate 
culture.  
Quality Assurance – Corporate Governance 
An evaluation of the Group’s internal governance and control was conducted in 2020. 
Swedbank’s CEO has overarching responsibility for the project, which is managed by the 
Group’s Chief Legal Officer.  
In addition to strengthening oversight, steering and control, the corporate governance review 
at the Group-level will also ensure certain synergies in, for instance, the allocation of roles, 
responsibilities and principles for reporting and escalation. The implementation of corporate 
governance changes is underway in 2021 with several separate work streams and in ordinary

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
process for implementation. Important aspects include the establishment of a new Baltic 
subsidiary in the form of a holding company which, in turn, will own the current subsidiaries in 
Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia. This will ensure that governance and control in the business area 
Baltic Banking are strengthened and that the responsibilities and duties of management are 
clarified. Furthermore, Swedbank has implemented a mandatory training programme on 
corporate governance for, among others, senior executives, board members in major 
subsidiaries and employees who are involved in the corporate governance process, with the 
goal of increasing awareness among employees of the importance of an improved culture with 
respect to combating financial crime. 
The Board of Directors plays an active role in the governance oversight through the 
Governance Committee formed at the end of 2019. 
9.6.5 
Auditor Recommendations 
Within the scope of the 2019 audit of Swedbank, the Group’s independent auditor, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB ("PwC"), also audited administration of the Group’s Board of 
Directors and the Managing Directors. Based on their findings and factoring that the various 
investigations were not complete at the time, PwC, in the auditor’s report, recommended that 
the shareholders not discharge the former CEO from liability. Similarly, due to potential financial 
consequences such as fines, withdrawn licenses, restrictions on currency trading and other 
sanctions, PwC considered the extent to which any deficiencies in regulatory compliance may 
have affected the financial statements of the annual report. This included accounting and 
disclosure regarding reserves and contingent liabilities. No such recommendations were issued 
by PwC in relation to the 2020 audit of Swedbank. 
Swedbank has not allocated any provisions for fines or penalties. Current accounting rules 
provide that the Group is able to determine with a high probability the size of any fines or 
penalties before a provision can be allocated, and this has not been possible to date. 
9.7 
Key Geographic Markets and Competition 
The Group currently operates in four geographic home markets: Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
The Group faces a variety of competition in these markets. In addition to traditional competition from 
Nordic and Baltic banks, fintech and other new market entrants are increasingly attempting to gain 
market recognition. As Nordic banks and niche players strengthen their positions within segments, the 
banking market has become increasingly consolidated. 
To support business in these markets, the Group has established branches in neighbouring markets 
such as Finland, Norway and Denmark, as well as in major markets of financial importance such as in 
the United States (where the Group has a branch) and China (where the Group has a branch). 
Additionally, the Group is represented in Spain and South Africa. The Group’s offices in Luxembourg 
are in the process of being closed. 
Below is a chart showing Swedbank’s corporate structure as of the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
 
9.7.1 
Sweden 
The banking sector is fairly concentrated in the Group’s home market of Sweden. In 2020, the 
Group, Svenska Handelsbanken, Nordea and SEB accounted for approximately 60 to 75 per 
cent of deposits and lending (adjusted for Stabelo, Svensk Hypotekspension and Hypoteket), 
according to Statistics Sweden. These major banks offer a wide range of financial products and 
services and compete in all key product segments. In Sweden, the Group is the largest retail 
bank and has a leading market position in private mortgage lending (23 per cent) and deposits 
from private customers (19 per cent) as of 31 December 2020.23 The Group believes that 
consumers have been more willing to change banks in recent years due to pricing and a sense 
of stability. During the past year, the major banks have become more competitive, thus 
regaining market share from smaller players. 
9.7.2 
Estonia 
The Estonian banking sector is even more concentrated than Sweden’s. The market is 
dominated by foreign banks. In Estonia, the Group had a market share of 51 per cent for private 
deposits and 43 per cent for private lending as of 30 November 2020. In the Estonian corporate 
market, the Group’s market share was 37 per cent for lending and 44 per cent for deposits as 
of 30 November 2020.24 
9.7.3 
Latvia 
Latvia has a more fragmented market where local banks account for a significant portion of the 
various segments. As of 30 September 2020, the Group had a market share of 33 per cent of

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
private deposits and 35 per cent of private lending. In the corporate market, the market share 
was 28 per cent for deposits and 22 per cent. for lending as of 30 September 2020.25 
9.7.4 
Lithuania 
Like Sweden, the banking market in Lithuania is dominated by a few major players. As of 30 
September 2020, the Group had a market share of 44 per cent26 of private deposits and 39 per 
cent of private lending. In the corporate market, the Group’s share was 22 per cent for lending 
and 27 per cent for deposits as of 30 September 2020. 
9.8 
Information Technology  
9.8.1 
Overview – Digital Banking & IT 
Swedbank operates a federated information technology ("IT") delivery model. Application 
development and maintenance is distributed into individual Business Areas and Group 
Functions, whereas responsibility for core infrastructure and operation IT services as well as 
governance functions is located in the Digital Banking & IT unit. Merging IT infrastructure and 
operation with Digital Banking, which was effective as of 1 January 2020, brought together 
expertise in the development of digital services, customer experience and infrastructure. 
Swedbank IT serves the Group in Sweden and the Baltic countries. In addition, Swedbank IT 
provides IT services to those associated independent savings banks in Sweden co-operating 
with the Group and which offer mortgage loans funded by Swedbank Mortgage. The main data 
centres are located in Sweden and Estonia and contain sufficient back-up storage. 
Customers can satisfy most of their routine banking requirements through alternate channels 
such as ATMs, debit cards, telephone banking, the internet and mobile devices. The Group’s 
digital bank services have approximately 5 million digitally active customers. Through 
information and a differentiated pricing model, the Group intends to make it easier for customers 
to select the most effective way to communicate with Swedbank for a variety of matters, as 
evidenced, for example, by a number of new digital functions launched by Swedbank in recent 
years, which make everyday banking easier for customers. 
  
 
                                                     
 
6Association of Lithuanian Banks.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
10 
Risk Management 
Swedbank defines risk as a potentially negative impact on the value of the Group that may arise from 
current internal processes or from internal or external future events. The concept of risk combines the 
probability of an event occurring with the impact such event would have on profit and loss, equity and 
value of the Group. 
Risk arises in all financial operations, hence a deep understanding and solid management of risk is 
central for any successful business.  
The Board of Directors has adopted an Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") policy depicting the risk 
framework, risk management process and the roles and responsibilities for risk management. 
Swedbank continuously identifies the risks generated in its operations and has designed processes to 
manage them. 
10.1 
The Group’s Risk Management is based on the principle of the Three Lines of Defence  
Successful risk management requires a strong risk culture and a common approach. Swedbank has 
built its approach to risk management on the concept of three lines of defence with a clear division of 
responsibilities between the risk owners in the first line of defence responsible for managing risks and 
the various control functions, i.e. Group Risk, Group Compliance and Group Internal Audit. 
 
10.2 
Three levels of risk management  
10.2.1 First Line of Defence – Risk Management by Business Operations 
The first line of defence refers to all risk management activities carried out by the business 
areas, product areas and group functions. First line management take or are subject to risks 
and are responsible for continuous and active risk management. Management owns the risk 
within their respective area of responsibility and are responsible for ensuring there are 
appropriate processes and internal control structures in place that aim to ensure that risks are 
identified, assessed, managed, monitored, reported and kept within the boundaries of the 
Group’s appetite in accordance with the risk management framework. First line responsibilities 
also include establishing relevant governance structure and to secure that activities comply with 
external and internal requirements. An important part of the Risk Management Framework is to 
clarify the ultimate risk management responsibility of the first line of defence. 
10.2.2 Second Line of Defence – Risk and Control Functions

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
The second line of defence refers to the independent control functions, the risk organisation 
(Group Risk) and the compliance organisation (Group Compliance). These functions define the 
risk management framework, covering all material risks that the Group faces. The framework 
governs how to identify, assess, measure, manage, monitor and report on risks. The second 
line also monitors and assesses whether effective risk management processes and controls 
are implemented by relevant risk owners. The second line challenges and validates the first 
line’s risk management activities, controls and analyses the Group’s material risks and provides 
independent risk reporting to the CEO and the Board. 
The second line of defence is organisationally independent from first line and may not carry out 
operational activities in the business or the unit they monitor and control. 
10.2.3 Third Line of Defence – Internal Audit  
The third line of defence refers to Group Internal Audit, which is governed by and reports to the 
Board. Group Internal Audit is responsible for evaluating governance, risk management and 
control processes within the first and second lines of defence. The third line of defence is to be 
organisationally independent from the first and second lines and shall not carry out operational 
activities in other functions.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
11 
Management 
11.1 
Board of Directors 
The Swedbank Board of Directors (the "Board") has overarching responsibility for managing 
the Group’s affairs in the interest of both Swedbank and the shareholders. The Board carries 
out its role in a sustainable manner, with a focus on the Group’s customers’ interests and sound 
risk management, to ensure the Group’s long-term survival and instil trust in the market. 
On 28 May 2020, Swedbank held its Annual General Meeting ("AGM") and increased the total 
number of board members from nine to ten, electing five new Board members and re-electing 
five existing Board members. The new members of the Board were Bo Bengtsson, Göran 
Bengtsson, Hans Eckerström, Bengt-Erik Lindgren and Biljana Pehrsson.  The majority of 
members elected at the AGM are independent in relation to Swedbank and the Group Executive 
Committee and independent in relation to Swedbank’s major shareholders. The Board also 
includes two employee representatives in accordance with special agreements with the 
Financial Sector Union of Sweden and Akademikerföreningen. 
At the Annual General Meeting of 2021, on 25 March, Swedbank decided that there shall be 
twelve board members and elected Annika Creutzer and Per Olof Nyman to the Board of 
Directors. The already existing ten board members were all re-elected. 
The members of the Board, their year of birth, the year of their initial election as a director and 
the year of their initial appointment as an employee representative, their position and whether 
or not they are independent according to the requirements set out in the Swedish Code of 
Corporate Governance (the "SCCG"), are set forth in the table below. 
 
Name 
Year of 
birth 
Board 
member 
since 
Position 
Independent/dependent 
Göran Persson 
1949 
2019 
Chair 
Independent 
Bo Magnusson  
1962 
2019 
Vice Chair 
Independent 
Anna Mossberg 
1972 
2018 
Member 
Independent 
Josefin Lindstrand 
1976 
2019 
Member 
Independent 
Kerstin 
Hermansson 
1957 
2019 
Member 
Independent 
Biljana Pehrsson 
1970 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Bo Bengtsson 
1966 
2020 
Member 
Dependent in relation to 
Swedbank and the 
management of Swedbank and 
independent in relation to 
Swedbank’s major 
shareholders. 
Göran Bengtsson 
1967 
2020 
Member 
Dependent in relation to 
Swedbank and the 
management of Swedbank and 
independent in relation to 
Swedbank’s major 
shareholders. 
Bengt Erik Lindgren 
1950 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Hans Eckerström 
1972 
2020 
Member 
Independent 
Annika Creutzer 
1957 
2021 
Member 
Independent 
Per Olof Nyman 
1956 
2021 
Member 
Independent 
Roger Ljung 
1967 
2015 
Employee Representative 
—

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
Åke Skoglund 
1959 
2020 
Employee Representative 
— 
 
Details as to the education and experience of the Board members are listed below: 
Göran Persson: Mr. Persson has been the Chair of the board since June 2019. He holds a 
Sociology and political science degree from the University of Örebro. Mr. Persson was the 
Swedish Finance Minister from 1994 to 1996 as well as the Swedish Prime Minister from 1996 
to 2006. He previously held positions as chair at Sveaskog and Scandinavian Air Ambulance, 
board member at Wiklöf Holding AB and board member at Ålandsbanken. Mr Persson is the 
chair at LKAB, chair at Greengold and chair at Scandinavian Biogas Fuels International AB. He 
is also senior advisor for the JKL Group. 
Bo Magnusson: Mr. Magnusson has been the Vice chair of the board since June 2019. He 
has completed an Executive Leadership Program at Wallenberg Institute. Previously, he held 
the position as chair at SBAB Bank AB, Carnegie Holding AB, Carnegie Investment Bank AB, 
Fastighetsbolaget Norrporten AB, 4T-WyWallet, NS Holding AB and Sveriges Säkerställda 
Obligationer AB. He has also held various senior positions in SEB. Mr. Magnusson is currently 
the chair at Rikshem AB and Rikshem Intressenter AB. He is also a Board member at KBC 
Bank NV. 
Anna Mossberg: Ms. Mossberg became a member of the Board in 2018. She holds a Master 
of Science from Luleå University of Technology, an executive MBA from both IE University, 
Spain and Stanford University, U.S. Ms. Mossberg is a full-time director and board member at 
SwissCom AB. She is also currently a board member at Schibsted ASA. Previously, she was a 
business area manager at Google Sweden AB, an MD at Bahnhof AB, SvP, Strategy and 
Portfolio Management, Deutsche Telecom AG, Director of Internet Services at Telia AB and 
Vice President at Telia International Carrier AB. 
Josefin Lindstrand: Ms. Lindstrand has been a member of the Board since June 2019. She 
holds a Master of Laws and a University Diploma in Business Administration at the University 
of Stockholm. She has previously worked at BNP Paribas, Citi, Intertrust Group, Advokatfirman 
Hammarskiöld & Co and has been board member of SevenDays Finans AB as well as vice 
chairman of Sörmlands Sparbank. Ms Lindstrand is the founder and owner of Clearstone AB 
and currently holds a position as specialist advisor within corporate governance through private 
practice.  
Kerstin Hermansson: Ms. Hermansson has been a member of the Board since the beginning 
of 2019. She holds a Law degree from Lund University. Previously, Ms. Hermansson was the 
CEO of Swedish Securities Dealers Association. Ms. Hermansson has also worked as Global 
Head of Legal & Compliance at Enskilda Securities AB, a subsidiary within SEB Group. She 
was previously a board member at Swedsec Licensing AB and the Seventh Swedish National 
Pension Fund. Ms. Hermansson has also held a position as an attorney at Jacobsson & 
Ponsbach Fondkommission Ab. Additionally, she has provided notary services at the 
Linköping’s District Court and the police authorities in Katrineholm. She is currently a member 
of the European Banking Federation and ESMA’s Securities and Markets Stakeholder Group. 
Biljana Pehrsson: Ms. Pehrsson has been a member of the Board since May 2020. She holds 
a Master of Science in Engineering from the Stockholm Royal Institute of Technology. Ms. 
Pehrsson is currently CEO of Kungsleden AB and a board member of Kungliga Dramatiska 
Teatern AB and Stadsutvecklarna i Värtahamnen AB. She was previously a board member of 
East Capital Baltic Property Fund (ECBPF I & II & III), Einar Mattsson AB/Fastighets AB

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
Stadshus, the deputy CEO / Head of Real Estate of East Capital Private Equity and CEO of 
Centrumutveckling. 
Bo Bengtsson: Mr. Bengtsson has been a member of the Board since May 2020. He is an 
approved auditor and holds active Swedsec and Swedsec mortgage licenses. Mr. Bengtsson 
also studied strategic management at Handelshögskolan in Stockholm. He is the current CEO 
of Sparbanken Skåne. Mr. Bengtson was previously the CEO of Sparbanken and Kristianstads 
Sparbank. 
Göran Bengtsson: Mr. Bengtsson has been a member of the Board since May 2020. He 
attended the Bachelor’s Programme in Business and Economics at the University of Borås. Mr. 
Bengtsson is currently a member of the Board’s Risk and Capital Committee and Audit 
Committee. He is currently CEO of Falkenbergs Sparbank and a board member of Destination 
Falkenberg AB. He was previously Regional Head of Credit at Swedbank from 2007 to 2012. 
Hans Eckerström: Mr. Eckerström has been a member of the Board since May 2020. He holds 
a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Chalmers University of Technology and a 
Master of Science in Business Administration from the University of Gothenburg. Mr. 
Eckerström is currently the chair of Henri-Lloyd Group AB, Profoto Holding AB and Profoto 
Invest AB. He is also a board member of Thule Group AB. Mr. Eckerström was previously the 
chair of Nobia AB and a board member of Nordstjernan AB. 
Bengt Erik Lindgren: Mr. Lindgren has been a member of the Board since May 2020. He 
studied business administration, sociology and personnel management at Uppsala University. 
Mr. Lindgren is currently a member of the Board’s Risk and Capital Committee. He was 
previously Chair of Prevas AB and Länsförsäkringar Bergslagen Ömsesidigt and a board 
member of Lansa Fastigheter AB, Lansa Bostadsfastigheter AB and Länsförsäkringar Bank 
AB. 
Annika Creutzer: Ms. Creutzer was elected as a member of the Board in 2021. She holds an 
Economics degree from Stockholm University. Ms. Creutzer has her own business, Creutzer & 
Co AB, focusing on financial journalism and public education. Previously she was a board 
member of the Swedish Pensions Agency, and also a startup company named Påmind. She 
has also been the editor in Chief at Pengar24 as well as Privata Affärer. 
Per Olof Nyman: Mr. Nyman was elected as a member of the Board in 2021. He holds a Master 
of Science in Industrial Economy and has also studied IT and Business Law. He is currently 
the CEO of Lantmännen Ek. För, a board member at HKScan Oyj, Svensk Kooperation and 
Lantmännen Dansk Landbrugs Grovvareselskab International AB (LDI). He is also the chair of 
Intercoop Europe. 
Roger Ljung: Mr. Ljung has been an employee representative to the Board since 2015. Mr. 
Ljung is a Business advisor at Swedbank. Previously he was a retail advisor and branch 
manager at Swedbank. Mr. Ljung is also a board member of Finansförbundets 
förbundsstyrelse, deputy chair of Finansförbundets koncernklubb Swedbank, board member of 
Finans och Försäkringsbranchens A-kassa and deputy chair of SPK. 
Åke Skoglund: Mr. Skoglund has been an employee representative to the Board since 2020. 
Mr. Skoglund studied Business Administration at Stockholm University. He has worked at 
Swedbank for approximately 30 years. He has previous experience with business development, 
accounting, annual accounts and government reporting.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
The office address of the members of the Board is c/o Swedbank (publ), Landsvägen 40, SE-
172 63 Sundbyberg Stockholm, Sweden. None of the Board members have any family 
relationship with any other Board member or any members of the Group Executive Committee. 
During the last five years none of the members of the Board have been involved in any 
bankruptcies, receiverships or liquidations in any capacity as a member of the board of directors 
of a company or members of the management of a company. None of the members of the 
Board have been convicted in relation to fraudulent offences during the last five years or been 
subject to any public incrimination or sanctions by statutory or regulatory authorities (including 
designated professional bodies), and none of the directors have been disqualified by a court 
from acting as members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies of a company 
or from acting in the management or conduct of the affairs of any company during the last five 
years. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed to Swedbank by any 
member of the Board of Swedbank, listed above, and their private interests or other duties. 
Some or all of the members of the Board are customers of Swedbank and accordingly have 
ordinary customer relationships with Swedbank. 
The members of the Board are not entitled to any benefits upon retirement from the Board.  
11.2 
Group Executive Committee 
The transformation of the Group Executive Committee involved the appointment of Charlotte 
Rydin as Chief Legal Officer and Head of Group Legal on 9 July 2020. She started in the 
beginning of 2021. Jon Lidefelt was appointed Head of Baltic Banking on 9 July 2020. He had 
been acting Head of Baltic Banking since December 2019. In addition, Erik Ljungberg was 
appointed as Head of Group Communication and Sustainability on 1 July 2020 and Rolf 
Marquardt was appointed as Group Risk Manager on 14 September 2020. On 15 January 2021, 
it was announced that Ola Laurin stepped down as the Head of Large Corporates & Institutions 
and would leave the Group. Björn Meltzer will serve as the acting Head of Large Corporates & 
Institutions and recruitment of a permanent replacement has begun. 
The table below sets forth the name, year of birth, current position and years of employment of 
the members of the Group Executive Committee.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
Name 
Year of birth 
Position 
Employed Since 
Jens Henriksson 
1967 
President and CEO 
2019 
Mikael Björknert 
1966 
Head of Swedish Banking 
2010 
Lars-Erik Danielsson 
1962 
Chief Credit Officer 
1990 
Anders Ekedahl 
1960 
Head of Anti Financial Crime Unit 
1987 
Jon Lidefelt 
1973 
Head of Baltic Banking 
2013 
Erik Ljungberg 
1971 
Head 
of 
Group 
Communication 
& 
Sustainability 
2020 
Björn Meltzer 
 1961 
Acting Head of Large Corporates & 
Institutions 
2010 
Lotta Lovén 
1967 
CIO and Head of Digital Banking & IT 
2004 
Rolf Marquardt  
1964 
Chief Risk Officer 
2020 
Carina Strand 
1964 
Head of HR & Infrastructure 
2017 
Anders Karlsson 
1966 
Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") 
2010 
Charlotte Rydin 
 1968 
Chief Legal Officer and Head of Group 
Legal 
2021 
Ingrid Harbo 
1959 
Chief Compliance Officer 
2011 
Kerstin Winlöf 
1966 
Head of Group Financial Products & 
Advice 
2019 
 
Jens Henriksson: Mr. Henriksson holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics, Masters in Electric 
Engineering, Control Theory and a Fil. Lic. in Economics. 
Mikael Björknert: Mr. Björknert holds a Bachelor’s of Science in Business Administration and 
Economics. 
Lars-Erik Danielsson: Mr. Danielsson holds a Master’s of Science in Economics. 
Anders Ekedahl: Mr. Ekedahl holds a Master’s of Science in Economics. 
Jon Lidefelt: Mr. Lidefelt holds a Master’s of Science in Engineering Physics. 
Erik Ljungberg: Mr. Ljungberg holds a Master’s of Science in Business Administration. 
Björn Meltzer: Mr. Meltzer holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Lunds 
University. 
Lotta Lovén: Ms. Lovén holds a Diploma in Business Administration. 
Rolf Marquardt: Mr. Marquardt holds a PhD in Business Economics. 
Carina Strand: Ms. Strand studied business for her upper secondary school degree. 
Anders Karlsson: Mr. Karlsson holds a Master’s of Science in Economics. 
Charlotte Rydin: Ms. Rydin holds a Master’s of Law, LL.M. 
Ingrid Harbo: Ms. Harbo holds a Master’s of Law, LL.M. 
Kerstin Winlöf: Ms. Winlöf holds a Master’s of Science in Business Administration and 
Economics.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
The office address of the members of the Group Executive Committee is c/o Swedbank (publ) 
Landsvägen 40, 172 63 Sundbyberg, Sweden. None of the members of the Group Executive 
Committee has any family relationship with any other member of the Group Executive 
Committee or member of the Board of Directors. 
None of the members of the Group Executive Committee have, during the past five years, been 
involved in any bankruptcies, receiverships or liquidations in any capacity as a member of the 
Board of Directors of a company or members of the management of a company. None of the 
members of the Group Executive Committee have been convicted in relation to fraudulent 
offences during the last five years or been subject to any public incrimination or sanctions by 
statutory or regulatory authorities (including designated professional bodies), and none of the 
members of the Group Executive Committee have been disqualified by a court from acting as 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies of a company or from acting 
in the management or conduct of the affairs of any company during the last five years. 
The Board of Directors have adopted a Conflict of Interest Policy that sets the Group’s approach 
as regards conflicts of interest. The Policy defines the key conflicts of interest that impact the 
Group as well as detailing its mitigating actions. A key function related to this is the process for 
disclosure of ancillary assignments.  
Some or all of the members of the Group Executive Committee are customers of Swedbank 
and accordingly have ordinary customer relationships with Swedbank. 
11.3 
Auditor 
In accordance with its Articles of Association, Swedbank shall have no less than one and no 
more than two authorised public accountants (the "Auditor"). The Auditor is appointed by the 
AGM after being nominated by the Nomination Committee. Auditing duties are normally for four 
years, although a decision may be made to replace the Auditor before the conclusion of the 
four-year period. At the 2019 AGM (on 28 March 2019), PwC Sverige AB was elected as auditor 
for the period ending at the 2023 AGM. The Chief Auditor is Authorised Public Accountant 
Anneli Granqvist, a member of FAR (the institute for the accountancy profession in Sweden). 
In 2020, the Chief Auditor reported to the Audit Committee on four occasions. The Auditor also 
participated in a Board meeting at which a summary of the year’s audit was presented. The 
Auditor also met with the Chair of the Audit Committee, the executive management and other 
operating managers on a regular basis. The Group’s interim reports are reviewed by the 
Auditor. The Sustainability report has been reviewed as well.  
11.4 
Corporate Governance 
Good corporate governance means governing the Group as sustainably, effectively and 
responsibly as possible. This is important in order to maintain confidence in Swedbank beyond 
ensuring effective risk management and a sound risk and corporate culture. Good corporate 
governance also leads to efficient and transparent internal and external information disclosure. 
Decision-making processes shall be simple, systematic, transparent and have clear lines of 
responsibility. There have to be clearly defined routines to manage conflicts of interest and 
effective tools for internal governance, risk management and control. The corporate culture 
shall be characterised by transparency, compliance and risk awareness. Swedbank’s values 
provide a foundation for decision-making on a daily basis and for employees’ daily work. 
In 2020, a review was conducted of the Group’s corporate governance model, the purpose of 
which was to ensure that the Group has an effective and satisfactory model that is clear, 
consistent and aligned with current corporate governance principles. An evaluation of the 
boards, committee structures and executive managements of the Baltic subsidiaries has been

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
conducted, in addition to how the Group handles potential conflicts between laws and 
regulations on corporate governance and control in Sweden and the Baltic countries. The 
review resulted in among other things updates to several key policy documents within the Group 
that clarify the delegation of responsibilities, roles and reporting lines. Furthermore, the Group’s 
overarching risk framework has been revised. The Group has also improved the process for 
communicating and monitoring implementation of the Group’s training in 2021 on corporate 
governance issues for decision makers in the organisation. The change in corporate 
governance is in an execution phase, with several ongoing subprojects and workstreams that 
will be fully implemented during 2021. An evaluation of the Baltic Banking governance structure 
and the general framework for governance framework is underway as well. 
On 1 February 2021, it was announced that Swedbank’s Board of Directors had decided to 
establish a Baltic subsidiary in the form of a holding company headquartered in Riga, where 
ownership of the current subsidiary banks in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania will be placed. The 
measures, which are a result of the corporate governance evaluation, strengthen both 
Swedbank’s internal governance and the Baltic subsidiary banks. The decision will not result in 
any changes for the bank’s customers in its home markets of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and 
Sweden. 
11.5 
Annual General Meeting 
The shareholders exercise their influence through participation in the AGM. According to 
Swedbank’s Articles of Association, the AGM shall be held before the end of April or, under 
special circumstances, no later than June 30. The AGM is normally held in Stockholm.  
On 15 February 2021, an extraordinary general meeting was held virtually to approve a dividend 
of SEK 4.35 per share for the financial year 2019. The 2021 Annual General Meeting was held 
on 25 March 2021. Due to the current pandemic, the Board of Directors decided that the AGM 
would be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders, proxies and third parties, 
and that voting could only be made by post before the meeting.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
12 
Certain Regulatory Considerations 
Banks and other companies in the financial sector are subject to extensive regulation in Sweden and 
elsewhere. This section briefly describes certain of the regulations governing Swedbank relating to 
capital adequacy and liquidity, MREL and the Resolution Act. The information herein is current as of 
the date of this Prospectus. Many regulations are presently undergoing substantial changes, or have 
recently undergone such changes with resulting lack of foreseeability as to how they will be applied by 
the authorities. Some of these changes are referred to in the section titled "Risk Factors". 
12.1 
Capital adequacy and liquidity 
The Swedish capital adequacy framework is based on CRR and the EU Capital Requirements 
Directive ("CRD"), which implement in the EEA the framework for capital and liquidity 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity 
standards for credit institutions (the so called "Basel III" framework) published by the Basel 
Committee in 2010. In addition, on 13 January 2011, the Basel Committee published minimum 
requirements for regulatory capital to ensure loss absorbency at the point of non-viability. 
Following the Basel III guidelines, on 20 July 2011, the European Commission published 
corresponding proposed changes at the EU level to replace the amended Capital Requirement 
Directive with two legislative instruments: a Regulation establishing prudential requirements 
institutions are required to respect and a Directive (through an amendment of Directive 
2002/87/EC) governing the access to deposit-taking activities. The Fourth Capital 
Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU ("CRD IV") legislative package was published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013. CRD IV was required to be 
implemented by the EU member states so as to apply from 1 January 2014 and the CRR 
applied directly in the EU member states from 1 January 2014, in each case, with certain 
exceptions. Beginning 1 January 2014, the Swedish capital adequacy framework is based on 
CRR and CRD IV. As from 1 January 2014 CRR became Swedish law, while CRD IV was 
implemented in Sweden in 2014 through amendments to Swedish legislation and SFSA 
regulations. CRR and CRD IV are complemented by a set of technical standards developed by 
the EBA and adopted by the European Commission. 
CRR and CRD IV introduced significant changes in the prudential regulatory regime applicable 
to banks, including: increased minimum capital ratios; changes to the definition of capital and 
the calculation of REA; and the introduction of new measures relating to leverage, liquidity and 
funding. CRR and CRD IV permit a transitional period for certain of the enhanced capital 
requirements and certain other measures. The Swedish authorities decided however that the 
higher capital requirements resulting from the implementation of CRR and CRD IV would be 
implemented without any phasing-in period, with the only exception that capital instruments not 
fully compliant with CRR may be included in the total capital during a limited grandfathering 
period. Starting in 2014, Swedish banks have been required to report the leverage ratio to the 
regulator, and a formal disclosure requirement was introduced in the first quarter of 2015.  
The SFSA has imposed capital requirements beyond the minimum level of 7 per cent Common 
Equity Tier 1 ("CET 1") capital (including the mandatory capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per 
cent) on Swedish banks, in accordance with the EU rules. In early September 2014, the SFSA 
decided which capital requirements would apply to Swedish banks beyond the minimum level 
of 7 per cent Common Equity Tier 1 capital (including the mandatory capital conservation buffer 
of 2.5 per cent) in accordance with the EU rules. As of 1 January 2015, the three major Swedish 
banks, including Swedbank, are required to maintain a systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent in 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital within the framework of Pillar 1. The countercyclical buffer rate 
for Swedish exposures was set to 1.0 per cent from 13 September 2015, was increased to 1.5

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
per cent from 27 June 2016 and was increased further to 2.0 per cent beginning 19 March 
2017. In March 2020, the countercyclical buffer was reduced to 0.0 per cent.   
In January 2016, the SFSA reiterated that it does not intend to make formal decisions on the 
capital requirement for individual institutions in Pillar 2. As long as a formal decision has not 
been made, the capital requirement under Pillar 2 does not affect the level at which automatic 
restrictions on dividend and coupon payments on certain subordinated securities take effect 
(due to a breach of the combined buffer requirements). 
Supervisory authorities in Sweden and at the European level have made note of the major 
differences among the average risk weights institutions use to calculate their credit risk 
exposure under the banks’ internal rating-based ("IRB") approach (a basis for calculating capital 
requirements for credit risk) especially as regards mortgage lending within the retail exposure 
class. In May 2013, the SFSA announced its decision to introduce a risk-weight floor of 15 per 
cent for the Swedish mortgage portfolio, which was then increased to 25 per cent in September 
2014. The risk-weight floor was introduced as part of the SFSA’s overall capital assessment 
under the supervisory measures in Pillar 2.  As of the end of 2018, the Swedish mortgage floor 
has been replaced with the requirement within the framework of Article 458 of Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending CRR to include the risk 
weight floor for Swedish mortgages in Pillar 1. This has not changed Swedbank’s capital 
requirement materially in nominal monetary terms but has affected Swedbank’s capital ratios 
and capital requirements expressed as a percentage of REA. At present, Swedbank has 
sufficient CET 1 capital to meet its capital requirements. However, no assurances can be made 
that Swedbank will continue to hold this level of CET 1 capital. 
In November 2018, the SFSA published a memorandum explaining that Swedish banks using 
an IRB approach to calculate their credit risk must analyse their risk classification systems to 
be compliant with amended guidelines produced by the European Banking Authority (the 
"EBA"). On 9 July 2019 the SFSA confirmed that the EBA will delay the deadline for full 
compliance with the updated requirement to the end of 2021. Compliance with the updated 
requirements on the definition of default is still required by the end of 2020. As a result of the 
new guidelines, Swedbank may be required to hold more capital.  
In January 2020, the SFSA decided to introduce increased capital requirements for commercial 
real-estate bank loans in the third quarter of 2020. The capital requirement consists of a charge 
in Pillar 2 that represents the difference between the bank’s average risk weights for 
commercial properties and the risk weights that the SFSA has set out. The average risk weight 
is 35 per cent for commercial real-estate and 25 per cent for residential real-estate.  
The leverage ratio is a new non-risk-adjusted solvency requirement introduced in Basel III. It is 
described as a backstop to the risk-based capital measures. It is intended to limit the leverage 
effects in the balance sheet of volumes that are overly large in relation to the Group’s own 
capital and to provide an extra layer of protection against model risk and measurement error. 
Under CRR, banks have been required to calculate and report their leverage ratio to regulators 
since 1 January 2014 and to disclose extensive information about the ratio publicly since 1 
January 2015.  
The Basel III guidelines also include liquidity standards which comprise a Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio ("LCR") and a Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR"). The LCR requires banks to hold a 
reserve of liquid assets sufficient to withstand a 30-day period of liquidity stress. The NSFR 
rules set minimum requirements for matching the maturities of a bank’s funding to the maturity 
of its assets.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
The CRR contains provisions regarding the components of LCR and is complemented with 
Delegated Regulation 2015/61. As of January 2018, the European regulatory minimum 
requirement for the LCR on an aggregated level is set to 100 per cent. Per previously 
communicated Pillar 2 requirements, the SFSA also requires banks to comply with LCR in EUR 
and USD at least at 100 per cent. As of 1 October 2019, the SFSA introduced a minimum 
requirement in LCR SEK of 75 per cent, as well as limited the allowed amount of covered bonds 
issued by Swedish issuers as a share of the total liquid assets to 50 per cent, aimed at limiting 
potential concentration risks. Swedbank calculates and monitors the LCR on a daily basis. The 
CRR also contains provisions on the NSFR, which will be a binding requirement as of 28 June 
2021. Swedbank regularly calculates, monitors, manages and publishes the NSFR and is well 
prepared for the implementation.  
Under the SFSA regulation on Management of Liquidity Risk in Credit Institutions and Securities 
Companies, credit institutions and securities companies must have proper procedures for 
identifying, measuring and controlling liquidity risk and must also keep a liquidity reserve 
adapted to the size and the needs of the company.  
European legislation also focuses on liquidity and funding risks in addition to the introduction of 
the LCR and the NSFR. There are separate reporting requirements on asset encumbrance, 
funding plans and additional liquidity monitoring metrics to further strengthen the information 
provided to supervisors. Furthermore, the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process is 
submitted to regulators as an additional report on systemic and institution specific risks related 
to liquidity and funding. 
Amendments to regulations 
On 27 June 2019, a series of measures referred to as the Banking Reform Package came into 
force, subject to various transitional and staged timetables. The adoption of the Banking Reform 
Package concludes a process that began in November 2016 and is a step toward the 
completion of the European post-crisis regulatory reforms, drawing on a number of international 
standards. 
The Banking Reform Package updated the framework of harmonized rules established after 
the financial crisis and introduces changes to CRR, CRD IV, the BRRD 2014/59/EU and the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 ("SRMR"). 
The amendments covered multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, a binding leverage 
ratio minimum requirement of 3 per cent., restrictions to the maximum distributable amount 
("MDA") if the minimum requirement is breached, a binding net stable funding ratio requirement, 
mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, 
macro prudential tools, the Basel Committee’s new standardised approach for measuring 
counterparty credit risk exposures, the Basel Committee’s Fundamental Review of the Trading 
Book, the framework for minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") 
and the integration of the total loss absorbing capacity standard into EU legislation. The 
amendments were required to be implemented by national legislation no later than 28 
December 2020. In Sweden, the implementation of the BRRD amendments has been delayed 
but are expected to enter force on 1 July 2021. Uncertainty regarding how and when the 
amendments will impact Swedish banks is expected to remain until the legal implementation is 
complete and relevant authorities have communicated how they intend to apply the new 
regulatory framework. 
In November 2020, the SFSA decided to change the capital requirements as a result of the 
amendments to the CRD IV. The O-SII buffer was previously a 2.0 per cent parallel requirement 
with the systemic risk buffer. As of 29 December 2020, the O-SII buffer was reduced to 1.0

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
percent and added on top of the systemic risk buffer. At the same time, the systemic risk charge 
of 2.0 per cent in Pillar 2 was removed. 
The SFSA intends to announce formal decisions setting the Pillar 2 requirement, which means 
that the MDA will be triggered should an institution breach its Pillar 2 requirements. 
Furthermore, the SFSA intends to provide guidance as to how much capital institutions should 
hold in addition to their Pillar 2 requirement to mitigate future financial stress.  
A leverage ratio requirement of 3.0 per cent of the leverage exposure measure will be a binding 
capital requirement by 28 June 2021. In addition, the SFSA will decide on leverage ratio 
guidance in accordance with the Pillar 2 framework to be met on top of the leverage ratio 
requirement. The leverage ratio requirement is a parallel requirement to the risk-based capital 
requirement. 
Requirements and guidance in accordance with the new Pillar 2 framework will be applied to 
Swedbank through the SREP in the third quarter of 2021. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published proposed amendments to the Basel III 
Framework. The proposed amendments, referred to as Basel IV, entail substantial changes 
and are expected to enter into force from 1 January 2023 with a phasing in period of five years 
for certain elements. The proposed reforms to Basel III, including the output floor of 72.5 per 
cent (which in August 2019 the EBA recommended be adopted), are expected to increase the 
REA and the capital requirements for Swedbank. The magnitude of the increase is still 
uncertain and will depend on how Swedish and European competent financial authorities 
choose to implement the new regulatory framework for European and, in particular, Swedish 
banks. 
12.2 
MREL 
To ensure that banks always have sufficient loss absorbing capacity, the Swedish Resolution 
Act, which implemented the Directive 2014/59/EU ("BRRD"), provides for the Swedish 
resolution authority, the SNDO, to decide on an MREL requirement for each institution, based 
on, amongst other criteria, its size, risk and business model. 
The SNDO has determined that the MREL requirement for systemically important banks in 
Sweden, such as Swedbank, will be the sum of a loss absorption amount plus a recapitalisation 
amount. The loss absorption amount can be met with own funds instruments (CET1, Additional 
Tier 1 and Tier 2), while the recapitalisation amount can only be met with eligible liabilities. 
Moreover, the SNDO has introduced a requirement that Eligible Liabilities for the 
recapitalisation amount must be subordinated to senior liabilities, whether contractually, by 
statute or structurally. This subordination requirement will require the issue of subordinated 
liabilities that meet the requirements, and which may carry higher financing costs than the 
liabilities which they replace. The SNDO has provided that Swedish banks have to meet the 
requirement of eligible liabilities in their recapitalisation amount entirely with subordinated 
eligible liabilities from 2024 and onwards. The SNDO has stated that it will monitor a bank’s 
issue volumes in the phase in period to ensure a reasonable pace of the adaption to the 
subordination requirement. 
In December 2020, the SNDO provided individual specifications on how Swedish banks will 
have to comply with their MREL requirements in 2021. The MREL requirement for Swedbank 
on a consolidated basis, excluding insurance, was set as 6.2 per cent. of total liabilities and 
own funds. The requirement for Swedbank on a solo basis was set as 4.4 per cent. The joint 
decision explicitly approves the Group’s resolution plan and the assessment of resolvability of

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
the Group. The decision applies from 23 December 2020. As MREL is phased in as well as if 
MREL requirements change in the future, the Group may need to raise additional capital or 
eligible liabilities. When implemented in Sweden, Directive 2019/879 amending Directive No 
2014/59 ("BRRD II") may change Swedbank’s need for senior non-preferred instruments. 
Under BRRD II, a breach of the minimum requirement for eligible liabilities is proposed to result 
in restrictions on the maximum distributable amount. The exact details will be known when 
BRRD II is transposed into Swedish law. The transposition process has been delayed past its 
initial deadline of 28 December 2020, but proposed legislation is expected to enter into force 
on 1 July 2021. 
12.3 
The Resolution Act and the Act on Preventative Government Support to Credit 
Institutions 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms entered into force, the 
"BRRD". The BRRD is intended to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of 
the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an 
institution’s failure on the economy and financial system. On 1 February 2016, the BRRD was 
implemented in Sweden by the entry into force of the Resolution Act (Sw. lagen (2015:1016) 
om resolution). 
A credit institution can be placed into resolution by the SNDO (the "resolution authority") if (a) 
the SFSA has determined that the institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there are no alternative 
measures which would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, 
and (c) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. The Resolution Act contains four 
resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination. The resolution tools 
are: (i) sale of business, which enables the resolution authority to direct the sale of the institution 
or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) in order to enable continuation of 
critical businesses, transfer all or part of the assets or liabilities of the institution to a "bridge 
institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially publicly owned); (iii) asset 
separation, which enables the resolution authority to transfer assets, rights or liabilities to one 
or more asset management vehicles, wholly or partially publicly owned, to allow them to be 
managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this 
tool may only be used together with another resolution tool); and (iv) bail-in, which gives the 
resolution authority the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors (including the 
Notes) of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims, including the Notes, 
in to equity (the "general bail-in tool"), which equity could also be subject to any future 
cancellation, transfer or dilution. In addition, the resolution authority has, amongst others, the 
power to: (i) stop payments from the institution under resolution; (ii) take action to prevent 
creditors and other counterparties of the institution from terminating contracts early or executing 
set-off or netting arrangements; and (iii) to vary the maturity, the interest rate and the interest 
payment date of the relevant unsecured debt claims (including the Notes). 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its obligations to the extent that its authorisation should be withdrawn; the 
value of its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is 
likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires public 
financial support (with some exceptions listed in the Resolution Act). 
In addition to the resolution tools (such as the general bail-in tool), the BRRD provides for 
resolution authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity 
tier 1 capital instruments and tier 2 capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) at the 
point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of such capital instruments upon any such 
conversion into equity may also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. This 
power will be extended to include external eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes) if used in combination with a resolution power once BRRD II is implemented (the national 
implementation deadline, which was originally scheduled for 28 December 2020 has now been 
postponed until early July 2021).  
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of 
non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the 
relevant entity meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) 
or (ii) the relevant authority or authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant 
entity or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as 
Subordinated Notes) are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support 
is required by the relevant entity or its group other than, where the relevant entity is an 
institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member 
State of the EEA and to preserve financial stability. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and utilised 
the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, 
to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership 
tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU 
state aid framework. 
For a discussion on how the Resolution Act may affect the Group and the Notes, see "Risk 
Factors—Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Financial Situation—Swedbank or its financial 
institution subsidiaries may need additional capital and/or eligible liabilities in the future to 
maintain capital adequacy ratios or for other reasons, and it may be difficult to obtain such 
capital and/or eligible liabilities" and "–Risks Relating to Macro-economic and Political Events—
The Group’s business is subject to substantial regulation and supervision and can be adversely 
affected by adverse regulatory, taxation and governmental developments" and "Risk Factors—
Risks Relating to the Notes—General Risks Relating to Notes—The Notes may be subject to 
write-down or conversion into ordinary shares of Swedbank". 
Also on 1 February 2016, the Act on Preventative Government Support to Credit Institutions 
(Sw. lagen (2015:1017) om förebyggande statligt stöd till kreditinstitut) entered into force. This 
act enables the authorities to give government support to credit institutions at an earlier stage 
than a point in time when the Resolution Act would apply. In addition, this act stipulates the 
setting up of a stability fund for the purpose of financing preventive action under the act as well 
as actions taken under the Resolution Act.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
13 
Clearing and Settlement 
Custodial and depositary links have been established with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
DTC to facilitate the initial issuance of Notes and cross-market transfers of Notes between investors 
associated with secondary market trading. Transfers within Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
DTC will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant system. 
13.1 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for participating organisations 
and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between their respective 
participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of such participants. Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide to their respective participants, among other things, 
services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally-traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants are financial institutions throughout the world, including underwriters, securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other 
organisations. Indirect access to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is also available to 
others, such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies which clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant, either directly 
or indirectly. 
Distributions of principal and interest with respect to book-entry interests in the Notes held 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited to the cash accounts of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants in accordance with the relevant system's 
rules and procedures. 
13.2 
DTC 
DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organised under the laws of the State of New York and 
a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the 
Federal Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A 
of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities for DTC participants and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions between DTC participants through electronic book-
entry changes in accounts of DTC participants. DTC participants include securities brokers and 
dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations and certain other organisations. 
Indirect access to DTC is also available to others, such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust 
companies which clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC participant, 
either directly or indirectly. 
Holders of book-entry interests in the Notes holding through DTC will receive, to the extent 
received by the Registrar, all distributions of principal and interest with respect to book-entry 
interests in the Notes from the Registrar through DTC. Distributions in the United States will be 
subject to relevant U.S. tax laws and regulations. 
The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery 
of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Registered 
Global Note to such persons may be limited. Because DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect 
participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Registered Global Note to pledge 
such interest to persons or entities which do not participate in the relevant clearing system, or

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical 
certificate in respect of such interest. 
The aggregate holdings of book-entry interests in the Notes in Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC will be reflected in the book-entry accounts of each such institution. As 
necessary, the Registrar will adjust the amounts of Notes on the Register for the accounts of 
(i) Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and (ii) DTC to reflect the amounts of Notes held 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, respectively. Beneficial ownership 
in Notes will be held through financial institutions as direct and indirect participants in Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case 
may be, and every other intermediate holder in the chain to the beneficial owner of book-entry 
interests in the Notes will be responsible for establishing and maintaining accounts for their 
participants and customers having interests in the book-entry interests in the Notes. The 
Registrar will be responsible for maintaining a record of the aggregate holdings of Notes 
registered in the name of a nominee for the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, a nominee for the common safekeeper, a nominee for DTC and/or Holders of 
Notes represented by Registered Definitive Notes. The Registrar will be responsible for 
ensuring that payments received by it from the Issuer for Holders of interests in the Notes 
holding through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are credited to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and the Registrar will also be responsible for 
ensuring that payments received by the Registrar from the Issuer for Holders of interests in the 
Notes holding through DTC are credited to DTC. 
The Issuer will not impose any fees in respect of the Notes; however, Holders of book-entry 
interests in the Notes may incur fees normally payable in respect of the maintenance and 
operation of accounts in Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC. 
Interests in an Unrestricted Registered Global Note and a Restricted Registered Global Note 
will be in uncertificated book-entry form. Purchasers electing to hold book-entry interests in the 
Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg accounts will follow the settlement 
procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds. Book-entry interests in the Registered 
Global Notes will be credited to Euroclear participants' securities clearance accounts on the 
business day following the relevant issue date against payment (value such issue date), and to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participants' securities custody accounts on the relevant issue date 
against payment in the same day funds. DTC participants acting on behalf of purchasers 
electing to hold book-entry interests in the Notes through DTC will follow the delivery practices 
applicable to securities eligible for DTC's Same-Day Funds Settlement ("SDFS") system. DTC 
participant securities accounts will be credited with book-entry interests in the Notes following 
confirmation of receipt of payment to the Issuer on the relevant issue date. 
13.3 
Secondary Market Trading in relation to Registered Global Notes 
Trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants: Secondary market sales of 
book-entry interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to purchasers of 
book-entry interests in the Notes through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be conducted in 
accordance with the normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds. 
Trading between DTC participants: Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Notes 
between DTC participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with DTC rules and will be settled 
using the procedures applicable to United States corporate debt obligations in DTC's SDFS system in 
same-day funds, if payment is effected in U.S. dollars. Where payment is not effected in U.S. dollars, 
separate payment arrangements outside DTC are required to be made between the DTC participants.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
Trading between DTC seller and Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg purchaser: When book-entry 
interests in Notes are to be transferred from the account of a DTC participant holding a beneficial 
interest in a Restricted Registered Global Note to the account of a Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholder wishing to purchase a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Registered 
Global Note (subject to the certification procedures provided in the Agency Agreement), the DTC 
participant will deliver instructions for delivery to the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholder to DTC by 12 noon, New York time, on the settlement date. Separate payment 
arrangements are required to be made between the DTC participant and the relevant Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg participant. On the settlement date, the Custodian will instruct the Registrar 
to (i) decrease the amount of Notes registered in the name of Cede & Co. and evidenced by the 
Restricted Registered Global Note and (ii) increase the amount of Notes registered in the name of the 
nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of the 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, and evidenced by the Unrestricted Registered Global Note. 
Bookentry interests will be delivered free of payment to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, for credit to the relevant accountholder on the first business day following the settlement 
date. 
Trading between Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg seller and DTC purchaser. When book-entry 
interests in the Notes are to be transferred from the account of a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholder to the account of a DTC participant wishing to purchase a beneficial interest in the 
Restricted Registered Global Note (subject to the certification procedures provided in the Agency 
Agreement), the Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participant must send to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg delivery free of payment instructions by 7:45 p.m., Brussels or Luxembourg 
time, one business day prior to the settlement date. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case 
may be, will in turn transmit appropriate instructions to the common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common safekeeper, as the case may be, and the Registrar to arrange 
delivery to the DTC participant on the settlement date. Separate payment arrangements are required 
to be made between the DTC participant and the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholder, as the case may be. On the settlement date, the common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common safekeeper, as the case may be, will (a) transmit appropriate 
instructions to the Custodian who will in turn deliver such book-entry interests in the Notes free of 
payment to the relevant account of the DTC participant and (b) instruct the Registrar to (i) decrease the 
amount of Notes registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of the common safekeeper, as the case may be, and 
evidenced by the Unrestricted Registered Global Note and (ii) increase the amount of Notes registered 
in the name of Cede & Co. and evidenced by the Restricted Registered Global Note. 
Although the foregoing sets out the procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
DTC in order to facilitate the transfers of interests in the Notes among participants of DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, none of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC 
is under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures 
may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, any Paying 
Agent, any Transfer Agent, any Dealer or any affiliate of any of the above will have any 
responsibility for the performance by DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or their 
respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under 
the rules and procedures governing their operations or for the sufficiency for any purpose of 
the arrangements described above.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
14 
Notice to Purchasers of Restricted Notes and Transfer 
Restrictions 
Because of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes offered in the United States in reliance on 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Restricted Notes") are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making any offer, resale, pledge or transfer of such Restricted Notes. 
Each purchaser of Restricted Notes will be deemed to have represented and agreed as follows (terms 
used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S under the Securities Act are 
used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
The purchaser (A) is a qualified institutional buyer, (B) is aware that the sale to it is being made 
in reliance on Rule 144A and (C) is acquiring Notes for its own account or for the account of a 
qualified institutional buyer; 
(ii) 
The purchaser understands that such Restricted Notes are being offered only in a transaction 
not involving any public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, 
such Restricted Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any 
state securities or other applicable securities law and may not be offered, sold or otherwise 
transferred except in accordance with the legend set forth in (iii) below; 
(iii) 
The Restricted Registered Global Notes and the Restricted Registered Definitive Notes will 
bear a legend to the following effect unless the Issuer determines otherwise in compliance with 
applicable law: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY APPLICABLE U.S. STATE 
SECURITIES LAW AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) (1) TO A PERSON WHO THE SELLER REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH 
RULE 144A, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 
904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 
144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), AND (B) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION 
CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THE NOTES. 
(iv) 
Before any interest in a Restricted Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred 
to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in an Unrestricted Registered Global 
Note it will be required to provide the Registrar with a written certification (in the form scheduled 
to the Agency Agreement) as to compliance with the transfer restrictions referred to in sub-
clauses (A)(2) or (A)(3) of the legend set forth in (iii) above. See "Form of Notes; Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form".

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
15 
Taxation 
15.1 
Swedish Taxation 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences to holders of Notes who are not 
residents of Sweden for income tax purposes. Purchasers are urged to consult their professional 
advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding or transferring Notes. 
Under Swedish law as presently in effect, payments of any principal or any amount that is considered 
to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to the holder of any Note will not be subject to Swedish income 
tax, provided that such holder is neither (i) resident in Sweden for tax purposes nor (ii) engaged in trade 
or business in Sweden through a permanent establishment to which the Notes are effectively 
connected. 
Swedish law, as presently in effect, does not provide for deduction or withholding for or on account of 
taxes on payments of any principal or interest to the holder of any Notes, except on payment of interest, 
and any other yield on any Notes which is paid at the same time as interest, to a holder of Notes who 
is a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with tax residence in Sweden. 
15.2 
PRC Taxation 
Please refer to the paragraph "There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the 
RMB Notes" under the section "Risk Factors" above. 
15.3 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate.  
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established 
in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State. However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation 
between participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing 
of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.  
15.4 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
"FATCA", a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
number of jurisdictions, including Sweden, have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, proposed regulations have been issued 
that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register. 
In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers 
may rely on these proposed regulations until the issueance of final regulations. Additionally, Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise categorised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally 
would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
16 
Subscription and Sale 
The Dealers who have agreed to purchase Notes of a Series from the Issuer will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, 
BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A., Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan AG, Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura International plc, Société Générale, 
Swedbank AB (publ), UBS AG and UBS Europe SE (the "Dealers", which expression shall include any 
additional dealer or dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time) or to any other person 
or institution. The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the 
Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated 
10 May 2021 (as amended and restated or supplemented from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") 
and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will inter alia make provision for 
the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased 
by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the 
Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
renewal of existing Dealers and the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
16.1 
General 
No action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would 
permit a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any offering 
material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell 
or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable laws and regulations

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus or any other material relating to the issue, offering and/or sale of Notes and will obtain 
any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer or sale by it of Notes under 
the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers or sales and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  
16.2 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation 
to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) and 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation,

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
16.3 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2 TEFRA D, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; Rule 144A Eligible if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to United States tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain 
transactions permitted by United States Treasury regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence 
have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty days after 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States or 
to or for the account or benefit of United States persons, and such Dealer and its affiliates will have sent 
to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to or for the account or benefit of United States persons. 
In addition, until forty days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act (if available). 
16.4 
UK 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes; and  
 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an 
authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
16.5 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la 
Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, 
sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes 
be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and Article 34-ter, first 
paragraph, letter b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
from time to time ("Regulation No. 11971"); or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct 
such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act"); 
and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, 
pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
16.6 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
16.7 
People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will 
offer or sell any of the Notes in the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and 
Taiwan) or to residents of the People’s Republic of China, as part of the initial distribution of the Notes. 
16.8 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: (a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in 
Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" 
as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than 
(i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and (b) it has not 
issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession 
for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or 
document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO. 
16.9 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and 
in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
17 
Definitions 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET 1 capital): Capital consisting of capital instruments, related share 
premium accounts, retained earnings and other comprehensive income after considering regulatory 
adjustments. 
Credit impairments: Established losses and provisions for the year less recoveries related to loans as 
well as the year's net expenses for guarantees and other contingent liabilities. 
Probability of default (PD): The probability of default (PD) indicates the risk that a counterparty or 
contract will default within a 12-month period.  
Risk exposure amount (REA): Risk weighted exposure value i.e. the exposure value after considering 
the risk inherent in the asset.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
18 
General Information 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Finance Committee of the Issuer 
at a meeting held on 10 November 1997. Further issuances of Notes under the Programme are 
duly authorised by the Issuer at the time of any such further issuances. 
2. 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus under the headings "Risk Factors – Risks Relating 
to the Group – The Group is exposed to money laundering, terrorist financing and financial 
sanctions risks, and has been and is currently, subject to investigations by certain authorities 
into allegations that the Group may have processed money laundering transactions and may 
have violated OFAC sanctions" and "Swedbank – Legal Proceedings", there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date 
of this document which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group or the financial 
position of the Group since 31 March 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
4. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (Authorised Public Accountants) of Torsgatan 21, SE-113 97, 
Stockholm, Sweden, have audited the financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020.  
5. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is a member of FAR, the professional institute for authorised 
public accountants (Sw: auktoriserade revisorer), approved public accountants (Sw: godkända 
revisorer) and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in Sweden.  
6. 
Application will be made to have the Notes accepted for clearance through the Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and SIS clearance systems (which are the entities in charge of 
keeping book-entry records). The appropriate Common Code, ISIN number, CINS number, 
CUSIP numbers and Swiss Security number (as appropriate) allocated by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIS will be contained in the Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, relating thereto. If the Notes are to be 
cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream 
Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of SIS is SIX SIS Ltd, 
Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4601 Olten, Switzerland. In addition, the Issuer will (or, in relation to 
Notes denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, may) make an application with respect 
to each Series of Notes sold pursuant to Rule 144A for such Notes to be accepted for trading 
in book-entry form by DTC. All payments of principal and interest with respect to Notes 
denominated in any currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of Cede & Co. 
as nominee for DTC, will be converted to U.S. dollars unless the relevant participants in DTC 
elect to receive such payment of principal or interest in that other currency. Acceptance of each 
Series will be confirmed in the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, relating thereto. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, NY 
10041-0099, USA.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
7. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://swedbank.com/investorrelations/debt-investors.html: 
(a) 
Certificate of Registration and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed; and 
(c) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, any documents 
incorporated by reference and, save as provided below, any Final Terms issued 
pursuant to the Programme (other than any Pricing Supplements relating to Notes 
which are neither admitted to trading on any regulated market within the EEA or the 
UK nor offered in any Member State of the EEA or the UK in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the 
FSMA (including Exempt Notes)). 
The Articles of Association of the Issuer referred to in paragraph (a) above are translated from 
the Swedish original. The Issuer confirms that such translation is a direct and accurate 
translation from the Swedish original. 
8. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market. The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing 
on the Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
9. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under 
the Programme to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
10. 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of the 
Issuer's business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Holders of Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
11. 
The issue price and principal amount of Notes of any Tranche to be issued will be determined 
at the time of offering of such Tranche in accordance with then prevailing market conditions. 
12. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or any Tranche of Reset Notes, as applicable, 
an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. The yield is calculated at 
the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be 
calculated as the yield to maturity or the First Reset Date, as applicable, as at the Issue Date 
of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
13. 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on any certificate or report from an expert 
or any other person in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed whether or not any

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
such certificate or report or any engagement letter or other document entered into by the 
Trustee in connection therewith contains any limit on the liability of such expert or such other 
person. 
14. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may 
be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and 
their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering 
into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal 
in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers 
or their affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposures to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices 
of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Registered address: SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visitors’ address: Landsvägen 40 SE-172 63 Sundbyberg, Sweden 
ARRANGER 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de 
Valores S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain  
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK – 1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt/Main 
Germany  
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom  
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom  
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Nomura International plc 
1 Angel Lane 
London EC4R 3AB 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
UBS AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
8001 Zürich 
Switzerland   
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
  
 
 
TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
603 23 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
L-2453 Luxembourg

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Torsgatan 21 
SE-113 97 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Issuer as to English law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
to the Dealers and the Trustee as to English 
law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
to the Dealers as to Swedish law: 
Wistrand Advokatbyrâ 
Regeringsgatan 65 
P.O. Box 7543 
SE-103 93 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
UKO2: 2002528433.1